When these six were arrested, the prosecutor claimed that they received six guns and GH¢1,292,1818; what seemed like dust that they thought was gold dust; a golden whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale whale.
A suspected victim of thievery whose arms are threatened by a police officer in Kyebi in the Eastern Region.
Starr News reports from Kyebi indicate that a group of people from Anti Armed Robbery and Personnel from the CID agency arrested the suspect (suspect) Ebenezer Gyimah, commonly known as peace on the 40th May of June 2021, allegedly in the city of Abuakua North and South.
The suspect escaped after the beetle had been taken to Kyebi Zongo to investigate.
The following day, the apologists also handed over twenty-six-year-old Musa Kamara, whom the police were eagerly looking for at the site he had taken to Kibi Zongo on the 25th of June 2021.
He also seemed to be fleeing, and the police broke his legs; hence, he could not escape.
She was taken to Kyebi government hospital where the police were protecting her.
These two individuals are thought to be among the robbers who are harassing the inhabitants of Kibi, Akyem Tafo, Osiem, Aninas, and the towns around them.
In three months, at least ten robberies took place in these two major cities.
A woman lost her life when the robbers shot her on Akyem Ettukrom and bunso, leaving Koforidua to bunso Haewae (Highway) on the sixth of June 2021.
A few hours after this incident, the two suspenses were closed, Haruna Amadu (When two decades) and Joseph Nyira (When two decades)
Two illegal guns were discovered, a knife, a¢257. 00 pieces of itel, three categories of baagi (bag) that included elections (two charges in the victims, a Shem (two charges in the victims) and a black baagi in the hands of a student.
On the twenty-fourth day of May, a single person was shot in the same crash when robbers arrested individuals on Koforidua-Akyem Kukurantumi road in the Eastern Region.
The robbers were struck on Barfuor Approach near Sorkode Dwaso, where the police stationed him.
One of the victims claimed that robbers robbed the inhabitants of about two decades and that they earned about¢50,000 pieces of money.
At eight o ’ clock in the evening, robbers robbed inns and gasoline stations ( Petroleum in Akyem Kukurantumi, which was being fired on Wednesday, the eighth of April; and GH¢137.00 in the gasoline stations.
The security officer was also picked up to slide the wall. When the robbers came to the area, the security officers fled.
No more tragedies.
Apollos received seven pairs of Babylonian cartridges, one pairs of them inki and three pairs of theirs in the area where this incident occurred.
The robbers rushed in saluun (saloon) and fled in black.
This was just three feet after Nuhu Yashawa, aged three and a half years old, lost her life in Akyem Osiem.
The robberies that took place on Monday, April 5, 2021, at 7 : 00 p.m. after 7 : 00 p.m. when four men with guns and knives robbed Goodness Filling Station in Akyem, one person was killed.
The thieves escaped with unknown amounts of money. They suspect that these amounts amounted to all the work that they had received during the night.
The robbers also picked up the Motorola fone of Adamu Zakari, a police officer in the area; he is 30 years old.”
In the area where this incident occurred, the police passed five sparrows.
Rev. John Ntim Ford Fordéour, deputy secretary of education and Parliamentary of the Assin South, has challenged teachers as being concerned about their policy.
According to him, negotiations have been made to introduce Teacher Welfare App to seal the hundreds of candidates.
The deputy Minister of Education points out that the government is concerned about the education market and has promised to resolve any problems related to the education market, the economy, and the education market.
To cope with the problems that teachers are facing, Rev. Fordɛour claims that they have sent keese (s.manigya) to each region to solve the problems that teachers are facing in order to get better.
This initiative of the Ministry of Education, Dr. Yaw Osei Adutwum, is said to help solve the many problems that teachers face.
John Ntim Fordéour urged the teaching committees to believe that the government will solve their problems. He made these statements while conferring with the media on the 19th anniversary of the Ghana National Association of Teachers (GNAT).
They also use this assembly to teach their view of money with the title “Beyond Teachers’ Fund; Making the Teacher Eonomonomonomyally Sound”.
He challenged the leadership of the GNAT and the committee that the educators in the country have contributed to the development of the country. He also emphasized that the government will solve the problems facing educators.
he assured GNAT to implement new measures of expansion. he promoted GNAT in their business dealings to have a greater share in the Unique Insurance and the Swedish Ghana Medical Centre. he also committed GNAT to participate in the witnessing work and to build houses for their household.
Rev. Ntim Fordjour promised teachers that each of the educational departments will provide teachers with 280,000 copies of the debt so that they can do their work better.
he asked teachers throughout the country to cooperate with the Ministry of Education to help improve education.
The Central Regional Police has distributed a fifty-six-year-old physician and his three-year-old daughter at Assin Adedeamtem in the Assin South District of the Central Region.
In a discussion with EIB Network proclaimer, Yaw Boagyan, announced that the deputy officer of the district police, PRO Sgt. Evans Isaa Entie, indicated that a group of people from theomplaints and Investigative Unit of the Ghana Medical and Dental Council of Accra and the police at Assin Adadientem had donated to Samuel Odartei of fifty-six years of age, a seducer who identified himself as a surgeon for about five years in his home of the Assyrian Republic.
When the police arrived, her three-year-old daughter, Alberta Lanuekor, was tired of being pushed into the same area, and others were now waiting to see them.
The two were divided and taken to the police station; and they were equipped with operating machines and other drugs.
Yaw Boagyan, a researcher in the EIB Network Central Region, revealed the possibility of these false doctors.
Many abortions, it is said, were illegally committed and some people lost their lives.
These two people have the strength of the police to support the investigation.
Four people have been flooded in Bomso in the major towns of Oforikrom in the Ashanti Region when heavy rains fell on Thursday, May 23, 2021.
The Assembly member of the province of Bomso, Isaawa Appiah, who declared that the incident had indeed occurred, indicating that on Friday, he had ordered people to search for the missing.
In Kumasi, the capital of the district of Asante, two days of the worst floodwaters have destroyed every million property.
The singing of Kumasi Kejetia also played a role in the floodwaters that fell on Wednesday. The floodwaters burst into floodwaters and burst into floodwaters.
Mr. Kumasi (mayor, Osei Asibey Antwi, is resting because of health problems, and I, I, Justice Bediako, in the district of Ashanti, was told that the KMA team will meet to discuss the worst flooding in Kumasi.
He announced that “asmbele’s technical and planning plans will be gathered this morning to worry about the floodwaters. I have never seen anything like the floodwaters in Kumasi. Until now, we have to make sure that we are on the streets, we have to make sure that the floodwaters will fall.”
He added that at the end of the assembly, the commander would encamp in their flooded areas and see how the embassy can help the afflicted and also see how the embassy’s policies will be implemented.
The inhabitants of the capital city of Efia-Kwesimim and the capital city of Sekondi Takoradi indicate that they are being stolen by robberies in their camp.
This was announced after the three thieves were separated to two in Tanokrom, a suburb in the city of Ephia-Kwesimim. These motorcyclists rushed into the badge of an unnamed woman in ‘ Nyame is a love restaurant.
Their heads failed when they were thrown down to the Takoradi Mall, where one of them tried to escape with the garbage.
The assembled robbed the robbers before committing them to the police. The woman was better off because she had access to her badge with everything in it.
During the past week, residents of the SSNIT room were unable to sleep because some individuals used motorcycles to demonstrate their motto skills for the next day.
The TV camera also gave three motorcyclists who wanted to enter their drinking facilities or Westline in Sekondi-Takoradi, a member of the United States. Prince Kojo Arthur, who is to come to Amanful West, and Takoradi’s president for the government, the New Patriotic Party, indicated that these motors are struggling to maintain their morals.
he claims that there was no response from the police in spite of reports on various crimes committed by these motorists.
Nelson Roland, a former burglar, announced that a motorcycle had been hit by a motorcycle and had been hit by a motorcycle in a camel. And when he got out of his motorcycle to see how it had been destroyed, he had been picked up his Iphone 12 and a valuable container that he had been smashed in front of him.
The contractors in Koforidua Dwakare, who were kidnapping their funds at Fanteakwa Rural Bank, have added a new complaint against their incurable funds to the bank.
These customers have appealed to the President Akufo-Addo and the MP, Alban Bagbin and the Bank of Ghana to help with their money.
The Fanteakwa Rural Bank, a member of Parliamentary Parliament of Fanteakwa North, was established in two thousand years and was dissolved in two thousand years.
The headquarters of this bank is in Begoro and is located in Koforidua, Osiem, Suhum, Aninam and other regions of the region.
It is believed that about a thousand people saved their money in this bank.
The vast majority of the survivors are farmers, businessmen, manufacturers, teachers, priests, miners, and salesmen.
Their remaining funds have caused some to fall into debt and others to fall into debt. The industry has also collapsed.
The vast majority of the victims have grown from GH¢500.00 to GH¢27,000.00 and have been bankrupt in this bank.
Those who have lost much of their money have demonstrated before the 2016 elections that the MP will be burned to give their money. Some have also lost much of their money.
In a conversation with the press at Koforidua, some two thirds of the defeated, the MP was reprimanded for failing to negotiate and pay their bills.
They claimed that they did everything they could to get their money without any success. They also insisted that the Parliamentary Parliament, if called, be given it.
Speaking to the media about her struggle, Elizabeth Amoah, a businessman, announced that the MP, after the 2020 elections, will pay their bills but will refuse to pay them if they call it old-fashioned.
She said, “I went to Begoro to get her money during the 2020 elections, and the congressman’s apologist assured her that after the election, she would give her money. It is unfortunate that after the election, the congressman won, I called this Parliamentarians to him for the first time.”
He added, “What is the reason why the MP will cheat me to save GH¢12,000,000, which I have collected for myself. I am commanding the President Akufo-Addo and the MP to talk to Amankwah Asiamah and to give my money to me, otherwise we will join the draft of the Parliament to save our money through the House and Parliament.”
Another, whose money has been lost, adds, “we are begging the President Akufo-Addo and the Deputy Parliament, Alban Bagbin to take their stand on the matter. I am NPP, and this Parliamentator is very disrespectful to us. During the 2020 election, my daughter and I went to Begoro to see this Parliamentarian and not leave us. I cried. Why should he be like us?”
Additional merchants announced their missions, including marriages that are robbed of their money and that are robbed of their wealth.
The Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliament of Fanteakwa North, the President of the Central Bank, said nothing about the situation.
On the contrary, he had complained that it was untrue for Nana Akufo Adoo to compare the 2012 elections that led to the bank’s failure.
According to the MP, it is not true that the bank paid most of its bills with the equivalent of a thousand.
Adam Mutawkilu, a member of the Parliament for the mining and electricity, hailed the prosecutor for $ 170,000,000; he claims he will not win if the matter was preached in Ghana.
He claims that the prosecutor will do all he can to win the case.
Francis Abban, a member of Parliament, was spearheading on Morning Star, saying, “We saw that it was all that it had to be done and that it had to be done and that it had to be done and that it had to be done and that it didn’t have to be done and that it didn’t have to be done and that it didn’t have to be done and it didn’t have to be done and it didn’t have to be done and it didn’t have to be done and it didn’t have to be done.”
The Chief Justice has applied all the charges to the Mahama administration.
The Beginning of the Trial
In January 2021, the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay the equivalent of $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 for canceling the debt, which was limited to G GP.
By the time of the minister of electricity, Boakye Agyarko, these and other generations were cut short. The NPP government indicated that the country did not need this power system.
The ruling by the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay the equivalent of $134,348,661 per cent from the tenth-first month of 2018 to the conclusion of the compulsory service for GPGo.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,877/74 to GPGC for the court debt and $3,000,000 to GPGC for the debt of their prosecutors and witnesses. All of this was lost to $3,309,877.74.
Inhabitants of the Ajumako Ochioso region of the Central Region are overjoyed at the fact that the Oohhi river is full of fish and that it provides their drinking water.
This happened on Thursday after the rains came down. The residents say that this was a blessing from their ancestors.
The authorities in the area handed over permission for the inhabitants to take some of the fish home.
Yaw Boagyan, a Kasapa FM proclaimer, and Wofa Yaw Deosu, who worked at the river banks, were told that something had not happened since he visited the city and that he believed it was a blessing to the region.
He indicated that some of the fish would be exported to the market. “When the fish came into the river, I picked up twenty-year-old marine fishermen at the fish market in Mankisan and the song of Kasoa.”
“I am being disillusioned because something that has never happened in the Aumako Okrima region.”
The residents then appealed to the Fisheries Authority to help them get their pockets onto the market.
One neighbor said, “We have no work in the Aumakoh region, so this will help us to earn enough money to care for our children at school and at home. We are asking the elders to come to help us deal with the work problems that we are facing in the Aumakoh region.”
The Assembly’s representative in southern Ajumako Ochioso, Maxwell Mensah, appealed to the water and water departments and the government to assist the community in obtaining equipment for fishing in the river so that the youths could find work.
The director of the Institute of Energy Security, Nana Amoasi VII, has expressed his opinion to the prosecutor general, Godfred Dame, who claims to have failed in his work for the government of Ghana to pay $ 170,000,000,000 to the Ghana Power Generation company (GC GP).
During a discussion on the Morning Starr project on Thursday, Nana Amoasi VII announced that the Chief Justice was going to inform the Ghanaians so that he refused to report on the $ 170,000,000,000.
“We were entitled to take a closer look at the matter, but we defended ourselves with the COVID-19. The Chief Justice did not do what he had to do. He did not do what he had to do. We should have to investigate what he could do with our followers.
The statement was made after the Supreme Court of London ruled in favor of the government of Ghana’s $ 170,000,000,000 payments for the Ghana Power Generation companyno.
According to London, the Ghana government rejected the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) tribunal and ignored it.
The court’s judgment, which was issued on Wednesday, May eighth, ordered the government of Ghana to pay the money due to the weakening of the ruling.
The prosecutor of the government, Godfred Dame, claims that the 2020 elections and the COVID-19.
According to Charles Kimmins Qo and Mark Tushingham, the prosecutor for the Ghana government, the Ghana government was arrested before negotiating the case.
The Government of Ghana used the Khawar Qureshi Qo at Serle and Volteraa Fietta when the Omnia Strategy was added. During the court, the Three rowns and the Ghanaian corporation Kimathi & Partners and the FTI oonsulting were also used.
Ghana sent a delegation from the prosecutor general, akakye and Amofa & Partners, in Accra.
The three in the case, including John Beeohey, the leader of the Internationalriminal Court of Arbitration, and Prof Albert Fiadadooe, a Ghanaian professor, authorized the government of Ghana to pay $ 170,000,000,000, including interest.
The cost of 134.35 million was cut short with 69.36 million being cut short, 58.49 million in debt, 6.46 million in debt, and 32,448 million in debt.
The court also charged the government of Ghana with the equivalent of $ 6 14,353.86 for the trial and $ three million for the debt of GPG to the court and the court.
The court’s summation stated that the proposed canceling of the incumbent, by the Supreme Court of the Republic, had no valid basis for proclaiming that the canceling of the incumbent should cost only $18,000,000.
In rejecting the case of the government in Ghana, they drove into the excavation process, claiming that the excavation process, based on the excavation process, indicated that GPGo had the permit issued by the Kpone-Atamanso district embassy to pass through the land of Blue Ooean on the fifteenth day of 2017.
The Court answered that the government of Ghana did not have any evidence, including the Energy Commission Act, to ensure accurate access to the country.
According to the Court, “the consensus of the consensus Dr. Ahenkorah, the Chief Secretary-General of the Republic, set in motion a hurdle to take the lead in obtaining papers in October 2017. And the consensus Minister, in response to the PPA’s commander, Dr. Ahenkorah, is waiting for an answer from the Ghana parliamentary office in order to establish the security system (PEPA and PPA).
According to British law, the government has twenty-eight days to appear on the basis of the court’s ruling, but it has nothing to do with it until it is three days before the court’s ruling, before the court’s ruling shall be suspended for a period of time.
The Omnia Strategy, a British legal agency, requested a five-fifth-fifth-six-a-half-day list of cases.
The Court issued its ruling on the eighth day of March 2021, which the government will be able to execute its ruling, which was declared at the end of its ruling. Moreover, the government remained until the first day of April 2021. During this time, the British law firm, Volteraa Fietta, received a notice from the government to submit to the ruling.
This legal agency, who is designated as the beneficiary of the information provided by all the countries of the world, explained that, on the fifth day of its ruling, Godfred Yeboah Dame, was appointed to be registered.
The Court is proclaiming its judgment on May 8 2021, according to the ruling that all the cases are not valid and that they are not fulfilled.
Justice Butoher has been very hesitant.
According to the Global Arbitration Review, the suspect, the suspect, the suspect, is the same as the suspect, the suspect, the suspect, the suspect, the suspect, the suspect, began at the end of the third millennium and then at the end of the first millennium.
According to him, the summation of money in the court does not permit him to carry out what happened to him.
He added, it is understood that on the fifth day of his appeal, it allows the government to make use of the appointed time.
The Beginning of the Trial
ON THE end of 2021, the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay the equivalent of $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 for canceling the debt, which was limited to G GP.
By the time of the minister of electricity, Boakye Agyarko, these and other generations were cut short. The NPP government indicated that the country did not need this power system.
The ruling by the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay the equivalent of $134,348,661 per cent from the tenth-first month of 2018 to the conclusion of the compulsory service for GPGo.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,877/74 to GPGC for the court debt, and $3,000,000 to GPGto for the debt of their prosecutors and witnesses. All of this was lost to $3,309,877.74.
The massive flooding in Kumasi, the Ashanti region, has been declared to have taken over a small town in Sawaba.
This little girl was traveling with her parents living in pragia. The pragia was broken through the floodwaters.
Those inhabiting the area, it is said, bought the water and took the parents away and did not see the baby because the water had taken him away.
One of the residents told Francis Abban on Morning Star Thursday that “the body of the flood victim has not been found. This incident has really affected his parents. It is difficult to navigate the Sawaba road when it comes to the floodwaters. We don’t know why the driver of the pragia took that step and lost his life for the one-year-old.”
Others proclaimed that the call for President Akufo-Addo from the North Eastern Region was also commemorated during the floodwaters.
The Iddrisu Adams, whom most people call Koomi, was arrested by the Ashanti state police because of the alleged robberies. He was shot while he was on his way as the police arrived for a long time.
The suspect was among the recipients who were being arrested by the police on May 23, 2021, after the police had been injured.
On the twenty-threeth of May 2021, the police were taken to the police station where he claimed to be with his robbers and tried to escape. The police shot him to prevent him from escaping.
He was taken to the St. Martins hospital where he left.
The police have announced that they are looking for his robbers and have exhorted them to go to the nearest police force.
The police assured the public that they would do all they could to combat theft and also ask for public help.
The Defence Minister, Albert Kan Dapaah, has explained why the Defence Minister of the Ashanti region, DCOP Opare-Addo, has been disfellowshipped.
According to the former Dapaah, they did everything they had to do to get rid of the security agency when they had to get rid of it, and they had to do what they had to do.
The Defence Correspondent announced in front of the Star News that a NPP group called the Delta Forroe trampled on her rights because she refused to do what was expected of her in the region.
Speaking to Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliamentary Parliament
Rather, it was not stated why Mr. Opare-Addo was dismissed as indicating the need for a forceful dismissal.
Opare-Addo had signed a three-and-a-half-year ceremony as a district security coordinator for the Ashanti district during the two-year ceremony that began on the fifth of May 2018 (the first ceremony ended.
Instead, it was rejected by government officials on the ninth of 2021. Despite the dismissal, DCOP Opare-Addo was rewarded according to the accusation. After the dismissal, Jasonel Francis Arthur was appointed as the Ashanti regional security coordinator. The process began from the fifth month on and the first day. However, Opare-Addo was not dismissed to the State’s office of volunteer service.
Mr Dapaah also explained that since he refused to give up his assignment, the new district security agency was unable to do his job. As a result, security agencies were dispatched on the fifth month of 2021, and on the tenth day of 2021, to go to the district of Asante to investigate the reasons why DCOP Opare-Addo should go to the office if necessary.
He added that “to this day the DCOP Opare-Addo has not put anything before the security agency or I, who is the prime minister, as a victim. Neither has the security agency given any order to appeal to the police,” he added.
If the DCOP Opare-Addo defends every person in the right way, I would like to be investigated on the subject.
The exhausted British Haekisa in Ghana, Ian Walker and the EIB Network’s Chairperson, Nathan Kwabena Adisi, who is generally known as Bola Ray, went to the Waakye marks on Wednesday in Accra’s courtyard with the King Promise.
The goal of the corruption, entitled “Taste Ghana” led by Bola Ray, was to invite the British Haekisa to eat Ghana’s food supplies. The Waakye banquet was initiated at the famous Accra New Town marble and completed at the Nima marble market.
The police in the Apocalypse region of the Eastern Region have confiscated 24 pistols from the sand mines.
According to government officials, it was on May twenty-one that a group of individuals were mining in the Okaikrom area near Adeiso (wei continued for three hours of relief.
The police went to the area and found some headaches and two species of peelads running sand.
The manufacturers picking up the teraks and the operators of the peelands escaped when they saw the police coming, and the police tried to seize clutse Kofi, whose speed was GE 7191-19.
They find four and eight rifles in the vicinity while searching for the victim.
The Chairman of the Eastern Police’s Public Relations told the Starr News that this person had been arrested.
He proclaimed that the suspected gun was belonging to Sammertide oonstruotion and the Sand Winning company.
he claims that the person and the weapons in the incarceration had been taken to the police force.
This was at the time of the arrest of individuals who were gunned in the sandy area.
At two o ’ clock in the afternoon, May 10-15, 2021, when the white people who lived in the third and EEP were trapped with a peak number 2935-19 to Osae Kwame (the first person to report when he was coming from his village to Adeiso to buy food for his staff at his office. He was handcuffed, picked up, and sent to the village, one of the towns nearby.
The police, after hearing this, rushed to the village to rescue him, but the guards fled to the site of Summertide sanding in the village of Obeng Yaw near Adeiso firing guns.
The second person who sought refuge in the police, Alhassan Zakari, was killed while shooting in confusion.
Five persons were gathered in the vicinity of the area, and all were packed into containers and taken to unknown places.
The area where the sand was being mined said afterward he saw his GH¢96,000 being picked up and shot.
Kyebi police arrested five of the suspects.
At 4 o ’ clock in the evening, these individuals were arrested by the Adeiso police.
The police sought after Nana Barfuor Sarpong, a supposed security officer, in May, and found one AK47, three suitcases of guns and sponges.
Alhassan Zakaria and Bright Apama were taken to the Eastern district hospital at Koforidua.
Meanwhile, the CID in the Eastern region has been in control of the situation.
The victims are given beele.
Koforidua Shenchuk, on behalf of the five rescuers, including Akyem Abuakwa as a supposed national security officer, has a GH¢200,000 beeli without the signing of two criminals.
The prosecution was Nana Barfuor Sarpong, Nana Barima Twilight Tarbiade II, both of whom were kings at Akyem Abuakwa.
These included eunathan Martey, Eric Yaw Boateng, Vihotor Ahenkora Koranteng and others.
They were to appear before the court on 19th May 2021, when they were convicted of seven cases of incrimination: plans for burial, burial, personal mutilation, robberies, plans for stealing and armed conflicts.
The case has been set aside for the nineteenth day of our wedding in 2021.
The prosecutor, Cyril Boateng Keteku, deputy prosecutor, told the court that Osae Kwame (Five centuries old) and Alhassan Zakari (Five centuries old) were all farmers.
The third is Samuel Astu Forson, the Chief Agent of the Republic, and the Chief Agent of the Summertide Sand Winning.
According to him, the defendant, Nana Baffuor Sarpong, a state security officer, was asked to be an educator and a stewardship officer.
The second is Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa, Grandpa.
The rest have fled.
The government has taken steps to build up a group of Burkinaeans who are harassing Ghanaians in Bawku. He has given them a barak in Bawku to improve the security of the Bawku.
President Akufo-Addo made these statements when various security forces threatened the work of thieves from Burkina.
He made these statements when he needed Bawku Naba to end his corruption in the province of the North East.
The location of this region near Burkina Faso is a reason why you are being harassed by these conspirators who want to bring problems and reports to Ghana.
“Bawku Naba, ” he added, “he know how the government’s policies have been implemented in order to improve the quality of safety and the development of the Burkina Faso community.
“I'm glad to put it before you to build an army barracks in this area and to support the controversy.”
Asigiri Abugrago Azoka II, of the Bawku Naba and also president of the Kusaug dynasty, declared that both the kings and the people of the province of Kusaug and the people of Ghanaians appreciate the initiative of the Ghana President, Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo-Addo.
Speaking on behalf of President Akufo-Addo in his victory over the election, with the nation’s destiny in his hands four years before, Bawku Naba said, “I pray that God will bless you with wisdom and strength so that you will be able to complete all your plans in the way you have worked hard.
A study conducted by Child Rights International revealed that half of the 11,288 children between the ages of two and seven want to leave the country to get a better job.
A tenth of the people declared that they did not know whether to live or to leave the country.
According to the survey, fifty-five percent of those contacted were expected to move to another country; a tenth-five percent were willing to pursue a better career or to pursue a better education or a better life.
According to the report, about 80 percent of the respondents indicate that the country has been injured for the next two decades. About 20 percent of the respondents say they do not know the country better. According to the study, when it comes to education and employment, the report says: “Most half of the children say the country will be in the future. Of them, 47 percent say they have not seen the need for schooling to help them.
A group of youths in the Ashanti Region tried to reconcile the Lighthouse hapel International resurrection of the district with the words of their Chancellor, Bishop Dag Heward-Mills, concerning Asanteh, Osei Tutu, while preaching Religion.
The statement, which he proclaimed as he threatened the religious interests of the mass media, was questioning the impact that the chiefs have had on those in the community.
These youths claim that the famous evangelist has despised the Almighty and has to do something greater than a sword in order to be forgiven.
The secretary-general of this group, Kwabena Frimpong, declared: “We have given the bishop Dag Heward an hour to say no to all his churches in the Republic. Then we are warning those whose faces are critical of the Church and the President, Osei Tutu. We will assure them that we can face them.”
Minister Dag Heward Mills is late.
In his greeting, the preacher said, “I’m sad that it was two decades ago that some individuals who said they would do anything to have our church in Kumasi crumbled.
“I will visit me to congratulate, the President, Nana Osei Tutu II, to congratulate him on every challenge. I beg him to congratulate me with congratulation.”
The National Democratic Congress, called the National Democratic Congress, has called the Chief Justice Kwasi Anin-Yeboah before the General Legal Council on the matter of lawyer Dominic Ayine.
Dr Ayine acknowledged that there was no formal agreement in the preaching work. He also misunderstood that the chain was dismissed.
The information was presented at the Centre for Democratic Development (CDD) and KNUST programs.
The Chief Justice, in particular, authorized the GLC to summon the MP to defend the allegations and to administer punishment if there is any sanction.
Speaking with the media on Monday, the Chief Secretary of the NDC, Johnson Asiedu Nketia, called the Chief Justice to revoke the charges against the Bolgatanga East Parliamentarians.
Mr. Asiedu Nketia, generally referred to as General Mosquito, declared that “the citizens should have their own convictions about governmental law, but they should not be compulsory. How many times have you heard that the court was announcing my judgment, but I am warning you not to mention it.”
According to him, “the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law and of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law and of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law of the law and not of the law of the law and not of the law of the law and not of the law of the law
Mr. Asiedu Nketia also accused the Chief Justice of being targeted for the NDC, and he has been called upon to stop.
Is it not surprising that all the prosecutors of the Supreme Court, Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah, are in cooperation with the NDC. Why is the Supreme Court in charge of the NDC to punish prosecutors who are in cooperation with the NDC as he wishes to do whatever he does and hurt them?”
Ghanaman is second in the peaceful country of Abibiman after Mauritius took the lead in the 2021 Global peace Index announced by the Institute for Economics and peace.
The Global peace Index is the foremost example of one hundred and sixty-three countries that measure the stability of their country. The study is a well-thought-out investigation of the impact of peace, economy, and community peace.
According to the survey, Ghana’s total number is estimated to be eighty-thirds. Ghana’s total number is 1.715 with a double ratio.
Thro the world, Mauritius, the first in Abibiman, ranked twenty-eight, and Botswana, the third in Abibiman, ranked forty-fourth. Thro the world, Nigeria, ranked a hundred and forty-fourth with Togo, Uganda, Kenya, RePublic ofongo and Cameroon.
Iloeland is still the first peaceful nation in the world. It has been observed since 2008 among its top members are New Zealand, Denmark, Portugal, and Slovenia.
Afghanistan has been a peaceless country for four years, followed by Yemen, Syria, South Sudan, and Iraq. According to the Global peace Index 2021, Burkina Faso is the peacemaker country.
According to surveys, there is violence in various countries in Sub-Saharan Africa. Namibia has the highest rate of violence in six percent if it is at peace.
South Sudan remains a peaceless country in that area, and when it comes globally, it is one of the peaceless countries in spite of being rebuked in peace.
The region’s peacemakers, Burkina Faso, is the largest country in the area. The government committed suicide against the rebellion and destroyed consumption.
According to the survey, the global population was inadequate. This increased by 10 percent because of the incidents of Coronavirus, a worldwide demonstration of 14,871 defects took place in 2020.
According to the study, political and social disruption was also linked to the development of the country’s economy, whether it is going to improve or not. The economy of the less economically and more peaceful countries would be more economically inclined than it is in their country.
Meanwhile, three thirds of the world’s population are now worse than they were in the past five years. There has been a dramatic change in the number of violent areas, and the number of homicides in one hundred and twenty-three countries since 2008 has fallen drastically.
The report also points out that “the global peace rate is 0.7 % below the 2021 Global Peace Index. Despite its righteousness, this is the ninth peacekeeping rate in the last decade.”
The report adds that during the past year, eight countries and seventy-three countries have gone forward toward peace. There are three countries that have not changed. Middle East and North Africa (I am still a world without peace. There are three of the world ’ s five countries where peace is missing, and there are three of the countries where peace is missing during the year.
Europe is still the most peaceful place in the world. There are eight of the ten most peaceful countries in the world in this region, and there are no countries in the middle of Europe.”
The Chief Executive Officer, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, has appealed to the Ghanaians for the assurance that their affairs will be unprecedented in his government.
He predicted that during the next four years, the life of every Ghanaian community will not go unnoticed.
“I am worried that the next four years will give us a sense of urgency in the lives of all Ghanaians.” The President made this statement when he committed injustice in Nigeria.
Mr. Akufo-Addo and the governor of the Imo State in Nigeria, Owelle Roohas Anayo Okoroha on Monday, in an interview, added: “ Over the past three or four years, the Ghanaian economy has been reduced, and we believe that if we exercise restraint, work, and order, the country will regain its interests.”
The chief executive of the headquarters, John Dramani Mahama, in a final election in Nigeria, is speaking to the Nigerian president, Muhammudu Buhari, for a discussion.
President Akufo-Addo also assured the Imo State governor that the relationship between Ghana and Nigeria would be strengthened.
“We appreciate the partnership that exists between the two countries,” he adds. It assures the members of the state that we are working to solve their problems and improve their morality. The stronger partnership between the two countries will benefit both West Africa and Africa.
President John Dramani Mahama has appointed Joseph Whittal as a consultant for the Commission on Human Rights and Administrative Justice (CHRAJ)
Mr. Whittal was sweared on Tuesday afternoon at Flagstaff House to begin his ceremony.
Mr. Whittal has sought refuge since the President, Lauretta Vivian Lamptey, dismissed the petition as a result of the nation’s savings.
The President has appointed Mrs. Josephine Nkrumah to be the president of the National Commission for Civic Education (NCCE)
Mrs. Nkrumah, assistant president of the question, has appealed to Mrs. Charlotte Osei, appointed by the president to respond to the national election in the month of Ourwonsa last year.
This government-sponsored campaign came about a week before the NPP Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, removed the chairman from the hallway.
The chairman’s appointment will take place at the seventh grade in 2017.
The GN Health Insurance companyLtd, one of the seventy-five Groupe Nduom companies, has embarked on the ambulances in the country of Ghana.
They are looking for help to provide immediate care for those in need.
The GN Health Ambulance Service will work 120 hours to ensure that nursing needs are cared for.
The president of GN Health, Issah Adam, said, “Bio, our chief executive for Groupe Nduom, Dr. Papa Kwesi Nduom and his vice president, Mrs. Yvonne Nduom and the directors of the company are also working to improve the performance of their employees.”
He said to the doctors at the conference, “wei is also the great start of the Groupe Drum. The ambolans program has been added to the existing health-care system to help the staff in the Greater Accra and the Central Region.”
Studies indicate that women who lose their lives at birth or through childbirth are determined by sixty percent of the incidents to be unable to be taken to a hospital. Experts say that the GN Health Ambulance Service wants to do so if the majority of people lose their lives.
“GN Health will see to it that there are well-trained doctors and professionals who know what to do to solve problems.”
He added that the Ford ambolans 350 have all the ingredients needed to treat those who need medical treatment before taking medical treatment. And urge that it is not enough to send individuals to hospitals where they cannot take care of those who need medical treatment.
The Ambolans have all the equipment needed to be used to treat a person before healing a hospital. They also have a large number of sterilizers, such as respiratory disorders, and a similar amount of sterilization.
The government says he will take it along with all who were injured in La insurrection on Thursday.
Six people have lost their lives in the tragedy at the Trade Fair Centre in Accra, and twenty have been injured.
The minister of acts of violence, Alex Segbefia, visited the hospital of La General, Police, and 37 Military for the injured, and the presence of doctors and ministers was remarkable for their hard work.
“The chief executive asserts that the state will take all costs to the victims of the insects, so let the headquarters of the hospitals be held responsible for the payment of the debt.”
“What you already know as the donors, you have to wash their hands regularly, clean their clothes, and treat them with medicines. All of this is expensive. You have to add doctors and nurses to do the same thing here in the hospital.”
President John Dramani Mahama has also taught Ghanaians to pray in behalf of the injured.
The chief executive, who had dismissed him in the circle, had his Twitter hate appliance picked up on Friday for the injured.
“I encourage the members of the family and all the victims of the old age-old disaster. Let us continue to pray for the injured,” he added.
The oil market near the Ghana International Trade Fair Centre in Accra has exploded and five people have lost their lives.
Those in attendance claimed that the fire also destroyed the activity in the area.
According to Veroniya Koomson, ambolans and artists who came to the area contributed to the downfall of the fire.
The Speaker of Ghana’s National Fire Service (GNFS), Prince Billy-Anaglatey, said on Monday, “We are trying to minimize the fire. There are also Armed Forroes officials who are doing all they can to quench the fire.”
Koomson announced that if the fires were not fired, fire would sell the oil facilities near the fires.
Billy-Anaglatey says he cannot say that someone else has been injured. And he added that what they now need is to quench the fire so that it will not burn elsewhere.
The cause of the fire is unknown. The area is very dark because the fire has destroyed all the electricity in the area.
One person has lost his life without results in an accident that occurred overnight in Ekumfi Akoti in the province of Ekumfi in the Central Region.
The Nigerian who has lost his life for nothing had to leave the street and his cupboard burned.
The cupboards were colored from Mankessim to Nigeria.
Those present proclaimed that the person had to leave when he was left behind and entered the garbage.
Those in attendance managed to escape the two passengers before the fire broke out and the driver lost his life.
The couple are receiving treatment at the one-on-one Regional Hospital.
Later, people from the Ghana Fire Service arrived to quench the fire.
Added to this accident, two more accidents occurred on the road during the past two weeks.
During the last two weeks, ten-five people lost their lives in this way, as did Yutong and Sprinter.
Some of the kings in the Ga traditional region have given the Gbese district, Tok Ayibonte, a week to use the appliance.
The rulers have expressed indignation over the decision-making process before the 2016 elections had taken place.
Like Ayibonte, the President, John Mahama, has assured him that he will get out of his trunk if he eats the pottery.
Like Ayibonte, he reproved his chiefs for his belief that Mahama would win the strike because of satisfying many of the demands of Satan.
On the contrary, the Accra Heart of Oak’s president failed when he threw his necklace down.
There has been nothing since the victory was won by Nana Akufo-Addo.
The kings of Ga, who are urging him to get out of the circle, also clash with their feelings. They say that he is not entitled to rule.
According to the police, two women were killed and more than a dozen were injured after the accident that occurred on Tuesday on the road to Daboya-Busumu in the Northern region.
Ten-four people attending the wedding were in bed from Daboya to Sawla.
The police chief of the district of West Gonnea, ASP Seidu Wemeh, according to the registration number AS 2304-15 in the district of Daboya, drove him into the bush and trapped him, and the two people lost their lives instantly.
The two women who survived were older women in their early 40 ’ s and 40 ’ s.
The cause of the accident has also been uncertain as well as ASP Seidu indicates that the police will investigate the driver’s drinking problem.
He added that the injured were taken to the district basin in Tamale and that only one person was taken to Damongo.
Accidents rarely occur on the Daboya-Busunu road despite the highway.
Those inhabiting the area say it is not true that the first time in this year, an accident is occurring in the area.
The incident is said to have not been to the police.
The Minister of Energy, Dr. Matthew Opoku Prempeh, has announced that the government is doing what it needs to do to provide electricity for Ghana’s industry and to improve its efficiency.
He pointed out that most people agree that sunlight is essential to improving technology.
“Suner energy is the most important source of energy, and it is the most important source of energy in the developed countries, which is contributing to the economic recovery of the country,” he added.
According to a report by the International Energy Agency on electricity, it is difficult to obtain electricity without the use of funds.
Dr Opoku Prempeh made this statement when he used his representatives to announce it at the Stakeholders Forum on Ghana ’ s Nuclear Power Programme in Accra.
“Nuclear Energy Innovations: The Future Teohnologies for thelean Energy and how to drive deep in deorbanisation of Ghana’s power setor”.
Dr Opoku Prempeh claims that this policy will reduce the frequency of the truck and the frequency of the fuel.
“The fact that there is no electricity anywhere and the high cost of the company has created a need for a new power plant in the country of Ghana,” he added.
According to him, the country’s need for electricity, the cost of the electricity, the quantity of the electricity, and the quantity of the electricity, and so forth, can lead to the production of electricity.
New energy not only contributes to the production of low-powered energy sources but also contributes to the development of the country as long as it can be used.
John Agyekum Kufuor, who was seduced by the 2017 president, that he heard a famine and was commissioned by Professor Daniel Adzei-Bekoe to investigate whether global lighting could be supplied by the sun?
In those days Ghana had a major electricity problem.
In an effort to improve the quality of the country’s electricity, he announced that the government, as well as all in attendance, implemented measures to improve the quality of the solar system.
This, in turn, contributed to the development of the first-century Ghana solar system.
Mr Fred Oware’s leadership of the NPG, he said, was on their way to the development of weapons necessary to facilitate the development of a more efficient and efficient system of transportation in the country.
The minister added that in addition to providing electricity from the sun, it can also contribute to the reduction of pollutants in the country.
In addition, “threatening energy is contributing to the moral development of people in many ways and is contributing to the development of the mining industry.”
In both industries and agriculture, energy is being exploited globally, including Ghana.”
After four years of exposure to the burden of exhausted and unreasonable hands, this system has moved forward very much.
Initially the number of ships was 285 million; the number went to 38.5 in the preceding year; the number went to 70.2 in 2020, and the coordinators of the project indicate that 90 million ships will be used in 2021.
The Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA) says they are speaking to Food and Beverages Association Association of Ghana (FABAG) and other agencies to pay for payments to pay for the ship.
The Buok Press, the bridge company in Ghana and DelaRue, which is the British banking compass and the Streamline Resouroes at Tema Port, are also supporting the construction of bridges with the shipping equipment.
The Supreme Court Officer of the GRA, Mr. Kwabena apau Awuah Anto, announced that this will contribute to the decline of extortion.
Speaking on Thursday after the Graphic Communications Group Limited (GCGL) signed to the shipping company at Tema Port on Thursday, Mr Anto announced that the Chief Agent of the GRA has granted thirty-four Ghanaian Limited and the Coca-Cola Bottling company license to make their own ships in their own business.
The prosecutor of the Daily Graphic, Mr Kobby As mah, director of the Daily Graphic, Mr. Franklin Sowa and editor of the Mirror warfare, Ms. Doreen Hammond at Graphic Communications Group Limited (GGLong Association, led by Mr. Ato Afful.
The group went to investigate the tallying of the tally and also to cooperate with the GRA to see how the tallying process would be improved.
Mr Anto concluded that the implementation of the tax policy will reduce the number of brothels in the country and contribute to the increase in the number of good products in the country as well as improve the health of the country.
Moreover, he added that this arrangement will contribute to the economic development of the economy and that it will contribute to the company’s struggle with transactions while the tax benefits are equal.
Mr Anto said, “The work we are doing here at Tema and in the three areas of the country where we are adorned with targets, we don’t take money from those who come to the targets.”
Their expenses include the purchasing of ships, the paying of employees, and the cost of clothing.
According to him, since this era began in 2018, the government insisted that no one pay for the ships, and this continued down to this day. That is why the Chief of Chief of Chief of Justice has arranged to meet the country to determine the reason for the payment of the ships.
Mr Anto claims that this assembly will mean that the GRA will allow the people to pay all the money or to share the debt with the people in the country.
In some countries, Kenya’s importers pay for the ship or not allow the ship to be attached to their boats before it reaches the country.
The Ghana’s tax system places the blame on the applicant or on the company.
In countries that are also involved in the implementation of this policy, the ships are being added to their boats by the same companies.
Mr Anto expressed his opinion about the problem of the Tema area that the ships could not be shipped at the end of the day. He added that at the time, the assignment was to those who were there for some time to subscribe to the emblems rather than to those who were regularly serving the emblems.
Moreover, he added that the majority of bufferers are reluctant to pay any further expenses, so they send their bufferers to the Tema area to keep the boat tied to their bufferers, and this is what caused the buffer to delay some time.
The number of passengers falls asleep when the passengers do not change.
The engineers repaired the equipment to allow the crew to operate.
In his remarks, Mr. As mah asked the GRA to forward the announcement of their plans.
Advertising, he said, is important because it will help all the people in the country to keep the agreement, as well as help people to avoid the agreement.
he summoned the GRA and Streamline Resoures officials for taking steps to solve the problem.
Recognizing how the charter will operate, he announced that GGL and GRA will join them in supporting the announcement of the charter.
Mr. As mah declared, “I believe it is at the same time that GogGL and GRA join in promoting an increase in the number of programs to help the public understand this system.”
According to the Institute of Energy Security (IES), the price of oil will rise slightly. Jesus indicated that the price of oil will be reduced on the market.
According to the first oil market in March 2021, three-thirds of the value of oil was reduced by Oil Marketingompanies. As a result, once more than one gallon of oil was purchased GH¢5.97.
According to a study carried out on earth, Zen Petroleum, Benab Oil,ash Oil, Goodness Oil, Top Oil and Frimps Oil are the lowest consumer oil supplies on the market.
According to a survey in this section, the International Benchmark Brent spent one barel on a swindle to $73.98 (wei indicates that it had risen to 4.05% and that it had been spent on the other for $71. 10.
The cost of oil has increased because of the increase in COVID-19 Europe and the decline in the United States.
Brent spent $75 for the first time in the two years, with the fact that we are in the same area, and with the possibility of freedom of movement, the demand for oil has increased worldwide.
As a result, the number of passengers on board and on board has increased by now.
Brent’s high oil prices are all in the face of obstacles to transporting oil into Europe, Asia, and the Middle East because of differences in prices.
The prices for oil will change in our month because of the OPE + meeting that will take place on the first day of our month. They are going to discuss how the oil will move in the month of our month.
According to the Standard and Poor ’ s Global Platts Platforms, oil prices in other countries have increased in short term.
Oil prices increased by 3.47 %, indicating that the previous price of $671.45 per gallon had risen to $694.78.
Similarly, at a cost of $576.8 for a gallon, the expense was reduced to 3.53% to $597. 30.
According to a study on the world economy, IES’s consumption rate has changed for $1.00 (GH¢597.30).
South Africa has become one of the countries that have been accused of refusing to allow foreigners or travelers to enter Nigeria because of the COVID-19 Delta pandemic in South Africa.
Those who traveled to South Africa two days later were not allowed to enter Nigeria.
Compassionate people in South Africa who want to enter Nigeria must be hiding for seven days.
This arrangement also applies to Brazil and Turkey.
The death of Kaaka Mohammed is both tragic and tragic.
God does not keep his soul hidden and I do not keep his disciples alive.
Immediately, some people are saying that the government is following his death, while others are saying that they are praying that the government will know nothing about his death.
This, in turn, will not be done simply because it does not allow the rigorous investigation to continue.
When we look at the government’s response to the “fix the oountry” statement, I don’t think the government is aware of this death, even if it’s so dangerous to me that it’s political, everything can happen, even if a man can change his life to a woman.
The government met the protesters to try to lower their hearts.
Later, the exhibition pressured the two ads to announce what the government was doing to correct the country.
On the contrary, we have individuals in the government who do not share the opinion of those present and who do not share the values of those present.
Additionally, there were police officers who tried so hard to silence the protesters and supported the COVID-19, but the same police were unable to stop the crowd attending the assembly of Sir John.
All of this can make it possible for the government to be subjected to this death, even if some people think that it is true because there is no reliable evidence.
It should be understood that it should not be overlooked that the current political uncertainty can also make individuals outside the government vulnerable to crime or corruption.
Moreover, there is no indication that Caacah was behind the death of any human.
We need to make a thorough investigation to determine the implications of the matter.
I don't blame the unconscious soldiers who have killed the two people.
We have complaints about how they were employed and trained.
The government will continue to be disgraceful in the view that the strategy of military service is based on political action rather than on efforts. All of this has contributed to the development of Mobrowa Struggle in 2000 and was the most prominent leader in the army.
We saw how the police and the army took us through, even if we had to be touched.
Who is the gunman during the demonstration?
Who wanted to shoot his gun? Men or “beela”.
Is that how a gun must be shot to stop the show?
How was this soldier employed?
Who hired him? Who hired him through training?
This person is a wicked person dressed in military uniforms to mislead people.
I'm advertising the totalitarian politics to experts and other African candidates.
What is unknown to the majority is that Ghana’s economic growth, according to what is going on, is in conflict with my preaching.
According to me, some of the members of the government are in sharp contrast with the neutrality of the military.
Do you throw a thin gaas on the Ghanaians in the exhibition?
And there's no water bullets and plastic bullets?
The government will want to identify directors of security agencies in order to ensure that if a group is reacting, the security agencies will know how to react. The government will also want the security agencies to be reassigned to school to receive training on how to communicate with people if there is a crisis or how to talk to those who are reacting, how much more so.
As a result, people are more inclined to exhort them to demonstrate.
The chieftain himself focuses on the matter, assures people that peace and security will bring an end to the matter.
According to the executive, the security agency is unemployed.
Since the Peace Kansere is also active, it seems that they have no authority to correct the situation. All of this, is the reason why the President must take his own initiative to resolve the matter. It is good for him to do so on time.
Nine-year-old Thomas Amoani, who graduated from the Adeiso Presbyterian Senior High School, who had obtained muchlahyip from the Ghana Sodoarships Secretariat, has thanked the President, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo Addo.
The Deputy Minister of the department, Mr. Kingsley Agyemang, has announced that Thomas Amoiani, who received eight A alone in the last year of the West Africa Seoondary School Certificate Examination, has been asked to study at the University of Brunel in London.
The nine-year-old man from Asuaba, near Adeiso, will study Economics and Business Finanzo at the university.
His tragedy spread throughout the country as the student talked with the media. Speaking about his struggle, Thomas Amoani that he sometimes made a trip of ten kilometers to his home and school.
The President Akufo-Addo heard this and ordered that he be sent to go tolahyip.
As he was leaving the department, the minister of the department told the press that the chairman had done something for Thomas to encourage the rest to learn well regardless of their background.
Mr. Agyemang said, “I don’t realize that there are so many people who live with Thomas and I am promising them that there will be alahyip agency to help them. It’s a source of encouragement to those who live with him. I will advocate President Akufo-Addo for this.”
When he arrived at the university, Thomas Amoani announced with enthusiasm that he would glorify his country, Ghana, and never disappoint Ghana.
She said, “I never imagined that the president would use the president to grant such a privilege. I thank them for their faith in me. I do not allow my country Ghana to be dishonored.”
Brunel University London is a university in the Uxbridge area of London, England. This university was established in 2966 and was placed in the Isambard Kingdom Brunel. Worldwide, it is estimated to be the third and third in the number of universities in Britain. Thessalonian studies indicate that the number of universities in Britain is one-one.
The Chief Justice, Kwasi Anin Yeboah, will rightly appeal to Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, a prosecutor and Bolgatanga East member of the General Legal Council (GLC)
The MP of Zebilla, lawyer John Ndebugre, claims that the information discussed by the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and the others on this complaint must be presented before the General Legal Council of Dr Ayine.
“I am convinced that the highest judge was the ones who had to complain because Dr Ayine ’ s insistence on the complaint against the complaint was that, as a result, the chieftain’s participation in the process, he lacked confidence in the public sector.”
By what Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine said during a discussion on the Presidential election Petition and its impact on the Abibiman administration, the Chief Justice, Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, has appealed to the GLONY Communist Party’s Commonwealth.
Dr. Ayine has been accused of incriminating the government law firm, and why, in the country, it has been declared in favor of the 2020 President’s general election.
According to the Parliament, Dr. Ayine’s reason for preaching during the discussion was that the Parliament did not implement judicial procedures and that the Parliament was being revoked.
“Dr Ayine made a series of references to the summit in favor of the summit, and the summit appealed to him. Dr. Ayine insisted that the summit appealed to him when he was placed in front of the summit on the basis of the summit. And he insisted that if he was a police officer and was a deputy, he would not be successful,” he added.
Dr. Ayine’s acknowledgment to the chief justices in the final elections was that his statement did not despise them.
She stressed that she had not preached the wrong way.
“What I said in my reply, it is my responsibility to support the legal service of the state corporation. As a result of my training and experience, I can express my concern about the failure of the legal service of the state corporation and other Ghanaians,” he added.
She added that it was just what she said.
On Monday, after meeting with the National Democratic Congress (NDC) in Accra, the Chief Justice was summoned to revoke the charges against Dr. Ayine.
Mr Ndebugre indicates that he does not agree with the prosecutor-general’s complaint against Dr Ayine. According to him, Dr Ayine ’ s complaint did not appear in the case of one of the judges or of seven other high-ranking officials. He was speaking of the entire legal corporation as well as of the high-ranking judge, and he was responsible for the complaint against Dr Ayine.
Speaking with Citi FM of Accra on Tuesday evening, Mr. Ndebugre said, “I believe there is nothing wrong with the highest court’s complaint against him.”
He illustrated what happened in 1996 when the State complained against the Mensah Bonsu, Stephen Quaro and Tommy Thompson, who claimed that the Mensah Bonsu had spoken against the Justice Government, and the Supreme Court defended the constitution.
The highest judge is not guilty of complaint.
So I think there is nothing wrong with the highest court’s complaint against him.”
Next, Dominic Ayine was a deputy public prosecutor and was then taking the donor to court with his superintendent, so if the prosecutor insisted that the same person be brought before the law, could anyone say that the same person was not being taken into court because of his opinion?
No, you have to go to court and ask for advice on the complaint against you.
In a similar vein, the highest judge claims that his case has undermined the public law.
Mr. Ndebugre added, “So go your way. They have to sit down on what the NDC and Dr. Ayine are speaking in their own words at the Penitentiary Committee.”
According to him, there are two lists here, like a basket, if you are preaching in court with a statement that violates the law of the state, or if the judgment has been issued and you have preached on the basis of a statement, they can be brought before the law in this case.
If you are guilty in court, you could say that the ruling is unacceptable, “and if you go to the party to say that Dr Ayine has the authority to express his opinion and cannot be brought before the law, I will disagree with you.”
“ Altogether, you have to go before the Appellate Court and say that you were giving your opinion, but rather, that the highest judge in the civil sector is not entitled to the complaint, and that you do not acknowledge the nature of the case. So you have to go there to see why the civil sector in Ghana is independent,” he added.
The Chief Justice was asked to take Dr. Ayine to his own court because he was the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, and the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice, the Chief Justice,
In an illustration, he introduced people to the Parliament’s sentence, “When the people were sent there, did they not express their opinion? If you say that the members of the Parliament have corrupted without any basis, you are being drawn to their voices—why say they cannot stand before the law?
I don't say what the chief justice did or don't do.”
I am saying that the highest judge has filed a complaint, and I know that the highest judge is the one who is responsible for the complaint, since his preaching is against the application of the law and their rights. He is the head of the law, and he has been complainted.
The prosecution does not indicate that you are being convicted of death. You must be there to preach the information being presented to the media.
“When you’re there, it’s best to preach, but now it doesn’t matter what is being said. I’ll exhort Ayine to try to go to the courtroom and preach. It’s best for them to go and let the highest judge know that what is being said is wrong.”
In the aftermath of the election last year, the National Peace Council (NPC) has launched a program to promote unity in the country.
The Kansere claims that the opinions of the various parties can lead to disruption in the country and that it must be resolved.
Parliament indicates that there will be discussions between political parties and the public in Ada in the Greater Accra region.
The program “Countering post 2020 election violenoe and building aonsensus for greater Politicaltoleranoe in Ghana was sponsored by the Commonwealth Secretariat and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
The objective of the program is to speed up public understanding and to promote unity, peace among political parties, and to improve the peace and leadership of the country.
These were attended by the General Secretary of Commonwealth, Rt. Hon. Patricia S Socotland; UNDP representative Dr Angela Lusigi; Communication Minister, Mr Kojo Oppong; foreign Minister, Mr Ambrose Dery and prime minister, Mr Albert Kan-Dapaah.
Along with the newcomers, the Vice Chancellor, Dr. Eric Bossman Asare, the Chancellor of the Police, the National Democratic Congress, New PatrioticParty, the presiding officers of the onvention People’s Party, bishops, chiefs, and other departments in the country.
Mr Dery said despite the defense of his policy, there were violent incidents in which people lost their lives, and property was destroyed.
Thirty-two cases of violence in five elections in the country, six people were killed, he said.
Mr Dery announced that the government is investigating the disorder and that its subjects will be punished.
Mr. Kan-Dapaah also acknowledged that the success of the country depends on the cooperation of the parties.
Rt Hon Sodootland voted in favor of the Ghanaians in a peaceful way in which they voted in the country. The Commonwealth family was deeply impressed.
Ghana has gone ahead in the dictatorship, he said, “it is the burden of the community, and that country has done well.” We are very confident in Ghana.
He also declared that the women and the young people are involved in the constitution of the country.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Republic, Rev. Dr. Ernest Adu-Gyamfi, announced that this initiative will result in genuine cooperation, faith and reassurance between the parties and the constitutional authorities in the country.
he claims that this discussion will help solve the problem after 202 elections.
The Chief Executive Officer of Transeco Mineral and Mining, Mr. Godwin Amarh, has built a six-story school in Akyem Ampapatia in the Northwest District of the Eastern region.
He paid GH¢295,000 for these schools; this was part of a compass program to improve their environment.
At the opening of the building, Mr Amarh showed how important it is for children in elementary school to have a good education because it contributes to a good foundation in education.
According to him, education cannot be calculated for granted because the country’s economy is dependent on education, and the compass needs to make education more important for them.
“We, who work in Transeco Mining and Minerals, are determined to contribute to the high level of primary education in all areas of our corporation. That is why the corporation is determined to promote higher education wherever it is available.”
“I'm glad that I've come to Ampapatia to open this school. We all know how important education is to people and the community. To have students to recycle, there must be a solid foundation, and this is why we build this school building.”
Mr Amarh added that the school building is an expression of gratitude to the Kings and the people of Ampapatia who have had close contact with the company since the company came to their area.
Mr Amarh argued that it is not true that the government has set up a massive nationwide strike.
he claims that the government, rather, has come up with a strict policy to improve the quality of the mine, not to destroy it.
According to Mr Amarh, “the government has not set up a tailor, but it establishes areas near the water and forest where it is not permissible to perform any tailoring. Thus, the law will be respected by any who violate the government’s policy.”
He advised those involved in the maenen work to move to the maenen but to the assigned place.
Mr Amarh, also the Chief Secretary of the Ghana National Association of Small Szoale Miners (GNASSMo), called on his farmers to help improve the quality of their work in the community.
The miners, he declared, should not change what they claim to destroy neighborhoods without the community.
According to him, some of the mothers are trying to do the same.
“The company employs a lot of people in the neighborhood where we work. We have to work hard to set aside something better. I know that most of the households have built schools and have contributed to the electricity of the neighborhood. We have to advertise this information and change what people say about us.”
The Foundation and Abdul Samad Rabiu Africa Initiative (ASR Africa) are signing an agreement with the Rebeaa Foundation for a total of $500,000.
This figure will be set aside from the entire ASR Africa year for the African Fund for SocialDevelopment and Renewal, a hundred million to support the Rebea Foundation’s scholarship of education.
Speaking on the occasion, Mr. Ubon Udoh, the director of the ASR Africa corporation, announced the committee’s dedication to women and children.
he also assembled for the implementation of full-time politics, which has contributed to the development of a number of projects to promote education, social development, and social development.
“Our investigation revealed that the Rebewa Foundation is a well-known charitable organization in Ghana, and it encouraged ASR Africa to cooperate with it,” he added.
The director of the Rebea Foundation, Mrs. Rebea Akufo-Addo, thanked ASR Africa for their efforts to help the organization.
he promised the organization to use the funds to improve the education of children in the country.
According to the government of the UK, it is unknown that the First Zechariah, who has taken control of the population growth in southeastern Nigeria, has been kidnapped and has been invaded into Nigeria.
According to the Chief Justice, Interpol welcomed Mr. Kanu, a British and also from Nigeria on Sunday, to Nigeria.
In 2017 she was also prosecuted in Nigeria and fled the country after being given a beele.
They think they held him in their UK, where they believe he was correct.
“We can say that they haven’t taken the initiative to take him to his country.”
He went to the police station on Tuesday, he was in charge of the Nigerian police.
He will be brought back to the court on the 26th day of the Convention.
For the independence of the Biafra residents, he seized the initiative of the 2009 Radio Biafra operations in London, Nigeria. He seized this opportunity to attract his adherents to the state of Nigeria.
Five years later, he summoned the Indigenous People of Biafra against the government of Nigeria.
His first denial in 2015 led to more demonstrations.
I was thrilled to see the repair work being done in Independence Square last year.
The repair work is being done because the president seduced John Jerry Rawlings.
The Institute of Directors-Ghana (IoD-Ghana) has promoted the Bank of Ghana ( BoG) in a well-organized system of transportation in order to stabilize local companies.
They have been asked to form a special partnership with the Bank of Ghana to enable corporate governments to improve.
During a visit to BoG, the Chief Executive Officer of IoD-Gh, Mr Roo Jackson Kwesi Dogbegah, announced the office of the Bank of Ghana’s Chief Executive Officer, Dr. Ernest Addison, to establish a number of economic institutions in the country.
Dr. Addison’s leadership of the BoG, he claims, has contributed to the development of the local banking system.
The leadership of the company announced their decision to go to BoG because they are going to vote for negotiations in Ghana and want to strengthen their relationship with the BoG.
speaking of the initiative of IoD-Gh, Mr Dogbegah claims that YoD-Gh is implementing initiatives to improve corporate governance in the country.
he claims that the constitution, in turn, is an implementation of the same policy.
He pointed out that each year a number of people and companies with high-quality jobs will be hired in the administration of the corporate sector to contribute to the development of the country’s economy.
He added that the Ghana Association of Integrated Thinking and Reporting, which will help to promote corporate integrity, has been promoted by various companies and.
The Chief Executive Officer of the BoG proclaimed that corporate governments are in the best position to govern the economy.
He claims that disregarding the laws of their corporate governments, the behavior of the employees, and so forth, does not contribute to the banking process.
He added that Ghanaians are supported by firm corporate governments and announced that the BoG will also help to improve the operations of the corporations because the operations of banks affect the economy of the country.
As for our next soccer year, Arteta has to work hard.
As mentioned earlier, Armenia decided to release Arteta, and the leadership of the team supported her in changing numbers for the next year.
No one can guarantee that like Argentina, the team will bring players to the team.
Many people are asking if Arteta can do the job or if the team worker with whom she works asks if she can do the job?
Arteta and Pep Guardiola worked famously as a successful cowboy at the age of three decades.
Notwithstanding the fact that he has been working for seven months, Argentina’s achievement is equal. Many are saying that the team’s achievement has been lower than that of Unai Emery, while Arteta succeeded in removing Arteta from the European League.
Arteta, who was the army chief of Armenia, was picked up by players who said he was going to rescue them, but they were saddened and compassionate as they were being drawn by Hitler and Tottenham.
It will take a long time for people to forget what the Super League did.
On the contrary, it is only natural to conclude that Armenia’s owners are nowhere to live with the Kroenke family.
Thus, if Arteta has the responsibility to organize a professional team, she will make the final match for the next year’s tActes. Otherwise, the final team will be trapped in the Amazon team.
De Gea doesn't agree that he'll be an assistant.
The Manchester United goalkeeper, David De Gea, is expecting to continue his career in a new team despite the fact that David De Gea receives a match for the team until 2023.
The rumor I am hearing from Old Trafford is that despite De Gea and the first playmate, Dean Henderson’s friendship, De Gea doesn’t have to sit next to play the game.
I’ve been told that they like Madrid, Paris Saint Germain and Real Madrid.
Thirty-year-old David De Gea has reached a high point in his soccer career despite the fact that some in the soccer team realize that his achievements have declined for two years.
Manigya Solskih aer said, “there is a tremendous tremendous pressure on the players.
They dress, have a good time with each other, and have a good relationship with the other players.
As a result of special friendship, the goal of the team is high.
They gather together to improve their performance.”
I believe this kokey is correct, but if De Gea doesn't win No 1, you won't win the ball, I'll get the right thing to do with Old Trafford.
I'll take West Brom back.
West Bromwiuh Albion has returned from Premier League exactly the year they came into the league.
If they are to return from the Championship to the Premier League, it is up to me that I'll be happy to see Sam Allardye stay in the club again.
It is unthinkable that he has taken part a soccer team and that he is saddened by the embarrassment. The leaders of West Brom have a job when they want him to stay.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles, anonor Gallagher and Okay Yokuslu will return to their West Brom team because it is time for them to go. Matheus Pereira,allum Robinson, Hal Robson-Kanu, and Karlan Grant can do better in the Championship.
One of the best athletes in Manchester is athletic.
Who is the best runner in the Manchester City team?
No, it's not Raheem sterling.
Manigya Pep Guardiola, with a righteous seed that every player takes the ball down to the ground, runs about ten bats.
They have players who can't run with the ball, but Gabriel says no one can.
Havertz can be better than he is doing.
Thomas Tuohel is strikingeki Havertz for his two campaigns against Fulham.
Tuohel acknowledges that since kai left Myanmar Leverkusen to Stamford Bridge, the number has not been given to him at the same time as he was.
You're going to another country where there's also a lot of traffic systems that made it difficult for him to number. He also developed COVID-19, which reduced his health
Tuohel believes that the Champions League faenal and the preceding football year will be the focus of his achievements.
Solskɛ aer is helping to get the United to get its best-sized injuries.
Supporters of the Manchester United Football Club are in a position to put their faces in place, and they are in a position to put new beliefs, united, and assured that they can improve.
After a conversation with one of the members of the United States staff and their supporters, it was time for the manna to be celebrated in an eight-month course in the soccer team.
The Solsk-Eaters helped to bring Bruno Fernandes and Edinson’s counselor into the soccer team and their efforts were well appreciated.
The councillor has announced that he will remain in the soccer team for another year and that his belief in Solskeself will enable him to stay in the soccer team.
For Paul Pogba, everything is going well and he's happy. He's also enjoying his friendship with me.
When you compete with the United in the past, when you force them, they are more likely to move and often win.
For example, Ed Woodward, the deputy president, will be rewarded for allowing Solskéaer to stay in the soccer team to change boots to improve the performance of the players.
As a result of the struggles of the Manchester United, Solské aer has become the most important member of the team. His supporters, staff and supporters, all believe that this is the beginning of a soccer team.
The telegraph ran out of use
Kane wants to go.
I didn't realize it at the end of this week when they were competing with Leeds United.
Harry Kane is even more athletic than all his players; he shows what his players do not do on the platform to ensure that their game will go smoothly.
They were competing with Leeds, and I have never seen him so quiet.
I believe this is an indication that Harry wants to get out of Spurs's team and that he is looking for a way to do so.
Wolves is anxious to find a strain.
Nuno Espirito Santos has found it necessary to be a member of their soccer team now.
Pedro Neto, a basketball player, and Reben Neves, a basketball player, show that their faces are ineffective.
Fabio Silva and Raul Jimenez have also been injured by their backs, and since October, they have been unable to compete.
Wolves’ stay last year was down to ten.
Wolves Mannaent has assured Nuno that he will be given money to go to a good-for-nothing tax collector.
In the fifth month and on the eighth day, theamenez will know if he will be able to compete in their final two games.
She has also struggled for about two months to keep her head off and not to participate in the contest.
Sir Alex has won McTominay.
If a large figure like Sir Alex Ferguson speaks about Manchester United, it is important to listen to it.
He has admired Shoott McTominay and says he must compete for the United.
“Scott McTominay has become the largest football player in the United”, Sir Alex declared.
“There are McTominay’s names in the United players.”
He works hard on qualities that come with righteousness.
I took him into the soccer team when he was seven or eight years old.
He was a bricklayer
What's the highest prize.
Three wonderful things that have happened in soccer games?
For the past four years, Manchester United has never won a Premier League match in their home.
If they do not win their match, Sheffield United will be the first team from 1904-1905 without success in two matchs.
Dr Madzorera acknowledged that the health ministry should increase the publicity of the disease and also that it should not be allowed to be invited to discuss the disease with people of ancient times regardless of where they are in the country.
They also insist that they make a safer burden than wait until they are cured before going to the hospital.
The chairman of theaps United, Lewis Uriri, has declared that the problem in the soccer team has been resolved and that all basketball players who have been trained are reaching out in preparation for their match in theastle Premier Premier Premier League.
During a conversation with studio 7, he announced that they had been repaid for the losses of soccer players.
He also announced that they will soon be rewarded for the previous month. He also claimed that some unnamed individuals were fooling the apprentices for refusing to compete.
Utiri explained why the soccer players had not received their salary because the number of players in the country was scarce, and the government had not even given them their money.
Those who struggle to change friendships claim that they must adjust to the law of the umbrella as well as to modern values and also to protect girls and women.
Sayendisa Ndlovu, a member of SayWhat, claims that the vast majority of the population are unaware of the creed law and that the government should proclaim it to the public.
Ndlove admitted to studio 7 that an amendment should be made in the law of the umbrella because the law has been written for a long time.
Ndlove claims that bipolar disorder, HIV / AIDS, and some other factors contributed to the risk of hypertension.
Ndlovu explained that the law, according to its righteousness, does not permit any hospital to engage in medical procedures and that the law allows nurses or doctors to engage in medical procedures.
According to the Right Here Right Now, there must be a change in the law of the enterprise in order to reduce the risk of infidelity.
According to a survey of Ms.hangamire, most women lose their lives as a result of infection.
Despite the fact that most young people want to adjust their rules, some adults have also rejected them. They argue that the law does not justify the acceptance of vows because it prevents the young people from obeying their rules for life.
The Parliament passed the parliament in 1977 before the country gained its independence.
Some of the members of the MDC-T, led by Nelson’s quarrel, have been arrested by the police as they threatened to enter the party’s largest department in Harere at the home of Morgan Ts Yangirai.
This occurred when one of the coalition members, led by Ms Thokozani Khupe, went to the center at five.
Mr Khupe was ordered to rule because of the incident involving Morgan Tsakanirai (wei) two years after his death.
The suspects include two deputy police officers, Tendai Biti and Lynett Karenyi Kore. The suspects include David’s commander, Lovemore’shinoputsa, Gladys Hlatywayo, and others.
The victims were said to be on their way to the central party and were arrested by the police.
Since the police spokesman, Paul Nyathi, was known as being unable to obtain it, studio 7 has received no complaint from the police regarding the actual number of victims and accusations against them.
Shamisa MD, a spokesman for Fatzai Mahere, announced his surprise that they had been arrested.
In a press release this year, the government of both Hamisa and Khupe is unlawful, but the members of the Parliament are disagreed and the number of Ms Khupe will be reduced.
Mr Khupe dismissed four Parliamentarians as soon as it was proclaimed, and why is it not the party party party’s decision that these people are there.
Those dismissed from Parliament were Thabitha Khumalo, Prosper Mutseyami, Lilian Timveous and Harlton Hwende.
Some Zimbabweans in other countries have proclaimed that they were forced to leave the country because of the government of Robert Mugabe.
The political educator at the Bergen University in Norway, a member of the Zimbabwe’s Yibuya/ Mayibuye team, Dr Vioruhuhutu, claims that Mr. Mugabe has supported the alliance with the Abibiman but that there is one family in Zimbabwe whose identity is incomprehensible.
Dr.himhutu claims that one of the reasons for Mr. Mugabe’s relationship with some Abibiman officials is that these Abibiman officials respected Mugabe.
Mugabe is said to be remembered as a result of his insolence and his claims that the Supreme Court is responsible for the actions of foreign officials in certain countries, such as the United States and Britain.
Anyone in the Mugabe Zanu party who is unrighteous or who is critical of those outside the government is drawn to his own party.
Mr. Mugabe will be put in bed on Sunday, despite his absence.
Doctors and nurses working in government hospitals have appealed to the government that if the government does not pay their bills, they will put their equipment there at the beginning of the preceding month.
The head of Zimbabwe’s team of doctors, Fortune Nyamande, who claims that the Zimbabwean administration is also under their supervision, has sent letters to the government regarding their wishes.
Dr. Nyamande said he has written letters to the government about their strike on the first January of the year.
They are said to be dealing with officials at the government hospital because they have no money to take a truck to work, since their salary is the sum of money that the government has promised them to pay.
Dr. Nyamande also challenged the government for using democratic advertising to cover up advertising campaigns.
The minister of finance Patrick Chinamasa announced earlier that the government will not be able to pay workers in this year because money is not available.
Mr. Chinamasa, says Dr. Nyamande, “meanwhile, we will follow the same approach, announcing the changes that have taken place during the period of wages.”
The colleagues, who were to pay their salary on Monday, have received their salary and have proclaimed it on Tuesday. However, government officials, such as doctors and ministers, will be rewarded on the fifth of the year to come.
However, many government officials who engaged in conversations with studio 7 indicated that they did not believe they would get their wages at the appointed time.
We cannot talk to the Minister of Health, David Parirenyatwa, and the Minister of Labor, Prisobaah Mupfumira about how the uprising will be overcome.
I love the government’s party and have accused the police of harassing their members.
Zimbabwe’s civil rights lawyers have declared that forty-seven persons, most of whom are advocates of integrity, and seven are students attending school at Allen Wilson in Harare for a free exhibition.
Other victims were Makomborero Haruzivishe, a former pupil leader from ZINASU today, and a colleague named Allan Moyo.
We couldn't converse with the police assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi because he didn't use his phone to talk to us.
According to Lodya Innoooent Gonese of MD, Haruzivishe and Moyo will complain on Monday and reflect on the court’s decision.
The United Nations World Health Organization (WHO) has revealed that the corona virus, which has killed two hundred and twenty-three people on a global scale, has become a global burden.
During the past two days, 2,000 people have been diagnosed with Corona virus and 9800 worldwide.
The President of the WHO, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebrevesus, feared that the disease would spread to other countries while they believed that he would do all he could to combat it.
The Minister of Health, Dr. Obadiah Moyo, claims that Zimbabwe uses more than two persons from various countries to test whether they have Corona virus or not.
Researchers in Zimbabwe are staying in their rooms for two weeks.
The Minister of Health, Dr. Henry Madzorera, asserted that Zimabezi needed more money to cope with the disease.
Robert Mugabe, who was seduced by the president, will be released on Wednesday afternoon by Harare.
The press minister, Ms Moniya Mutsvangwa, made this statement at the conclusion of the cyclone meeting.
Mr. Mutsvangwa announced the government’s council preparing for Mr. Mugabe’s funeral.
They were asked why it was not long before they spoke about the funeral of Mugabe, when Mutsvangwa and the foreign minister Sibusiso Moyo declared, “it is not right to say when his funeral will be held while his family is still in Singapore.”
he says the government is cooperating with the family of the President Mugabe.
King Katizagombo’s spokesman, Gibsonenami, claims that there is no question about the funeral of Mugabe, since Emmerson’s government is responsible for everything.
The Maor General Trust Mugoba of the past week will be buried on Wednesday at the Heroes Acre burial ground at Harare.
In other cases, the government indicates that a hundred and seventy-eight people in South Africa are victims of violence and that two Zimbabweans have lost their lives.
Moyo announced that the government is embarking on a roadblock to bring the bodies of the survivors home.
According to the government, health-care workers, such as doctors, have been paid sixty-six per quarrel for their homelessness. The kabnet now intends to meet the health and financial institutions to make sure that the workers are paid accordingly.
The Minister of Health, Dr Obadiah Moyo, announced that he will sit down with the Ministry of Economy to see how it becomes acceptable.
The doctors also laid their equipment on the floor for the past week as their salary.
The organization that has been heard to insult Ittai Dzamara, who was both a warrior and a leader of the University of Africa Unity Square, has honored Ittai Dzamara Trust and commemorated International Women ’ s Day today.
The ceremony took place in Highfield and the women who attended the ceremony were given an injection and so on.
The spokesman for the Dzamara family, who is also a member of the club of the Itai Dzamara Trust, Mr. Partson Dzamara, reprimanded studio 7 as having to express affection for her during that month; five years after her brother had been lost in that month.
She says her brother had become involved in politics, humanitarian and advertising work, and had done it all lovingly; and Ittai Dzamara Trust continued his good works.
He indicates that his company has come to Highfields because Ittai was born there and will go to different places to help women and those who do not share in legal, educational, and health care.
One of the delegates was Remeberanoe Zuze, who said, despite not having seen Mr. Dzamara, he is interested in the organization’s activities.
An unnamed young woman rebuked studio 7 for learning a number in the present-day program.
Partson Dzamara indicated that a monument would be erected in the memory of his brother who was arrested by individuals at Glen View on Tuesday at Harare.
According to him, they may not yet know where his brother is or even if he is alive.
Ittai Dzamara, he said, was to be invited by the Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission as well as by those who worked with it, such as police officers, imperialists, and others.
Meanwhile, Zimbabwean immigrants in South Africa have no reason to rejoice over the misbehavior of South Africa.
Some Zimbabweans say that South Africa does not violate their agreements with agencies such as the United Nations to respect immigrants.
The secretary-general of Zimbabwe’s Migrant Support Network, Sheltonhi Yangwa, spoke out in front of studio 7 that despite the importance of the day of immigration, immigrants in South Africa are in slavery.
he added Zimbabweans in South Africa were also being harassed.
he added that his company, along with Zimbabweans and other countries, is making paper for them.
The President of Zimbabwe’s Exemption Permits, Gladys Mangwende, said his company is responsible for the immigration system, but is also responsible for the well-being of individuals.
The president of Human Rights WatTOh of North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga, says the day of the immigrants is important in South Africa because of the Zimbabwean immigrants in the country.
Mr. Mavhinga insisted that the government of South Africa abolish the law, especially in the form of transportation.
Zimbabweni, George Manyika, also supported the case of Mavhinga.
Gabriel Shumba, head of Zimbabwe’s Exiles Forum, has challenged the United Nations, the AU, and the United States to monitor the development of South Africa, especially the Zimbabweans in the country.
Lions appealed to the Minister of Peace in South Africa, Aaron Motseledi, to impose the laws of the immigrants before obtaining their documents.
he appealed to the cooperation of various agencies to cooperate with his company and to the welfare of immigrants.
Among the immigrants, Francis Mukono said he did not see the importance of the immigration day as a means of life in South Africa.
Another immigrant, Steven Chiweshe, announced that he had not seen anyone beaten with a knife.
Mandela Madumise, the Chief Executive Officer of South Africa, claims that his commission has commissioned the United Nations Rights Council to help them deal with the problems facing the Commission.
Madumis claims that before the end of the month, the institution will know how to solve the problem.
About three thousand Zimbabweans are said to have left South Africa and are allegedly violating their rights.
But the government of Zimbabwe says some people have moved to other countries to get a better job.
The staff of hospitals, including nurses and doctors, have put their equipment behind them for three decades of their salary, and they have not put anything into the streets to do something about it.
The situation in hospitals has worsened. Sufferers are being returned to their homes because of lack of medical care.
Numbers will deteriorate because the Senior Health Doctors Association will also use their equipment if they refuse to do anything about the medical profession and their salary. The spokesman for the group, Dr. Aaron Musara, proposed a 7th-century study in the hospital.
Dr Musara said despite having sent a letter to the government agencies announcing that he would fall from his courtyard, there was no reply.
Ministers at government hospitals are also unemployed, and the government is charged with paying off some of the U.S. funds sent to him in May 2018. And when they go to work, he does not give them equipment to protect their equipment.
Evenhook Dongo, a member of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, said they had not had any contact with the government.
The spokesman for Zimbabwe’s Hospital Doctors Association (ZHDA), Dr Tingwa Mungofa, also says that since the government does not allow the doctors to go to the hospital, patients are not being treated.
Mr. Mungofa acknowledged that when child-care workers put their equipment in place, most of their workers stayed at home to protect themselves from COVID-19.
studio 7 failed to negotiate with the government about how to solve the problem, since the minister of health, Dr. Amon Murwira, could not use their phonograph.
Mr. Murwira announced the last week that he had begun a conversation with one of the girls. His assistant, John Mangwiro, also recommended that they stop speaking to them because they are very busy.
The president of Health Services Board, Dr. Paulinus Sikoana, also claims that the COVID-19.
Health experts also assert that the government must act in behalf of middle-aged workers to deal with child-care ministers who are committing suicide as a result of the COVID-19 crash in the country, which has cost twenty-five persons their lives.
The defeat of CityCouncil indicates that they are prepared to eat what was said on Monday, the Kansere will not build the damaged buildings in their homeland.
The Kansere secretary, Abel Gotora, announced the call to the Kansere to rebuild the buildings that had been broken by some of the customers.
Mr. Gotora, however, insisted that the Kansere build not all the buildings that were destroyed but that the buildings were forced to be built for the six who were taken to the building.
Ifadwa Marimo, Emmanuel Ngwaru, Richard Svosve, Pepukayi Marega and Devis Shopo were among those who took the Kansere to court.
One of these six, Emmanuel Gwaru, declared that he was impressed with the court’s judgment, for instructing the Kansere to clean up their neighborhood and not telling them to break houses.
Mr. Gwaru is overwhelmed by the fact that he pays to Kansere for building projects. Gadzema Kansela Patricia recalls that he was delighted with the court’s judgment because it was difficult for him to obey what the local minister had commanded him to do in the city. At the same time, the demands of the broken customers were exerted.
Mr. Gotora announced that the Kansere will set up a new song for 50 merchants in Gadzema.
The spokesman for Zimbabwe’s Lawyers for Human Rights, Kumbirai Mainta, said recently the teraphikes are coming to their office to preach for them.
Many Kansers in the country are breaking down structures that are not legally built.
On the contrary, customers around the world are turning to warn that the Kansere is not doing what they are doing.
The court’s judgment was pronounced on Tuesday for his refusal to take the lead in the party on account of the death of Morgan Tsvangirai, the majority are asking who really belongs to Richard Morgan Tsvangirai or to Harvest House.
The court announced that Mrs. Thokozani Khupe was not taking the lead in MDC-T until they were to be voted in three months.
On the contrary, the presence of the party’s large department is somewhat strong in the face of two active members, Ian Makone and Reverend Tim Neil (and enthroned by the Church of the Province of Central Africa).
I love Alliance’s Chief Secretary-General Charlton Hwende believes that the two are in charge and that they can go there alone.
Douglas Mwonzora, the supposed secretary-general of the party who came to the party in 2014, also claims that the party is in the hands of Makone and Neil.
Instead, they say they are convinced that they are not free to work there. We cannot talk to Mr. Makone and Mr. Neil and listen to them too.
I love the Vice President, ob Sikhala indicates that St Marys in thehitungwiza area has been hit by an epidemic that has caused supporters of the party to flee from their homes.
Sikhala, a member of the Parliament of Zengeza West, claims that the police station, called Bangwe, is searching for supporters of the party.
We also tried to lure Mr. upright into a conversation and did not want him to answer the questions.
studio 7 was unable to talk to the police spokesman Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi about why the officer wanted to arrest the supporters.
Instead, it has been announced that the day they want to advocate the interpretation of MD love is the day they want to discontinue the demonstrations they have intended to take place in all the countries.
Sikhala, who was arrested last month and who was charged with prosecuting Emmerson’s government, appears before studio 7 that most people are fleeing from their homes because they are afraid of being arrested.
More than ninety were arrested at Harare on Friday for the demonstration of my love on that occasion.
I want a demonstration to be held in the city of the country, but the police, using the Public Order and the Seourity Actno, do not want the party to continue the demonstration.
The police have packed it up to stop the demonstrations in Harare, Bulawayo, Gweru, and Masvingo.
This, according to political analysts, can happen in Mutare, where MDY is planning to demonstrate on Thursday.
Depending on the constitution of Parliament on government’s annual budget, the Minister of Justice, Ziyambi Ziyambi, and the Minister of finance, Mthuli Nubuube, have been dismissed as the chieftains of the MDC-T, the Thokozani Khupe.
The Supreme Court, Priscilla Munangati Manongwa, proclaimed on Thursday that Ziyambi and Nubes cannot represent the MDC-T, since the Constitution of Parliament allows them to engage in the draft of political parties.
I'll have R7,500M in RTGS.
Experts say Nelson’s prosecutor, MD, went to court after Mrs. Khupe wrote to the bank that advocates of the prosecutor were being dismissed from those who succeeded in drawing money from the party in Steward Bank.
Luke tamborinyoka, deputy spokesman for the MDC-T consultant, expressed his interest in the verdict.
Komiodohi, who claims to be the leader of the party, also announced that he would take steps to obtain funds because he is the leader of the party (and that he is not entitled to take the lead in the party’s strict constitution and that he is not entitled to take the lead in the party.
Mr. Tamborinyoka also says a quarrel can take part of the money because the MP took it by name and went to the Parliament.
But Komiohi said the Hamisa and the others should obey the law.
On the other hand, Harare’s attorney, Kudazi Kadzere, said the court ruling could be revoked within ten days.
Ziyambi told the 7 Studios on deputies that they could interfere with the court’s sentences within ten days.
We cannot complain of Mudenda, the head of Parliament and the minister of finance, who is also unresponsive because their names are listed in the jury.
On the other hand, some lawyers claim that if they refuse to give a statement that indicates that they do not agree with the case, the court will give the money to the appellate.
This is not the first day of the struggle for this money.
Later in 2006, when Chief Secretary-General Welshman Nubuube fought against Tsuangirai in April 2005, he acknowledged his own affection. * He continued to collect money from the affection committee, letting Mr. Ysvangirai, a high-ranking member of the Parliament, get no money.
Dr Rita Nyampinya, a member of the Female Prisoners Suport Trust for women at the prison, said she is happy to have the 2020 International Women of aourage Award.
The award commemorates the success of women worldwide and is awarded by the United States Dpartment of International Relations.
Dr Nyampinga said he never imagined that he would win this award, and he said he was very happy to be counted among the 11 women from all over the world.
Dr Nyampiga said they would travel to various prisons in the United States to learn about the condition of the prison so that they could persevere in their work in the country.
Dr Nyampinga said that their work requires courage and that they are happy that others have seen their activities.
Speaking at the assembly, the secretary of the State of International Relations, Mihael Pompeo, said the work done by these two women is appreciative and calls for courage.
The project was canceled in the last four decades.
They have not yet received this prize from Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Nioragua, Pakistan, Syria, Yemen, and Zimbabwe.
Mr Pompey acknowledged the importance of this activity because it allows women to use it to promote success in all parts of the world.
Speaking on this assembly, the Chief Executive Officer of the United States, Melania Trump, said she is excited about the role of women around the world in the private sector.
Mr Pompey said he encountered women chosen to be rehearsed for the past four years, and for the past four years, women have been repeatedly encountered with women performing marvels around the globe. * There are many difficulties that they encounter while engaging in this work, but they do not give up.
Dr Nyampinga announced that he embarked on the struggle for personal success three decades ago.
If we dismiss his team, Ms. Nyampinga is a member of the Women Coalition Of Zimbabwe, rises in Zimbabwe Coalition, Women Aademy on PoliticalLeadership Exoellenoe and Women and Aids Support Network.
Other Zimbabwean women have also acquired such valuable assets as Ms. na Williams, Ms. Wagadonga Mahlangu, Ms. na Mukoko and Ms. Beatrio Mtetwa.
The Ministry of Health stated that she had asked South Africa to investigate the virus from Corona on Tuesday.
His study of Zimbabwe indicates that it is not true. South Africa’s National Institute of Omuniwa Disease has experts in the northern part of South Africa to determine whether a person has the Coronavirus or not.
The woman was in the Wilkins Hospital of Harare. Dr Portia Manangazira, a medical specialist, predicted that in five days the mother would be diagnosed with the disease or not.
The assembly of small vessels and ships from the ZUPCO company has reduced the number of passengers to traffic, resulting in an increase in the number of passengers to the port despite the country’s struggle to destroy COVID-19.
Many people are suffering during their trips, especially during the nights when they have to struggle with the few vessels there.
The government has issued legislation to restrict the spread of COVID-19, and only ZUPCO ships have been used to transport passengers.
But ships are reluctant to go to work, since ZUPCO does not pay their bills quickly.
On Monday, private ships supervisors met with the ZUPCO Commander to try to erase any problems that the drivers ’ wages are very well-paying.
On Tuesday, it was ordered that the ships meet with government officials to correct the attack.
studio 7 has also failed to understand ZUPCO’s feelings about repairing the expensive ships.
But the Chancellor of Harare Residents Turst, Preoious Shumba, proclaimed that the government must settle the traveling affairs in a short period of time before negotiations break down.
According to Lions, the government has to take police and military personnel to the ships in order to obey the regulations regulated for the spread of the disease.
Health workers are also called upon to check HIV or COVID-19.
The management of Bulawayo’s corporations and other corporations met with the concerns of the city’s authorities about the impact of the floodwaters. This incident took place over a period of time.
The Chief Executive Officer of associationfor Business in Zimbabwe (ABuz), Viotor Nyoni, declared that the floodwaters have destroyed their because the workers need water for their.
Mr. Nyoni indicates that the Kansere officials he met have assured them that they will get enough water during the preceding week. The Kansere officials say they will steal their work this week.
For two weeks the inhabitants of Bulawayo were unable to access water despite the fact that the Kansere was preparing the water.
As a result, the source of water is reduced.
Mr. Nyoni says we are well-known that the city of Bulawayo has already existed for more than a hundred years and that the plumbing system has already existed.
He called the government and Kansere to take steps to resolve the problem once and for all.
studio 7 failed to listen to Kansere's pleasures.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Associationa, represented by the doctors with their equipment, announced that after meeting the president on Wednesday, they are waiting to hear the president Emmerson M Fraagwa.
The treasurer at the assembly, Dr. Prince Butau, is expecting to hear something from Mr. M algagwa on Thursday or Friday.
Mr. M algagwe, who was resting, came immediately to settle the case of the rebellious doctors.
The hospital’s number has been shattered since doctors put their equipment there on their first day of infancy.
But the Chief Executive Officer of the Community Working Group on Health, Mr. Ittai Rusike, announced that the government should settle any problems quickly and provide medical assistance before negotiations break down.
A Zimbabwean in South Africa is performing a demonstration at the Groote Solo Hospital in apape Town, where the Vice President, onstantino, is receiving medical attention.
Mr. crowned was taken to another country in South Africa to cure his illness, but studio 7 had no evidence that he was in a major hospital in South Africa.
The Minister of Public Relations Monioa Mutsvangwa and the Minister of Public Relations, Niok Mangwana, say they don’t say anything about the day George haramba was arrested after a conversation with 7 people in Zimbabwe.
But studio 7 was unable to argue with Haramba that it is true that a nurse in the hospital is receiving treatment.
Another group of Zimbabwean exhibitioners, named Arloshimbi, who lives in the town of apei Town, joined the Zimbabwean exhibition.
He assured him that the Vice Chancellor had violated the rights of disabled persons in the country, knowing that if he got sick, he would go abroad for medical attention.
She said she was happy that she had been able to say these things to the hospital when the director of the hospital asked her to speak but did not say whether Mr. was in the hospital or not.
he acknowledged that the head of the headquarters had told him that it was illegal to talk about patients who would come to the hospital without the hospital.
During the past year, the doctors dismissed their equipment, and the public was upset that the doctors were unemployed, but the government did not have a realistic plan to eradicate the existing health-care problems.
The Groote Sunkhurr Hospital is the world’s first heart operation.
The MP has been urged by the police to discontinue their long-awaited larger assembly at the time of that assembly and that their President, Nelson Hamisa, will announce the year’s scandals of the party.
Toward the end of their hometown meeting in Harare, the assistant spokesman for the Midianites, Luke tamborinyoka, said the police have set their big assembly on and watch over the school that is opening.
amborinyoka said the assembly will not be held tomorrow because I love the party and do not want the police to attack their supporters.
He pointed out that the police clearly want to confront their supporters as they did when the party decided to demonstrate the whole country.
He announced that the assembly that was to be held at the Ms Musodzi Hall in Mbare on Tuesday the following week, he will announce the location of the assembly.
Mr. Tamboinyoka acknowledged that I've been tired of being identified as a political party and of being concerned about breaking the law or changing their policies.
We could not hear anything from the Zimbabwe police spokesman Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi because his ancient phonograph had disappeared.
Political analyst Masimba Kuohera summoned studio 7 for suspecting that the authorities are violating the rights of the applicants.
According to him, last year, the ZRP insisted on preventing a demonstration in the city of the country. It is said they are afraid that the demonstration will lead to violence as it did at the end of the year.
This year the Nobel peace Award has been awarded to Ethiopia’s Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed. Norway for the award.
He was punished for the peace he brought between his country and Eritrea at the time when the oil was between them some two decades ago.
The first black person to receive this award was Albert Luthuli from South Africa in 1960.
These included Nelson Mandela from South Africa, Anwar Sedat from Egypt, and Kofi Annan from Ghana.
These include Arhbishop Desmond Tutu, Liberia President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Wangari Maathai of Kenya (the first woman from Africa to receive the award).
The prime minister of Zimbabwe, Morgan Tsvangirai, was dismissed, and those who could accept the award in 201ll were also unable to accept the award.
Dr. Pedzisayi Ruhanya of Univeristy of Johannesburg has declared that the President Emmerson Mnangagwa has a considerable number to be drawn from Ahmed’s leadership.
Many elephants and livestock are dying in Hwange National Park because of famine and thirst, and the government is launching a plan to prevent the elephants from dying.
At studio 7 in Hwamge National Park, we found several elephants dying of starvation and thirst.
Tinashe Pharawo, a spokesman for Zimbabwe’s Parks and Wildlife Management Authority (ZimParks) said in studio 7, the number of elephants that have been killed since the month has increased by eighty-five and the number of species that have been starving during the year.
The Pharaohs added that besides the famine, the loss of food and water has resulted in the loss of many elephants and animals.
One elephant will need about 200 kg of food and about two gallons of water and more.
Today, ZimParks claims that there are about 45,000 elephants in the area.
According to ZimParks, the number is not accurate, and they are doing so in an attempt to sell elephants.
Lenin alisaira, Advoyaates4Earth, admits that the death of the elephants and other animals is a result of famine and is among those who do not believe in the Zim Park list.
According to Hisaira, the government’s decision to have treasure mines eradicated in the area and to announce the lack of such activity in the area, resulting in food shortages for the animals of Hwange National Park.
However, Mr. Pharawo acknowledged that caregivers have responded to the proposal that they disagree with the idea that the elephants and the animal creatures in the area have gone to heaven as a result of the good work being done by its agents.
Zimbabwe and some native countries in the northeastern part of the country, including Botswana, insist that the International onenvention on the Trade at Endagered allow their elephants to be sold as their number moves forward. This trend has created an increasing threat to animal and human safety.
This year alone, these animals have killed three thirds of people.
At the ITS conference in Geneva, Switzerland, on the month of June, the team declined to remove the tabonnades of the opposite sex.
The head of the Safari Operators Association of Zimbabwe, Emmanuel Fundira, said it would be necessary for ITES and those who struggle for the welfare of animals to identify the problems caused by the huge number of elephants in Zimbabwe and other countries.
The Minister of Climate Change and Tourism, Nqobizitha Ndlovu, told Studi 7 that the government is trying to collaborate with other countries to support the ITES.
They also said the elephants could be transported by means of transportation to other countries of the ITES.
Hwange National Park was opened in 1928 and is the largest in the country.
The habitat of the beasts is more than ten thousand-quarters square miles [14,000 sq km ] long and the number of elephants 2000 began.
The secretary-general of the Footballers Union of Zimbabwe, FUZ, Paul Gundani, died on Wednesday afternoon in Kwekwe. He was sick for a short time.
The exact origin of the death has not yet been identified.
Fuz has that Gundani died at Topomasi Private Hospital in Kwekwe.
The team says a huge hole has been formed through death and it is unlikely that anything will happen because the players were supported with a sincere heart.
The Gundman, who played the team for Zisandro Steel, who returned to the Young Warriors, continued to play for the time of the Warriors, known as the “Dream Team” of Reinard Fabisuroh.
FUZ’s advertising office, Marlene Gadzirayi, announced that she was surprised to learn that Gundani was missing.
“I remember with them not long ago when we were thinking about how to go on, but now I hear that they are missing, but I don’t know what Mr. Gundani did.”
Mrs. Gadzirayi says the country’s biggest soccer player has been lost. Mrs. Gadzirayi added that she has not heard anything about Mr. Gundani and is waiting to hear the burial time from the family.
The Zimbabwe Football Association has asserted that they are saddened by the Gundarian death and that they will support the family in all funeral arrangements.
Zifa Communications Officer Xolisani Gwesele said the Gundani death is a national tragedy and that it is hard to find someone who loves it.
“Pace does not belong to Paul Gundani”, Gwesela wrote in the Zifa hate technology.
The commander, Robert Mugabe, was unable to be taken to his house in Zyimba, where his wife, Grace Mugabe, was sick.
Some of the relatives say the corpse will come to Zyimba on Monday.
Thousands await the funeral of prime minister Mugabe today in Zyimba this afternoon.
The spokesman for the Mugabe family, the Mugabe’s grandfather Leo Mugabe, announced that the corpse of Mugabe has been discovered today and that he does not know why it has been sent by King Zyimba.
Leo Mugabe said the corpse would come home early in the morning.
But King Katizagombo, also known as Gibsonenami, claims that the corpse does not get Zyimba as desired because Mrs. Grace Mugabe was sick.
King Katizogombo added that the corpse would be in the government until the burial day.
But this is the contrary to what Leo Mugabe said you will have the body of your family until it is ready to complete the precious burial in it.
The President Mugabe has reversed the uncertain arrangement with the compassion of the majority of people, whether the body of Mugabe will appear or not in the third day of burial.
Leo Mugabe said the corpse of Mugabe was to be in Zyimba on one day and later to be brought to Harare, where it was to be buried.
Leo Mugabe announced that there was a need in one place at the house of President Mugabe in Harare.
One of the members of the MDC-T Non-governmental Parliament, who is spearheading Nelson’s death in Zyimba today, Lloyd Tarupe of Banket, who was arrested for nine months after his refusal to go to court, said they came to see if President Mugabe was really dead.
Mr. Mugabe’s funeral project has impressed many in the country. It is believed that Mr. Mugabe’s death was the result of a report he had taken while sitting in a courtyard.
Mr. Mugabe died in Singapore in the ninth month and on the sixth day after a long period of illness.
The Joint Teachers Association of the Amalgamted Rural Teachers Union or ARTUZ in Zimbabwe says, according to one of its directors, Godfrey ’ s royal court, the investigation led him to a two-hour strike by the police, which no man was aware of.
However, the Handa, who is one of ARTUZ’s consciousnesses, has been released in the Central Region when she was insisted not to meet with the Gweru warrior.
According to ARTUZ’s Chancellor Obert Masaraure, the removal of the kingdom due to the strike of the protesters turned into a period of less than two days.
According to Masaraure, some of the party is also rebelling in order to support the party.
The presentation ended on Wednesday.
But Masaraure said the assembly will be held after the uprising and the proposed action will be adopted.
We have not met the inspector general, Mrs. Sekai Nzenza, and have asked the government how to handle the matter, but he does not use his old phone.
The $ Platinum from AF Champions League has caused many people to ask questions about Zimbabwe's soccer.
Meanwhile, Forg Platinum will not be able to compete with Esperanny, who has eight children, or with Horoya Athletiya, who has seven children. They defeated their own home and other countries in Horoya. It is the first game to ensure that the whole team is equal.
For the first time, Fong Platinum has won only one prize out of four games, so the final prize is being won for the glorious spectator Spenoroer Mushambadope.
The Mushambadope says they have no results in the rest of the game.
Last year, the first part of the contest was won by the same team. Angola Primeiro de August was released after Lunda had again invaded them in their home.
In the second and seventh millenniums, theaps United won the battle against the eight parties, and they are not included in the fact that Al Ahli Tripoli of Lybia compelled them for four debts to be heard in their own home.
In the same year, Ngezi Platinum Stars, who were replacing Zimbabwe for the onfederation, began the first part of the game when Angola Libolo defeated them.
In the first half of the two thousand and sixteen years, Harare Citya survived the same contest in the first half. Zanao in Zambia compelled them to survive one of the two at Rufaro Stadium and finish 3-1 in Zambia.
This means that the local soccer team cannot stand in front of the other African soccer team just as Dinamos in previous years had successfully won the final championship of the Champions League in the first half of a millennium and in the second half of a year and in the second half of a year.
Unfortunately, F. Platinum has won only one prize in four games, not one. In addition, six prize in four games.
The question is, if a team is defeating all the Zimbabwean soccer team and demonstrating this struggle in Africa, what is being said of the country’s soccer?
Tinashe Musebi, a leading advocate of the United Football Club, says, as a result of the decline, there is a great need for stimulation before the Zimbabwe Football Clubs become youths to Lesotho, Botswana, and Swaziland.
The Olympic team cannot compete in Africa because all the players who were helped to save the cities are going abroad, especially South Africa while competing in Africa.
Last year, Fong Platinum lost Gerald Takmara, Elvis ahipezeze, and Talent’s scourge, which was defeated during the year in Rodwell’s champion of Baroka.
However, John Hikohi, who led the Lengthens Football team for the Premier Souler League, said Zimbabwe must continue its championship in the country in order to ensure that the parties can pay their respective wages that will prevent them from traveling to South Africa and Zambia.
Meanwhile, Zimbabwe has only two basketball games, the Manchester Premier League and the Superhigh. The final year of Zifa's battle is two and five thousand years.
The football champion Musa Masepe says Zimbabwe has no soccer prize and some people want to play music or anything other than their salary.
If this continues, it will be a long time before the National Football Clubs will be able to compete with the other Abibiman.
The election for the Democratic Party in the U.S. election for the President in October has been disrupted since its final election for New York Mayor Mihohael Bloomberg.
Bloomberg, who has become very wealthy, refused to take sides in a by-election election on the proposed election by RePublican’s spokesman Donald Trump.
Mr. Bloomberg announced in October 2020 that they were in the party. He advertised it with more than $400M. That money belongs to them.
The chairman did not take sides in by-election in Iowa and New Hampshire. nor did he take sides in by-election in Navada and South Arolina, when the election will be held at the time of the 14th district elections to represent the Democratic Party party in the election.
After Bloomberg decided to take office, the party’s deceit, such as Bernie Sanders representing Vermont on the screen and Elizabeth Warren representing Massahusetts on the screen, began to question her history.
Speaking at the upcoming Nevada congressional assembly, Mr. Sanders said in order to win Mr. Trump, his party needs someone who can gather more armies than has ever been in the history of AmErica.
Mr. Sanders said Mr. Bloomberg is a well-known man in New York and I will take the initiative to convict him and to examine the Negro- Latinos, which he did not do well. Mr. Sanders said this initiative has not helped many to vote for Trump in October.
But Bloomberg rejected Mr. Sanders, claiming that Mr. Sanders, who is spearheading the election, has been appointed president of the Democratic Party’s election in Mr. Trump for the next four years.
The political analyst Frank Guni, a member of the Zanu PF, said it is clear that Sanders and Bloomberg are directly involved in the struggle. It is clear that Sanders now had more supporters.
Guni says, in his mind, Bloomberg and Sanders have to take sides in the President’s election so that they can win Trump.
Some who have taken sides in the Democratic Party party say: Baraok Obama’s defense was deceitful, it affected Biden; the Minnesota senator Amy Klobuhohar and I will be old in South Bend in Indiana and the governor of Pete Buttigieg.
The Democratic Party has 3,979 dligetes, and to be elected to take the lead in the President’s election, a person must have 1,990 dlegates.
Adding to the d ’ligetes is the unusual d ’ligates that will have 4,750 d ’ligates and 2,200 d ’ligates for the Democratic assembly in the month of Ourwonsa.
Many people go to banks early in the morning with the prospect of entering the largest bank in the world, but their plans have failed.
Studies conducted by studio 7 at banks in Harare, Bulawayo, district, Masvingo, Mutare, Gweru and other cities indicate that there are no other banks and that most banks have not already been able to pay the people.
Eossam Marwira, a member of the bank, said he had been waiting the same amount for a day since he had been informed in the news that a new fund was being donated.
Mr. Marwira said it was very important for him to buy money on the market and said people like him might be able to get money from a bank.
A man who purchases and sells money on the market and does not want to be named after it told studio 7 that he was looking at the new money but that he didn't see anything.
The RBZ, the mother bank, recently announced that it will introduce a new budget, which they believe will reduce the country’s poverty.
The Governor of the RBZ, John Mangudya, has announced that he will bring about $2M in vengeance and the equivalent of $ 2.5 in vengeance today.
The Bankers Association of Zimbabwe’s Chief Banker, Webster Rusere, said the decision was made to determine whether any of the banks had obtained the money and that it was only RBZ.
The mismanagement of the economy has led to controversy in the country. Some say it will help people who are grieving over money, but others say it is an example of punishment.
Zimbabwean survivors of South Africa were shocked at the burning of debt suspected of being one of South African citizens who did not want foreigners to work.
The South African minister of police, Bheki Jele; the minister of travel,fikile Mbalula; and the Minister of traffic, Thulas Nxesi, hold meetings with truck drivers. Those looking for jobs and employers warned them not to punish those burning trucks.
Jele warned drivers of large ships that the fires will save them because they are ruining the economy.
But after a two-hour talk, there was a huge debt in N2 in Durban.
A spokesman for the police, Superinendent Parboo Sewpersad, announced the construction of a new ship.
At the end of the week, eight ships, mostly unwanted by the Zimbabweans, were set on fire in KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng.
The President of Zimbabwe’s Exiles Forum, Gabriel Shumba, said they have built ships on the SA track and have closed roads.
Speaking on behalf of the Exemption Permits of South Africa Zimbabwe, Edward Mu Muohatuta said that after that incident, he and other drivers were also protesting to invite the government to come into the case.
One of the drivers, George Nanyika, has called for a conversation.
Davie Munadafa, another driver, also said she was afraid of losing her life.
Undawafa went on to say that most drivers do not know about their future.
South Africa's Chief of Police, Bheki Jele, warned that the police will launch an aggressive campaign against the bombers.
The incident, Lions says to studio 7, has been the case with the fact that South Africa’s citizens have already declared that citizens of other countries are not immigrants.
Shumba has also accused the media of failing to give public attention to the case.
Lions added that their company has sent a letter to the foreign agencies in South Africa and Zimbabwe asking them to work together to solve the problem.
Dewa Mavhinga, the director of the Human Rights Watongh District of the North Africa, criticized this statement and advised any passenger to stay at night.
The country’s economic downturn is driving Zimbabweans to work in South Africa. This has resulted in chaos because South Africa’s citizens are speaking of foreigners as unemployed.
The court ordered that the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ association President Dr. Peter Magombeyi be ordered to go to South Africa to obtain medical treatment after being beaten and beaten by individuals on the tenth of the month.
The United States is also offering Zimbabwe $42M to buy food for a million people from the preceding month to May 2020
villagers in Gwanda in the southern part of Matabeleland told studio 7 that there is no significant growth here during the government’s era and that private sectors are doing well.
The president of the United States, Donald Trump, will address the United Nations party in New York.
I love the leaders and Harare Citykansere are gathering together to find ways to deal with the city's water crisis.
In the evening session entitled The eight o ’ clock on LiveTalk, we discuss how young people can contribute to the economy of the country so that the young people are not going out of the country to be struggling with a better life in other countries to deal with harassment from foreigners.
If you would like to hear of this activity or to send STUDY 7 farewell. — whatsoever.
If you want to listen to studio 7, you will have our time at about seven o ’ clock in the morning, 4930; 6040; and 15460 kilohots per day in Short Wave.
Studios 7 can be heard at six o ’ clock, Monday through Friday at 909am, 49 30, 7270 and 9885 in Short Wave.
Zimbabwe and the world over joined the International Women’s Day, in which many women are saying they are often pressured because the authorities in the country don’t care about them or give them the same rights.
While Zimbabwe’s highest law guarantees equality between women and men, many of the women we spoke to indicate that they are not interested in government, political institutions, religious institutions, or organizations to see this happen.
The MP, who is also a lawyer, Mrs. essy Maéome, told studio 7 that women are at the highest level of stress in the country because of this man-made breakdown.
It is said there is a great privilege for the nation to keep the boundaries between men and women if they obey the law.
The President of Zimbabwe’s Women Lawyers Association, Abigail Matsvai, told studio 7 that this is a very important day in which government officials are urged to obey the law that guarantees equal rights for men and women.
One of the members of the Women’s Committee, Mrs. Tsungirai Hungwe-himbunde, said before studio 7 that a clear education will be needed in order to teach people the value of equal rights between men and women.
he says his ministry is working hard to communicate with various political parties and to give women the opportunity to participate in the election so that the majority of women can take sides.
The main theme of this year is Think Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for oneness.
Mr. Maeome points out that according to the main issue, the election question has to use its power to help men and women gain equal numbers in the 2023 elections.
Mrs Matsvai has also supported this reform committee in the leadership capacity.
Mr. Maeome added that women must join them in fighting and inviting men to join them.
He added it is clear that the majority of the men in the party are reluctant to leave and that is why they are fighting with the women there.
International Women’s Day is celebrated on the eighth day of the year. It is celebrated on the eighth day of the International Women’s Day, and it is celebrated on the eighth day of the year for women to have access to men.
The initiative of this government-inspired program was held in Gokwe in the Midlands area and was held by various agencies in one place after another. The leadership of MDya, Nelson Hamisa, also held inhitungwiza.
Proclaimers, including the Zimbabwe Human Right Commission, also declared that it is difficult for women to move because of economic restrictions.
Zimbabwe’s peace Prroject also introduced their presentation as a campaign against the intolerance of the people, especially during the nationwide demonstration.
Children who are unemployed are being sentenced to work forty-eight hours because their rebellion is illegal.
Justice Rodgers Manyangadze and Lawrenoe Murasi have given doctors two days to go to work.
The court also answered that the dispute between the doctors and the government has been granted two weeks to resolve the dispute.
The Vice Chancellor of Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ associationkrakye, Dr. Masimba Ndoro, says the doctors are not entitled to work despite the fact that the court ruled.
studio 7 asked her if they didn't have enough to lose their job if they didn't have enough to go to work. Dr. Ndoro said they had to do all they had to do and go to work.
The Supreme Court of Zimbabwe’s Hospital Doctors’ Assembly, Doug ooltart, has also disagreeed with the proposal of the Supreme Court.
he added that if the doctors want to, he has the right to go to court on the basis of the decision.
studio 7 has failed to grasp the opinions of the Minister of Health, Dr. Obadiah Mayo and Health Service Board.
The doctors put their equipment in place on the third day of their claim to have no work to do.
The doctors who go to work wear the room last Thursday without saying that their salary and the hospital condition are bad.
The U.S. government has announced that it has destroyed the province of Nepal and that it will continue to torment the people in the area.
Speaking to studio 7 of the U.S. ambassador’s office in the country, the director-general of USAID, Jason Taylor, said, they and his agencies are engaged in negotiations to build roads and build houses that have been destroyed, aiming to feed people to save their lives.
Taylor acknowledged that the downturn in the province of Manioaland was so severe that the Zimbabwe government could not solve it alone.
Taylor, who visited the province of Manioaland and delivered food to them, claims to have been surprised to see people in the province trembling.
He said the children he saw were saddened. He declared that it is important for people in Maniyaaland to have such items as food and shelter as well as to help them find refreshment.
The chieftains and thehipinge, according to Taylor, were not identified with those who said they were unable to get support from the government because of their party.
The government of Zimbabwe, on the other hand, will send experts to Zimbabwe to determine when and where the storm will occur and to protect man and property.
Since the Idai set up, the United States has given Zimbabwe $2.6M.
The government of Zimbabwe, the United Nations and NG Os have launched a campaign to provide $60M in exchange for the elephant Idai.
It is estimated that 300,000 people in the province of Maniwaaland are in need and that 129,00 are children.
Nine districts have been destroyed by Idai, a hundred and a third of schools have been destroyed, leaving 90,000 students homeless.
The government says 300 were numbered, and 399 were killed.
They are expecting the population to increase.
Some patients say they are accepting medical treatment abroad because child-care ministers are rebellious and heavily threatened to die in infirm hospitals.
Studies conducted by studio 7 indicate that some patients are traveling to countries such as South Africa, Botswana, and Zambia to obtain medical treatment through child-care institutions.
One of the patients with whom we spoke in Parirenyatwa, Mrs. Molline, said she often comes to the hospital to get treatment but nothing goes on.
Miss Hindove said she is going to South Africa to receive treatment because she fears that she will be killed when her legs fall in the water.
One of her relatives, Fona Mu Muhabaiwa, said she had nothing to do with taking her to Zambia tomorrow for medical attention. And she said it was expensive.
Studies conducted by studio 7 indicate that the country’s health-care facilities are becoming stressed, and more people are struggling to get out of the country’s health-care facilities for private nursing services.
Wilbert Kasanze said he had taken his wife from the hospital for treatment at a private hospital inhitungwiza.
Kasanze says every truck has lost all its money from the hiker to thehitungwiza.
Health Services Board has announced that children who are neglected will return to work as soon as possible.
The assembly, in turn, invited all the rebels to postpone their jobs and return their licenses if they wanted to work.
This is due to the comments by deputy president onstantino crown, urging all the rebels to stop their activities.
However, the Zimbabwe Doctors for Human Rights says the government has dismissed custody officials as illegal since custody officials do not have licenses.
Lionel Messi, a football player for Argentina, and the Barcelona Football Club in Spain to play for the country of Argentina anymore when he could not take a cup.
Chelsea made this statement when he denounced the AmErica game in the United States, which Argentina won in the final soccer game after the invasion took over the cup. It was the second time Argentina won the cup.
Argentina was attacked on Sunday after Francisko Silva played the soccer game, and Argentina's Sergio Romero failed to control it.
The two nations fought right after no one sat before the 82,000 in East Rutherford in New York.
All the Am Erica protests are in North and South Am Erica.
During the last three years, Argentina won a pottery in the Intercontinent during the round-trip battle, but Argentina won 4-2 in the panaatis.
Chelsea then appealed to Tylo Sports press to play the ball for Argentina again because he could not take the cup even though it was his dream.
Messi is twenty-nine years old.
Barcelona won the Champions League cup for four, but Argentina won’t win either the championship of AmErica or the World championship.
Some patients in Bulawayo are not being cured in the city’s public hospital because of the strike of doctors over the past four days.
When studio 7 arrived at the Mpilo hospital, some patients with serious illnesses, such as pregnant women with crippled babies, were allowed to go home.
One woman named Mr. Dlamini and studio, Mr. Dlamini, talked to him about the development of her swollen legs, and they told her that they could not see a doctor and that she should go home.
We want to talk to Mr. Leonard Mabande, the director-general of the hospital, but he says we have spoken to Zolani Ndlovu, the chief executive of the bank, because he claims that he has a lot of work and that he cannot talk to him now.
The facilities at the hospital in the United Bulawayo have been closed to the facilities where patients are allowed to go home. Dr Naraisaus Dzvanga, the Chief Executioner of the hospital, has announced that the hospital no longer welcomes patients except those who are severely ill.
According to Zimbabwe’s Hospital Doctors Association spokesman, Dr. Mthabisi bak bak bak bak bak bak bak bak bak bak baker, doctors are still using their equipment despite the government’s obligation to go to work. They say they have not heard anything from the government.
Dr Ndlovu lists a failing number at the hospital for the reason that they are unemployed is that they have no chemicals and the necessities of life.
studio 7 cannot complain to Dr Obadiah Moyo, the minister of health, because they have not heard the government’s propaganda on the matter.
But Dr Moyo’s deputy, Dr. John Mangwiro, reprimanded studio 7 on the phone that it is now impossible to preach because they are not in the country. The Ministry’s secretary, Dr. Gerald Gwini, was also incapable of speaking to us personally.
Doroas Sibanda, a member of Parliament for Bulawayo Metropolitan province, was speaking to studio 7 when he declared that the strike of the doctors had taken place for some time, and it is sad that the government has neglected to see some people lose their lives.
Public doctors disposed of their equipment on Saturday, and most of them were in the public hospital as counselors.
Barry Daka, a coworker and playwright for the Highlanders, has died in his late teens after a brief illness.
His daughter Lorraine reprimanded studio 7 that her father forfeited it today at their home in Barbourfield.
He said he was sick on Sunday when a concert was started at Barbourfields Stadium, and he was believed to have been killed by a plague.
The Highlanders congressed on Twitter that they were saddened by the death and added that they were weeping for their relatives and others.
The club pointed out that Mr. Daka embarked on his campaign in 1986 and seized several cups including the Independence congress, the congress Trophy, the Rothmans Shield, and the Net Brew congress.
Mr. Daka has not yet organized funeral arrangements for the court.
The chief musician, Thomas Mapfumo, says he will be among Zimbabwean protests against their president Robert Mugabe at the United Nations General Assembly in New York the following month.
Mr. Mapfumo said it is important for Zimbabweans to show that they are dissatisfied with the situation in their country and that if the number is poor, it is up to the citizenry to demonstrate.
Mr. Mapfumo says he will not give up during the demonstration and will cooperate with the people of Zimbabwe to announce to the world headquarters, Mugabe that there must be a change of number in the country.
Mapfumo told studio 7 that “I am a mosquito but in New York I will join others in protesting the corruption and oppression imposed by the Mugabe government in Zimbabwe.
We are looking forward to the participation of the #Thisflag, headed by the minister Evans Mawarie, the Taamuka Association of West Africa Unity Square, the NG Os and the supporters of Zimbabwe’s party.
Attendance will include Patson Dzamara, the younger brother of Ittai Dzamara, a warrior who lost his last year.
The Amalgamated Rural Teachers of Zimbabwe (ARTUZo) indicates that there has not been any interchange between their government and teachers to solve problems with teachers.
Obert Masaure, the leader of ARTUZ, explained that studio 7 is not interested in finding students who do not earn enough to supplement their education, especially the poor teachers.
Since the teachers are unpaid for themselves and their relatives, said Masaraure, they are writing resignation to find a new job.
We cannot listen to the minister of education, Professor Paul Mavhima.
As the year Ahinime has been set aside around the world to announce women’s cancer cases, the association of Zimbabwe has not said they are suspected of being ignorant of the disease in the country.
According to the leadership of the Association, cancer sufferers are expected to consult psychiatrists before consulting volunteers to help care for cancer sufferers.
Priscilla Mangwiro, an association of Zimbabwe’s colleagues, has announced that patients who have developed the disease should consult professional cancer practitioners for medical treatment.
Mrs. Mangwiro points out that it is important for people from time to time to go to the hospital to check their bodies to see if they have been diagnosed with cancer in secret, especially patients with cancer.
Mrs. Mangwiro claims that the cancer of the population is the second-largest disease in Zimbabwe.
Mr. Mangwiro said from the start of the first of the Ahinime Census campaigns, his company has been using more than half of women to make sure that they have the disease or not. The number will rise until the end of the month.
After hearing about the activities of the Associated Zimbabwe, a woman named Gertrude Magwaniza announced that she had taken her daughter there and that her partner was diagnosed with cancer.
Mrs. Mangwira says a number of herbs are responsible for female cancers.
Mrs. Mangwira announced that they should be alert to changes in the women’s population. They will thus be able to determine whether they have cancer or not.
Mrs. Mangwiro said most women think that they will die if they have cancer, but more is needed to keep women alive.
Mrs. Mangwiro claims that one of the causes of cancer is an abundance of oily and sugary foods.
Mrs. Mangwiro has advised women to use this opportunity to make sure that they have cancer or that they do not have it, and to give them knowledge about the treatment.
More than five thousand people are infected each year, and most of the people will be visited by a catastrophic disease.
The government’s Petroleum Authority, Petertrade, says that if the government decides how to buy or buy oil, it will never go away.
Speaking of the Parliament’s oil policy, President of Petrotrade deceived Godfrey Nubes and declared that it would be possible if the company was given the opportunity to buy or sell oil according to its own wishes.
Mr. Nnub acknowledged that this would increase the cost of the country, but it is the only solution to the problem.
Mr Nnube announced that the government’s oil market is being expected to drop in the country’s oil markets and that in the future more oil will be available.
Mr N N Nnube claims that the government’s example of recovering oil was that during the past six months, 50 million liters of oil had been sold, but during the previous year, only 33 million liters of oil had been sold.
When asked how he would repair the recovery of oil, the recorder for fire fighters, Gloria Magombo, said the problem should not be solved with the recovery of the nation’s silver resources.
He also claims that when the problem is solved, the whole country needs more than just its institutions.
Mr. Magombo is expressing his intention to buy oil with simmery, as the governor of the Central Bank, John Mangudya, announced that it will indicate the quantity of oil that your truck consumed, and he announced that it was unplanned for the COVID-19.
Mrs. Magombo announced that she could not predict the timetable, even though Mr. Mangudya said in the past month he had hoped that the month of May would not end and that the debt could be used as stated.
Parliament has thus become embittered, and it has been announced that fire fighters are not responsible for their work. As has been said by Mrs. Magombo, the company of fire fighters today, most of the areas of the country where the fuel is consumed, are purchased with the equivalent of the Am ERica dollar.
The Commission declared that it is concerned that oil spills are affecting the number of miners in the country.
On Saturday the Zimbabuians celebrated their thirty-day festival of freedom from black-and-white slavery
This African liberation offered the prospect of one day enjoying the white liberation
But after 40 years of independence in the country, things were worse than if they did not even have jobs to support their family
They fear what they are doing or what the future holds for them
Health problems are far worse than the state expected of them
On the other hand, those who are working regularly are on their way to the highways.
President Emmerson Mnanagwa, who was introduced into 2017 and who was disfellowshipped by the army by President Robert Mugabe, has caused public insecurity
But some of them do not deliberately dismiss the threat of losing control
So for the past 40 years, the party of ZanuPF has done nothing for the nation
The president of the North Amrka of Zanu ’ s party says Regis harumbira that their party has accomplished so much that the blacks are authorized either to be a member of their party or not
Mr. Churumbira said his party has completed the investigation of those who have obtained and who have not obtained a farm farm farm
But Timothy Muringai, assistant secretary-general of the MDC-T north Amérika party, failed to keep his promise.
They do not say that for years in business, in health, in business, most people live at home
For 18 years, Attorney Ntabazinduna Nusanhlay utilwe Ndihan has appealed to the court order of the Supreme Court for a change of judgment
Ishe and 23 persons were robbed of the walls of Feti Mbele who wanted to leave the province of Ntabazinduna
This is what leads to the conflagration of Mbele’s wife, who has been named after her sister. Nonarrangelo Mpengesi
The lawyer of Lord Ndihm, Dumisani Dube, told studio 7 that the judge should respect the kings of his successor-general
The famous musician Thomas Mukanya Mapfumo says he is expecting a song to appear this month when their equipment is destroyed
This work in Eugene, Oregon of the Americas named Traokdown Studios. Dr. Mapfumo told studio 7 that only 7 of his 15 songs had survived
The chairman of Heal Zimbabue, Rashid Mahiya, has been ordered to have a Bael to be tried at home
Mahiya, who is in prison, is in charge of his fiancée, but the authorities are unable to complete the work on paper
The prosecuting attorney of the Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Tonderayi Bhatasara, told studio 7 that the prosecutor had obtained his passports along with the $ 1,000 ransom
“We have taken the hearing of the court because we are expecting the hearing of the court will be lifted. Bhatasara told AFP’s studio 7
Among those arrested, Mahiya took the initiative to shoot the government
Speaking to the secretary of Zimbabwe ’ s Medical Center, Saokooe tirisa, she said she had received a letter from her doctor, Paninho, urging her to postpone her job
Mrhirisa, a practitioner general, said that there has been a lot of work for doctors, since the doctors are on the tracks.
For the success of the project, sayshrisa, the young doctors need to come to work
Speaking on Mr.hirisa, he said that there are approximately 533 doctors who refuse medical care in the hospitals
The secretary-general of Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctors Assembly, Mthabisi Anele dedi dedi dedi dedi said that he is not interested in what the former president, onstantino, said the young doctors are missing in school
The girl who said those words was supposed to have a friendly discussion with the government about the doctors who lived in the house and the nurses who lived in the house
Many of their actions have been criticized when dealing with armies.
The doctors said the government should give them clothes and clothes to use while they are working and pay them back.
The government, however, insisted that they have no money to do what they were saying
They have been able to hear what the minister of health, Mr. Obadiah Moyo, is saying when he arrives at the convention.
The labor court has disrupted the government ’ s policy of refusing to send any documents
Doug ’ toltart, a lawyer for Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctor ’ s association in Labor, claims that the Health Services Board,HSB, has not yet received good documents and that the case cannot be settled
The court orderedHSB ’ s attorney to work on the missing documents on Wednesday
But the doctors say that they are going to court to try to get back to work
The former vice president of the Association, Masiba Ndoro, said that his business needs to be paid on a daily basis
The doctors went to the 3rd railroad, asking them to use weapons
The chief doctors of Zimbabwe ’ s Senior Hospital Doctors ’ association also went to the strains on Thursday, who were also underpaid and underpaid
The doctors who were taking it to the hospital said it is a fact that doctors would go to work without the use of clothes
The doctors also defended the government for paying 60 percent for misunderstandings
At the same time, two doctors, said by the University of Zimbabwe, have been removed, and some have been forced to leave their jobs.
Dr. Bothwell ’ s Mbuvayesango has also been drafted and approved for pediatric research
Dr. Mbuvayesanguo acquired a reputation for himself because in 2014, Dr. Wake was drawn closer to the examination of hearts.
Zimbabwe ’ s association Doctors for Human Rights has strongly condemned Dr. Mbuvayesangano ’ s shaving
Nothing has been heard from the University of Zimbabwe or the government about nursing
But reminders from the minister of health, Health Minister Obadiah Moyo suggests that doctors return to work
Moyo said the government is drawing the consequences of the trial to determine what the government is not doing
Doctors paid the 3rd pledge by insisting that they have no money for work
Government and foreign agencies have renewed agreements to send koal to India and empty-handed
Speaking on the terms of the agreement with Viotoria ononsulting, Minister of state, Winston onhitando, the government’s vision is that the country will negotiate
Thehitando said that Zimbabwe was going to 25 million tons of koal but that 3 million were expected to go at any time
She also said that India is the leading source of koal every year
At the same meeting, President Emerson Mnanagwa said Zimbabweans cannot fully benefit from the bonds of friendship between the two countries
studio 7 has failed to identify that company, Viortoria unonsulting, and who supervises the project?
However, the prime minister of miniraasi in the previous government, Gifthimanike, does not know why the Zimbabweans should be aware of these combatants.
necklace, Nyasha Muhihwa made the same point.
Mr. Muhihihwa also said that his relationship with other nations should be put to death
The Ministry of Minerals, according to good koah, has 29 sites
The two Hwange team and Mountain Resouroes make the most of the koah
Three members of the MDC-T party under Nelson’s quarrel are arrested at Harare on Friday and released for $ 1,000 baeli
The jury, Mr. Bianou Makwande speaking, is said that the two deputy prosecutors are Tendai Biti and Ms. Lynett Karenyi Kore, their secretary, Ms. Gladys Hlatywayo, the deputy secretary, Mr. Lovemore ’ shinoputsa, and the deputy secretary-general of the party, David the chief and Mr. Ms. Vongai Tome.
These men are ordered to pay $1,000 for the home of MDw ’ s Morgan Tsvangirai
According to the MS Makwande, the victims will go back to 24 hours in order to hear their petitions from the police.
Speaking on their studio 7 about the verdict, one of the prosecutors, Aleo Muhdehama, said the court ordered the people to have a proverb destroy their work and their investigations.
Mr. MuChadehama also said, although three persons suspected of attacking the Crime, the victims went to the police station this morning and were returned to the police station for breaking the law of the 19th grade.
The six Albatrosses have also commented on the court ’ s approach
Mr. MuChadehama also claims that victims cannot protect themselves and that they cannot administer 19OVIDs in the prison
The leader of the party, Nelson Hamisa, has said that he will continue to fight for the change of country in spite of some victims
Ms. Makwande disagrees with the wishes of the deputy spectator of the party, Womberaishe Nhende of the hospital to stay in the hospital
Mr. Nhende, who was said to have wounded the linen after being saved, is in the hospital
In other cases, Zimbabwe ’ s Lawyers for Human Rights claimed to have been watched as President Emmerson Mnangagwa ’ s discontinued yoke was being calculated for $ 300 baeli
This defendant, Shungudzemoyo Kaohhe, will be brought to trial at home
In Zimbabwe, the president of Prophetio Healing and Deliveranoe (PCDlu Ministries, Walter Magaya, has also spoken of his presence in Zimbabwe and is saying that he is using Aguma to cure HIV / AIDS, to cure and reverse it.
Speaking to studio 7, he said at the end of his prayer work on Wednesday night in Francistown, Botswana, Mr. Magya said that he was sitting behind his plans to rescue the police who had been arrested on October 2018 by saying that he had a cure for HOV/AIDS
After apologizing for HIV /AIDS, Mr. Ndwa pays $700 in a repurchaser
But Mr. Magaya was not distracted by this incident, he told studio 7 that he was working with companies that he did not want to make a list of them and that he had found the anti- HIV /AIDS vaccine.
Mr. Magaya called HIV?AIDS a problem for the Black People and therefore urges all nations to work together to obtain a vaccine
Mr. Ndwa is ready to work with other countries because he sees that Zimbabwe has not planned to eradicate the disease.
On the contrary, arguments against Magaya in Zimbabwe, Aretha Midioal companyno, have found that their names have not been registered in Mediumines at the Control Authority of Zimbabwe and that therefore the Health Professions Authority has not authorized them to investigate Aguma ’ s medicines for their use
The doctor at a hospital in Francistown, Sengaphi Khuzwayo, looked down on Magaya for making money
Mr. Magaya has already refused to be drawn into the country since it has been announced that he had raped a woman, but the court dismissed the matter.
The absence of Pediatiris has caused pregnant women to suffer tribulation at the hospital as if it were at the outbreak of the General Hospital.
Ms. Lisa Sibanda is a woman tired of postpartum depression
Ms. Sibanda said that her teenage daughter died in her womb when her baby was born on Tuesday but that there was no surgeon to help her kill her baby
The biggest problem she has, says Ms. Sibanda, is that her defenses are being washed to make her sick
Ms. Sibanda said they are on the way to a water crisis, so they are unable to get to the hospital excrement.
Erasmus Zindoga, who brought his wife to Kariba, said that he had no medical help but that he had not decided to care for her
Zindoga said that they had already rushed back to the 250-mile [ 250 km ] trips from Kariba through the unrealistic facilities at the hospital
We have not heard of the number of women going to tribulation in a hospital for recovery from such places as Kariba, Hurungwe, Karoi, Makonde and Zwimba
Jehovah ’ s Witnesses serve as “ volunteer ministers ” and “ volunteer ministers ” as “ volunteers. ”
Instead, he added that women with abortions should not be treated only by nursing women, as was the case in the sanatorium.
The spokesman for the census CityCouncil, Tihohoo Mlauzi, announced the past week that the census population of 120,000 is on the way to a water tribulation through three damaged pumps.
Kansa Associations of Zimbabwe urge the public to be free to investigate their boyfriends for the sake of diagnosis
In Zimbabwe more than 5,000 people each year suffer from prostate infections, and most of them suffer from pdiatriste
The group’s representative, aunior Mavhu, says they have an intention to investigate homosexuals to see how they can help them
It has been said that kansa is striking more and more people in this country, especially women, although they are mainly male.
One of the Kansa departments is urging both men and women to participate in the preaching work in anticipation of the arrival of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month of the first month.
Around the globe, it is expected that until this month they will be reminded of the immense memory and protection of their snares
Ms. Mavhu thinks we should take care of everyone every day so that this disease can be controlled and not be heard.
The Zimbabweans celebrate this Saturday of their two-year anniversary in response to the strike of three people at Harare when some came to the river to demonstrate their refusal to accept the 2018 election
This massacre swept across the globe through the media from all over the country, witnessing the first phase of the Executioner’s Executioner’s Executioner’s Executioner’s Executioner’s Executioner’s Executioner’s Executioner’s Execution.
M algagwe was struggling with Nelson’s aristocratic partner.
After the strike, the government formed a committee to investigate it. The committee’s coordinator was the South African President Kgalema Motlanthe.
The committee issued a statement stating that the soldiers and the police were zealous in killing and that these people were to be punished. It ordered the government to attack the family of the victims.
Mr. Motlanthe ’ s committee also urged the government not to send victims to school, and it does not allow the law to be passed by the police and the army
Human rights claim that the government has not issued a decree in favor of the Motlanthe Branch Committee
Meanwhile, the minister of state, Moniua Mutsvangwa, says the government is aware of all the remaining ones of the committee and is planning to dismantle them
According to the Assembly’s president, the government has been expected to implement the proposed proposals.
Madhuku said that they had warned the government not to do anything for them, since they were killed by the army of the country
Human rights expert and Human Rights Watongh ’ s Regional Director for North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga also said the government has not planned to do as the committee stated.
Maurhinga said these events have occurred for two years, but they have not saved any soldier or done what they said.
Many areas have been excavated since the President, Emmerson M Scaragwe and his commissioners, as well as the legislature, joined the whole country in repairing operations through the nationwide preparation day
Mnangagwe arrived at Parirenyatwa ’ s hospital this morning with his assistants in cleaning the hospital
Speaking at the conclusion of the restoration work, Mr. Mnangagwe said the program worked well and was a lifeline for mankind.
He said that he was doing this to remind people that this is what they should do
Mr. M algagwe also said that people do not know how to stop and learn from other countries, such as Rwanda, where people no longer turn their backs on the garbage and walk on the ground
The minister of sports, Kirsty Kovetri and his staff, began breaking Simon Muzenda ’ s roads to finish the sweeping of Africa ’ s Unity Square and the Meikles Hotel and TM Supermarket staff
He said that the public was amazed when they saw them sweeping him
Workers in Zimbabwe ’ s Newspapers also seated rams and rams and placed garbage relief equipment on rams
Zimpapers ’ spokesman Beatrioe Tonhodzayi told studio 7 that corruption has turned out to be the most important part of that region to support the government in its work
According to him, workers in all parts of the country are involved in the cleaning work
The minister of Harare, Hebert Gomba, the site congressman and Kansil also broke out and disposed of the refuse
Speaking to studio 7, Maophipisa in Highfield, Gomba, also shows that she has been impressed by the large number of people involved in the work
He added that the cities need to keep on commemorating them and that, as a result, the movement is repeatedly reminding the cities of their dignity.
Mr. M algagwa signed the day, showing that on the first Friday of each month, it had helped to dignify them.
The Ministry of Economy is now planning to contribute funds to the public sector to help the country make it possible
Speaking to the journalists at Harare today, the secretary-general of the department, George Guvamatanga, said that it is difficult to bring a purse worth about two or one dollars
Guvanmatanga acknowledged the government ’ s lack of funds
They asked how to deal with the stealing process. The deputy minister of the Ministry of Economy summarized the incense and proposed that the customers be treated where they earn money.
The Ministry of Labor and Eonomy Development Researruh Institute of Zimbabwe, Nyasha Mu Mu Muhihihwa, said that the government can make a better budget unless the country ’ s funds are invested and in local affairs and customs
Mr. Muhohihwa also pointed out that when those who change money are comforted, these things cannot be solved by reducing their expenses
The minister acknowledged that investing in health also involves increasing health concerns
The Minister of finances, Mthuli Nubube, also told the media that he was impressed by the initiative he took toward the economy.
However, the former minister of finance, Tendai Biti, who is one of the three partners, indicates that the country’s economy is losing its resources by means of the central bank of Reserve Bank for Zimbabwe.
Mr. Biti, chairman of the Parliamentary Economic Union, said that the central bank does not have the laws governing the national currency so as not to interfere with the economy and government officials
However, the authorities are saying that the public does not realize how long the country has invested in bankruptcy and that it will be temporarily resumed.
The singer Rise Kagona speaks on the historical debate and on his work with Biggie Tembo.
Children ’ s legs are dead in the sense that they do not exist
A clinic worker testified that the children died shortly after their birth
studio 7 was also unable to listen to the staff at the hospital
Mr. Langton in revititi, his father, Mr. Langton in revititi, also died without being treated on Wednesday after he was taken from Harare to the trial Hospital.
Mathilda, a chamber member of the Banket who was betraying her half brother who had died with no help, said, her brother had invited her to the barracks where no help was available. She arrived dead.
Ms. ohimbe claims that those who die in the hospital do not check their timing
More than 16,000 child-care officers working in public hospitals go to the laboratory to get a salary
The government has drafted all custodial officials to renew their employment.
Instead, the number of people gettingOVID 19 is rising to the point that some, like Maseke, are forced to obey by a table system
It is now clear that the public is spreading the disease across the country, on trucks, at operating sites and banks with disabled people
studio 7 has also seen dozens of people who did not wear masks while meeting the public at Harare
An unworn resident of Harare, Paul Maéaira, said that he sometimes forgot to even wear
An unnamed prospector who was waiting to banks in the city, studio 7 asked if he knew that the number ofOVID 19 cases was rising.
But he said that while he knew that he was taking a stand for one ’ s freedom, the issue of human nature was a factor that contributed to a social gathering
Simon Zhou, who was also waiting for the truck, told Mt Pleasant Heights that they had stopped at the same location for about 15 feet
He said they were not careful, and they had their hands washed as they were, if you were boarding the ZUPCO truck in the country.
The Secretary of Health at MD love Alliancene’s former minister for health care, Dr. Henry Madzorera, urged the people to protect themselves in keeping with the health-care system.
Dr. also ordered Timothy to keep the house secret during the time
The Deputy Minister, John Mangwiro, complained to studio 7 that he was teaching people about the disease and examining the blood of many to see if they were infected in any way that had helped prevent it
Speaking to his political leader Emmerson M Fraagwa at a meeting, he said that the progress ofOVID 19 tells us that a religion should be introduced.
THE death toll fromOVID 19 is not limited to Zimbabwe, and it has 12 million people in all countries and 88,212 in Zimbabwe.
Doctors working in Public Seotor and others in favor of Mpilo ’ s Internet Hostpial in Bulwayo, who are protesting the unpleasant treatment of Dr. Peter Magombeyi on Saturday at Harare.
Doctors, including those who work at the United Bulawayo hospital, have closed up the Mpilo hospital to show that an unknown person has been treating Dr. Magombeyi at his home in Harare.
Ngongoma said people are being killed for fear and fear.
The spokesman for the Kwazulu-Natal police force at the University of Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts, University of Massachusetts.
No one was saved
Parents in trouble and out of school
Parents are protesting this incurring murder and pick up a truck at Putini High Schoola in Mangweni, Umtshezi
We have learned that parents talk about things that are not his way in the children ’ s school
The children are said to be confined to the classroom without water and light
The town is referring to the open-air publications because the school buildings are not being constructed.
Study is done at a remote center that has been established by the educational center
The town does not like that
According to the town’s Kaunsila, Nkosingiphile Mpembe, in 2010 the people were promised to build the schools for those who do not do so until now.
The students are sitting and studying during difficult periods. The old waters often burst into the floor without the right to drink
at the end of the puroths, a researcher came promising people to come from the educational center.
Muzi Mahlambi, a spokesman for the literacy department of KwaZulu-Natal, called the district elder to see how the matter was resolved
A couple have been kidnapped for stealing
Police are looking for victims at Shayamoy in Mpumuza, not Pietermaritzburg, thinking they have stolen.
It is thought that the public has been stoned by Londeka Mvelase and Mxolisi Morhu on Sunday.
The couple stay together
They suspect that they have stolen about R2 500 and that they also suspect that they have stolen some of their residents
The one who expresses his opinion suggests that even when he is missing the helmet, they are still missing
Both men and women were present as they beat him
The city’s quarantine, which hit Zondo, went to the area yesterday to see what happened
In his defense, he complained that they had been accused of being unjust and unjust
Back home
We do not know that wickedness is taking place in the region, but neither does it mean that you are obliged to do what you want
Call the police to arrest the perpetrator of this wickedness
I heard the news that a man took something out of a store
Now everything is quiet, there is peace
The man is not here, the woman is not here
Ngubo announced that I am still looking for his family and will meet them tomorrow and discuss things with them.
Commander of the KwaZulu-Natal police forceNqobile Gwala said the police were looking for the two victims
They do all they can to get to know the family of the victims, but it is not possible for them to leave their nobility
Guptas finalize money to some banks
According to a report by the African News Agency, about R49 million is under the control of the country, according to a report by the Shadow World Commander, Paul Edward Holden.
The President said this was not missing before the verdict of Justice Raymond Zondo.
He claimed that the figure was R49,157,323, 233.
commonly placed in other containers.
Holden acknowledged this when they were witnessing that they had borrowed money and had borrowed money from debts.
Holden asked the witness in charge, Mathewhaskalson
Holden tells the bankers that his testimony is based on accidents involving the payment of Gupta’s banks.
Guptas stole R287 million from Estina ’ s Dairy Farm Prroject
This arrangement is thought to be a way to help farmers in Firi
According to Holden, Guptas began stealing money a year before Estina ’ s business even started
As a result, the government of steiti began bankruptcy for Estima in 2011 but Guptas started bankruptcy in Kotonimaa in 2011
Estina ’ s program was used to steal money even before the program started
The government, according to sources, paid R287 million for the Gupta family and placed the money in the akaunts to make it as profitable as R880 million in 2012 and 2016
The election continues
A movie that shows everything about the death of the bride-price
The most important movie has been released by Lindani Myeni in Hawaii, USA.
The film appears as if the empty man came out of the house in Honolulu, as if he were delaying between supposedly married people
It's as if she went to a church near her house.
He grabs his shoes at the entrance of the church and hatches the two men
It means that after 40 minutes they saw the bride husband leaving the house and apologizing to the couple.
Suddenly, a mother called out to 911
The mother told the police that her husband was in the house entering the house.
The owner of the house was telling her that there was nothing in the house
Some have planned putting these reminders on a crutches
The suspect, according to the U.S. Air Force, has ordered the film to be returned without any action
He also ordered the police to announce all the calls 911 that day.
By quitting a conversation with William Denselow, the bride’s husband said he was not angry when he left the house.
One of his last words was that of an elder
In the opening picture, the bride-price asked the police for the identity of the policemen who had been shot and exiled at the hospital.
He said they did not know that Myeni was unrepentant and that the video was in the police, but they met the media and told them that he had attacked them.
Biokerson said they would search for the truth to see what was happening.
It is said there has been a cyberattack in IFP in Melmoth.
IFP Kanselites have been accused of incriminating suspects claiming to have been shot by three persons at the party’s assembly in Thubalethu, Mthonerean (Melmothye on Sunday afternoon.
The decision-making committee, it is said, ordered the masses to go to the meeting place.
The party, in part, accused the party’s leaders of trying to force them to appeal for the release of the IFP Kansela.
The leadership of the IFP called the meeting in the suburb of King etshwayo in order to resolve the long-term situation in the area. Last week, he did not understand that the release of Kanselenses was being returned with me to mislead Bonginkosi Biyela.
One of the public squads who refused to be named as part of the exhibition during the shooting ceremony has accused the IFP officials and Kanseleks of being shot to prevent the exhibition from taking place.
“The exhibition was being held in front of them because we were not allowed to attend the assembly because the people there were from other suburbs.
The assembly’s son said all of the incidents began after the public squad, who was willing to go to the assembly, was arrested. As a result, the security forces and Kanseleks there were not allowed to shoot,” he added.
The Minority Leader of the IFP, who was reluctant to make a name for himself, said the members of the Public Union in the area had been living for a long time.
During the past week, a demonstration was made to explain why their Kansela had been betrayed.
A meeting is scheduled for both Kanseleks and the IFP district officials to be present for fasting.
The incidents began at the beginning of the assembly, when some of the people were on their way to the hotel, when the assembly began, and the defense began to be stoned.
He also alleged that some of the people were being attacked.
I'll be newly appointed to attend this assembly in the city of Moses’monaeana, the vice-assembly of Phumlani Ntombela and Kanselese, who are all in the city of Moses.
They tried to hear about the district leader, but they were not succeeded.
The Chieftain’s spokesman, Thami Shangase, announced that the assembly was not scheduled by the governor of the state. He added that everything was in the hands of the police.
The IFP national spokesman, Mkh vale H Lengwa, said the party will announce its protest on the matter today.
The riot began when bisela and Kanselites were released, and the people were divided, especially among the members of the IFP Union, who are taking the lead in the unprejudiced state.
The inspector of Melmoth was investigating the incidents of the shooting and violence, said a spokesman for the KwaZulu-Natal Police Command,olonel Thembeka Mbele.
Mbete claims that he is not overlooked in bribery.
Baleka Mbethe, a member of Parliament, has dismissed the complaint against corruption.
Responding to some of the charges against him as a member of the Parliament, Mrs Mbete declared that every person is his opinion, and some of the cases are newspapers because experts have no evidence.
He even spoke about weapons, mentioning the name of the former president of Zimbabwe, as an example of obtaining a letter that took on difficult objects but knew of their origin
Chairman, I know that some of the witnesses here are familiar with the Anno’s schedule
I know speakers are here and say they can ’ t tell what he has heard
I can talk about the shots that were deliberately fired on the night
Inside my desk is a paper
The message in the letter is strong but without a reader
There ’ s no time in Parliament and I can ’ t send a book that I don ’ t know the secretary
My problem is that he wrote, that he should come to me and understand my feelings.
Mbete said that it was my decision in Parliament to refuse to talk about the news
During the moon of silence in the second and seventh millenniums, he was asked why he had been involved in Gupta ’ s family crisis.
I don ’ t remember it, but I know what happened to the Gupta family
I think it will not be until these differences cause the riddle to know who wrote them
Consider what they will say about the world he has created for you
Ms. Methe went on to find the explanation and how to carry out our assignment
NSFAS is accused of the student ’ s death
Disciples are accusing NSFAS of the death of a student who had fallen asleep in Durban Tvet ’ sollege on the Manor stone for two days on Saturday
Twenty-six-year-old Jonwabo Manyanya, who has died, is said to have been a scholar who has completed Ele Eletrioal infrastruoture anonstruotion and has been displaced by the owner of his house because of his rent
As a result, he was allowed to stay for two days because he had nowhere to go since Monday he was disfellowshipped
On Wednesday the deceased was to be unhappy
His friends told him that he had to leave
reports indicate that on Saturday, Jonwabu died in the area where his friend lived in Durban North
One disciple who was close to the dead proclaimed that they were surprised at what had happened and that was why the NSFAS was being accused of seducing their fish for financial gain
I am saddened that death could have been stopped
The student said I like NSFAS because I see the serpent coming and we will hear these words again and again
Those who had not been able to contact the deceased announced that they could not communicate with the media
The police commander of the Kwazulu-Natal police force, Nqobile Gwala, said nothing was said
Asherville’s resentment has been a financial problem, about half of the students are standing outside the school doorstep and teaching
The disciples told him that they were sleeping right because they had been disfellowshipped from their sleeping quarters because of not having enough money to pay a rent
Many disciples arrived from Gauteng, Eastern nausea, and Mpumalanga in dress and grooming
Mr. Siyabonga Sambu of Ermelo, Mpumalanga, a student of the community Safety degree, has accused NSFAS of complaining about financial matters
From the moon of the repurchaser onward, they received all the money
There is no money to buy food
Those seeking a job were given small amounts of money
Shambu claims that nothing is going on in the area and that we are in danger of being summoned by the authorities
Zuko Mabanga from Johannesburg confirmed the fact that she too was disfellowshipped
The secretary for the Association of Mpilo Hospital Doctors said that he was unhappy and that he would have been contacted earlier and wanted to be treated
Dr. Towanda, who also claims to have worked with Dr. Magombeyi, claims that many doctors are now afraid that Dr. Magombeyi will not be sent to work and that he will get a job without pay
The director-general of the Mpilo Hospital, Leonard Mabandi, has asserted that the doctors will soon resume their work
Walter also claims that there are many patients who have not been treated by the doctors
All the doctors were arrested for the strike. During the two weeks of their strike, the doctors insisted that they have no money to work.
The government claims to pass laws that would pay medical strics but that human rights claim it is illegal for the government to do so
Upon the Kentucky streets of the US, dozens of people are sailing their 74-year-old Muhammad Ali
Others included former U.S. President Billlinton and filmmakers like George Foreman, Mike Tyson and Lenox Lewis and Will Smith
President Obama also appealed to the claims of Zimbaboi of Kentucky Patricia Chikanga that the country can do something better with the loss of homicide.
Patricia Chikanga told studio 7 that the country should glorify those taking the lead in the country. There are so many who have come to glorify Ali.
The Zimbabwe Council of Churches (ZCC) claims that they regret what is happening in the districts of Matabeleland South, Matabeleland North and Bulawayo in the negotiations for ministers working in the church in the province
The ZCC has gathered a distribution number for larvae and doctors working in the three districts
ZCC secretary-general Pr. Dr. Kenneth Mtata rebuked studio 7 for bitterness over the starvation of some
He claims to be in pain and is preaching these words
He claims that the government must abstain from politics and support the hungry
Dr. Mtata suggests that the government will see what is going on so that they too can help from house to house to reduce hunger
Between 2007 and 2008, Zimbabwe ’ s dollars continued to decline
Shifted from $32 to $ 40
Many of the foods, patches, and boxes that have been called into question have become increasingly scarce
Speaking at the summit, President Emmerson Mnangagwa declared that no nation can surrender to his savings
Nelson Hamisa, a member of the non-governmental party, has also concluded that it will not succeed if the country spends its own money
But economist Prof. Gift Muguano explains that politicians are not going to decide what to do
Denford Matashu, an elder of the onfederation of Zimbabwe ’ s R retailers, is also aware of economic recovery
The Zimbabwe National Chamber of weakness,hris Mugaga, has also asserted that they must bend their heads and look for ways to improve the clock
But Prof. Mugano has claimed that no dog overseer has entered the carreae and that even the government is unwilling to accept the national dollar
ZCTU ’ s writer aphet Moyo also points out that business affairs are less intentional
Economists also indicate that Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, RBZ, is planning to publish funds to help stabilize the country
But RBZ president Dr. John Mangudya claims that they are all false
Zimbabwe has begun to use the Americas since the year 2019 but has stopped accepting their own dollars just last year
The Zimbabwe vulnerability Assessment Committee, Zimvao estimates that up to 90 percent of Zimbabweans will starve from the end of the year to the end of the year
But a month earlier, only one percent needed food in rural areas
The other girls are Matabeland North, Masvingo, and Midlands
Fewsnet, a food service agency, has announced that people in the large city also need food because the economy continues to deteriorate
Those most hungry for food will be trained by thehipinge and the glutton affected by the syclone
eel Dhumakwezu, who lives in the prime minister, claims that a company is using the World Vision to feed them because they are associated with the Red roos
But those who are not registered are hungry
The public in Gweru has shown fear of the COVID-19 crisis because of the city ’ s closing
from Friday onward, about a hundred and twenty people have remained in the Gwetu Polechnik
There are also about three thirds of people left for the meetings of NKoba teachers
These are the Zimbabweans cared for by South Africa and Botswana
Niok Mangwana, a media writer, announces that the Mboka college alone can fill the Gwetu Stadium with a combination of five hundred delegates
Ms. Enita Nyati reprimanded studio 7 for fearing that the 19th edition had taken away such individuals and that they could get out of the protected facilities
But Nyasha Mahwende also claims that such individuals as Zimbabweans or their own family and acquaintances should be cared for
Along with the possibility that these individuals engage in illegal activities, they are said to need greater protection
The security agencies on these two sites have insisted that the state office of the state of Midland approve of Studies
The secretaries of the Midlands, Larry Mavima, and Dr. Mahene, told us that he was present at a convention but that we were there to talk with him
Experts in South Africa and Botswana say that while they were there, they were among immigrants who could easily have been saved by the viruses
Gweru ’ s mayr, Osiah Makombe, presented it as a 7-wheel-drive sister to keep some of the viruses in the streets
He urged the public not to be afraid but to keep the road system and the passengers to care for them
People ’ s Democratic Party President Luya Matibenga, who lives in Gweru, has asserted that it is the government ’ s responsibility to protect the community
Those in the Midlands are not affected by the Viruses, but the surrounding towns are afraid of their arrival
The local office met with the doctors who attended the strike on Wednesday for the first time since their first day of the year
Some of the senior doctors were on the street on Wednesday. Many people are losing their lives because of the doctors on the street.
President Emmerson M Fraagwa has returned from his vacation on Tuesday to ask Prof. ononstantino for a way to stop the brike
A spokesman for the President, Niok Mangwana, suggests that the President has come to settle the situation completely
On Tuesday Mr.hiwenga ordered all the doctors to go to work
The chief doctors of Zimbabwe ’ s Medicalassociation have given the government forty-eight hours to do something about the strike of the smaller doctors
The president ’ s office executive of Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctors associationano, Dr. Elias Muzoremba, held a meeting to listen to the doctors preaching
Reporters ’ announcement is that the doctors have dismissed the president ’ s office as the Health Services Board.
The doctors say that they want the government to take medication measures in the basin and in other companies and to pay the US dollar to RTGS
These doctors spend $ 329 a month, but those amounts are placed in RTGS
On the other hand, the minister of finance at Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University, Prof. Gift Mugano, proposed that the government would not be able to pay all that money
We asked Dr. Mugano what had happened to make computers demanding US dollars and how they could change it
Mr. Ittai Rusike, chief executive of theommunity Working Group on Health, recommended that the President give the health department more money in the bag
Some in the community are saying that health Insurance loards are normal and that they are compelled to bring a US dollar or stay at home whenever they try to buy drugs
The Warriors national team leaves South Africa to compete in theosafa tournament
The team has two matchs in theosafa bowl and Africa bowl of Nations that have to win theosafa bowl on Saturday
The ostraca is being used to prepare the Afoons for Zimbabwe to repurchase the sixth cup of the previous year
Because of financial concerns, Zimbabwe has not yet had enough soccer to compete for the Afoon race, and Warriors ’ commander announced that he has taken up the swing and the way to strengthen the team
thehidzambwa is making sure that the cup will be accepted again for the cup, which has been accepted once since the event began in the year
thehidzambwa obtained the cup of the almond tree in 20032009, 2017 and 2018
Zimbabwe ’ s soccer players, such as Tendai Dar hits, Admiral Muskwe, and Aleo Mudimu, like them, join the Olympic championship
This year the Zimbabwe team holds the best team to the Afaphon because of such players as Knowledge Musona and Marvelous Nakamba
Shingirai Miti, a member of the Warriors team, has proclaimed that there is no rivalry for an alcoholic because the cup always belongs to Zimbabwe
The Zimbabweans are looking forward to victory in their first Egyptian battle against the Afaphon because of the cup they have taken
Fighting for the Egyptian side of the battlefield for the battlefield, Ronald Pfumbidzai claims
Zimbabwe and Egypt, Democratic RePublic of ng ng and Uganda are in the group A, which supports Wellington Mpandare in anticipation of their survival
After the burial of the slaughter at the end of the war, the burial of the slaughter will begin through Nigeria to the Holocaust in Egypt
Many players view Christmas as a time to get together with their family and friends, but this year, while others are attending meetings with their family, they are competing with Egypt in the championships of the Champions League
This was the third Platinum match that was defeated after the conquest of Sudan ’ s Al Hilal and the defeat of Tunisia ’ s Etoile dusahel
The celebration will be held in Sweswe, in anticipation of the victory in the front game for the two defeated games. the apocalypse Darlington Dodo has announced that the time has come to inform the public about what they can do when they are unable to take the cup. The Zimbabwe Olympic Committee Commander Anna Mguni has announced that they are going to see their family members and grandchildren who have seen them for a long time. The basketball player has also announced the arrival at the Masingo Triangle.
Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZo says that the government did not take care of those who would go to the strike
The group says they want the government to pay teachers for the US dollar
Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZo used aivil Service, the Public Service Commission, and Ministry of Finanoe to present their statements to the government
studio7 has not heard government officials complain because they have not called Moniya Mustsvangwa, a foreign minister
According to ArtUZ General Obert Masaraure, these advocates have to live the way they deserve but have not
Though concerned about the economy, the government has to fight corruption and corruption to manage the economy effectively
Maszarure claims that the government is spending unnecessary amounts of money when these amounts could have been used for public guns
Despite the fact that there is money in the country to solve the problems, one problem is that the local counselors are unable to manage the finances and see the need for planning to solve the problems
Foreigners are struggling to obtain passports in the country
As a result, registrar-General secretaries were ordered to force Zimbabwe ’ s citizens to pay $ million
Kazembe Kazembe, a national minister speaking to the media, pointed out that his ministry is aware of the public ’ s urgent demand for their passport, especially for those with a custom
He claims that in order to ensure that foreigners get their papers, the government has seen the need to close the taxes in order to get the papers quickly
Some realize, however, that this is a governmental step toward the increase in the foreign exchange rate
A passport buyer in the country pays $ in RTGS while a passport buyer in three days pays $
And if they want the passport on that day, they pay $
The Chairman of Parliament, Kindness Paradza, has asserted that the Chairman has supported the closing of the passport and that it will help foreigners to avoid misunderstandings
Paradza indicates that the people have heard the beatings of their family and friends, for which they have paid so much to make the passport
Isaauu Nyaumba, a Zimbaboi, relates that she was shocked when she encountered the famous football player Neymar and photographed her
In São Paulo, Brazil, Neymar da Silva Santo eUnior
Neymar now played his ball for the Spanish football team Barcelona, Lionel Messi, and for Brazil's leader, who won the first gold in the Olympics.
Many say that the photographs of Nyaumba and Neymar were taken in Viortoria Falls and were told that they were taken while he was working in Ukutula ’ sonservation at theenter near Pretoria in South Africa
The Warriors women ’ s soccer team are preparing to compete, and Zimbabwe ’ s whole country is looking forward to that game
The Warriors are holding Rufaro Stadium in a sport that they believe to be the largest in Zimbabwe ’ s history
The Warriors ’ matching with the Indomitable Lionesses of Cameroon will guarantee that they will be able to attend the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro the following year
The Warriors met in Yaounde twenty-five weeks earlier because of their failure, but if they won the game, they will go to the World Summit
The Warriors and a team of thirty-five years have been able to go to the tournament from gold hookkey girls that were able to attend during the year
But the Warriors will be remembered as the first team to complete the tournament
Zivanai Moroyiwa, a son of the Warrior team, has said that the game is being delayed because the Warriors ’ soccer game is thrilled because no team has been able to do so for thirty-five years
Tonderayi Matimura, aaps United fan, suggests that when the two teams met two weeks earlier, she believed that Warriors would win again
Zimbabwe Football Associationno has seen the importance of the game among the public and has arranged it for everyone to play
Andrew Rwodzi, a sports star, predicts that many will go to the stadium to play because of the ZFA plan
Mr. Matimura has also said that he is going to see the ball in stadium because the dollar is below Zifa ’ s level of money
The team ’ s Kookout, Shadreok Mlauzi, organizes the team and looks forward to a successful match between Rudo Neshamba and Rutendo Maohingura in front of the community
At the same time, the Warrior team will meet Lesotho at Bourfields Stadium in the African Nations Championship match
The team supports Kalsto Pasuwa’s three players, Hardlife Zvirekwi and Justice, on the subject of sexual misunderstandings, but Muroyiwa has indicated that Warriors have forbidden such small teams as Lesotho.
The Warriors are looking forward to winning the two games in front of them to the African Nations Championships finals that continue from their success in the tournament
The Mighty Warriors
Those selling goods at Harare and Taeamuka / Sesiikile movement have joined in fighting Zimbabwe ’ s displaced police forces
Some of these occurrences occurred in the city of Norton, where salesmen refused to move from the salesman Katanga
The spokesman for the Taeamuka / Sesiikile movement, Makomborero Haruzivishe, has proclaimed that those who are being harassed by the police as part of his family
Haruzivishe proclaimed that while in the police station, they were watching the victims but found it to be only one person
The Harare CityCouncil spokesman Mihohaelhideme has announced that nothing has happened since they were not in the city after the incident
The government, however, announced on Twitter that many of the youths had been brutally murdered by the police
The government went on to say that there had been vidio, some of whom were throwing a police knife for witnessing in court against the victims
We have not heard the voice of the police as to these matters
The South African city of Zimbabwe, represented by the Zimbabweans who work in the city of ado, says that the Zimbabweans are deeply hurt by the robberies being inflicted on the streets of Johannesburg
Some of these women ’ s robberies, including Hillbrow, Berea and Yeoville and near foreigners and Zimbabweans, are said to be kidnappers and murderers
A spokesman for the city of Zimbabwe in South Africa announced plans to meet with the police to investigate the situation
He explained that the team was planning to put the police on the sixth month of their rescue and try to solve this problem
It is said that the police should have been on time but that the wrongdoers are permitted to do what they expect
The victims of this disaster are known for the suspicion that the police had to cooperate with the Zimbabwean inhabitants of that part of the country.
Those who have also spoken to studio7 insist that police and military personnel be sent to these places to eliminate such crimes
South Africans have also accused these foreigners of increasing stealing, drug abuse and sexual immorality
Many have said that two and nine thousand years will mark a major political and economic crisis
The MP of the NPP Parliament of Dormaa East, Mr. Paul Apraku Twum Barimah, has urged the Parliament to calculate the expense of the President ’ s enticement of John Mahama in the Far East from two and three thousand years to two and seven thousand years
He made this statement so that Mr. Ken Ofori Attah, the minister of finance, concluded that this investigation would help both him and the people of Ghana to figure out the cost of the President ’ s trip
I have asked that question because I know and hear what President had deceived John Mahama from paying for the hartered flights
Impossible
Mr. Barimah explained that he had not supported his question politically
The age of medicine that we have to decide for ourselves as a country is the cost of our national hartered flights and the steps we will take to do so only if we have to know what has been going on from time to time
Do you have a leader? How did they respond? Arrangements have been made regarding the President’s exile? That is why I am not engaging in politics.
He added that I would like to review these issues and see how we can make good plans. Today, it may be my government, but tomorrow it may be another government. So if we do not take an explanation of these issues, we will always face this challenge.
Blind ’ s crucial message
The Speaker of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa, has also asked the Parliament to ask the government to explain why President Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo-Addo was shortly on his way to France and refused to use the airplane used by any president
Parliamentary member of the National Democratic Congress ( NDC) for North Tungu declared it as a shame that Ghana owns a successful president ’ s airplane but that when the president travels, he is on the other side of the plane
He declared that any President ’ s move in Ghana costs GHS million meinu
Bono East Minister Mr. Kwasi Adu-Gyan has congratulated the NPP and NDC officials for promoting peace among them
He said that I am proud that the NPP and NDC leadership are united in supporting the region
Mr. Adu-Gyan continued that peace contributes to the development of each neighborhood and that when there is no peace in the region, it is difficult to repair
The district minister announced these words at the conclusion of the Teohiman program
The delegates included NPP and NDC, representatives of traditional authorities, security agencies, national Commission or Civic Education, National Commission or Civic Education.
The National Peace Council sponsored the Commonwealth Secretariat under the heading “Countering Post election Violence, and Building consensus for Greater Political Tolerance in Ghana”.
All the information presented is based on cheating on elections and on various ways to counteract that cheating
Mr. Adu-Gyan acknowledged that Ghanaians are proud that the Global peace Index Report has declared that when it comes to peace, Ghana and the second-largest country in Africa have joined the NPP and NDC to contribute to the peace of the country.
He added that these are valuable items that rulers, political parties, governments, President, Parliament, government, and Media have contributed to the nation of Ghana
He promised that the Regionaloordinating Council would help to preserve this peace forever
Speaking at Electoral Justice’s Electoral Justice’s Electoral Justice’s President, Alhaei Suallah Abdallah Quandah for the Bono Regional Peace Council declared that political stability has been achieved through Electoral Justice.
He argued that the Electoral Justice was not a wealthy option but that it was not permissible for a nation to miss elections and politics
Alhaji Quandah showed the need for each nation to have the Electoral Justice to enable its elective issues to be more precise
Abuakwa South member of Parliament Samuel Atta Akyea has assured Ghanaians that on the seventh day of Nana Addo ’ s government in the second and tenth millenniums, Ghanaians will be cut off from all problems
he claims that the government of Nana Addo will save the economy because it has established a system of disruption
Atta Akyea, giving Asiakwa SOS to the district of East Akim in the Western region, announced a new era of economic stability in Ghana.
He asserted that the appointed President, Nana Addo, was prepared for every assignment
Among the items offered were seven bags of rice, oil, salt, sugar, milk, wine and excessive amounts of money
Three brothers who had fallen asleep in their mother ’ s alcohol-Suta in Tarkwa-Suaem district in the Eastern Region have been found dead
Three of them died as a result of their being drawn to them by a generator
Inspector general George Sakyi of Tarkwa-Nsuta station announced that the boy was called by someone who had lost three children in a drinking area
He explains that when he arrived with his fiancé and the dead were taken to Abena Amos, Arabi Dadzi, 13 and Akaba Dadzi, 7 in advance to the government hospital in Tarkwa, awaiting reports of their deaths
Speaking to Starr’s newspaper columnist Emmanuel Kings Gyan, Mr. Sekyi explained that the dead were living with their mother and that the mother was in charge of the Golden CityCittain in the Tarkwa Water district
She claims that after helping their mother to work with her, they decided to stay with her
According to the householder, the son-in-law was interrupted on the day because of the floodwaters. As a result, Madam Dadzi struck the generator so that his children could be lit. The next day he went into the shop and found out that his children had died.
The other victim is receiving medical attention. The police are investigating the incident.
The flagman for the National Democratic Congress (NDC, John Mahama has announced that if he is a victor in the election of a teenager, he will persecute Menzgold general Nana Appiah Mensah, who is generally known as the NAM to pay the public bills for them
Speaking at Tarkwa-Suaem in the Eastern region, Mr. Mahama said he is amazed that Akufo Addo, despite the fact that NAM has taken over the assets of the community and has put his greed on the people
What, he added, makes NAM unique as Akufo Addo is protecting herself? Why are police officers sitting on the stone when NAM-1 is in vain?
He promised that his government would make a thorough investigation of NAM and its officials and that the public ’ s funds would be accepted
Justice Ellen Asamoah, who presided over Menzgold ’ s General Assembly, named the Accra Circuit, has declared the first April day in two thousand and twenty years
Nam had already been prosecuted in Kotonimaa in the first two thousand and twenty years of the Accra Circuit
The police raised Sylvester Asare in front of the court ordering him to put down new charges and Nam hats
In the assembly, ASP Asare told the court that they were advising the court to follow the direction on the matter.
They asked the court to force the case to work with the prosecutor in preparation
He pointed out that when the counsel came to be favorably heard and the prosecutors corrected, their presence would be justified
However, they went to meet the prosecutor on Monday, asking the court to resume the case on another day and to hear the court
The accused named appeared in court
On the last Sunday of the second millennium and the tenth of the year, the Accra Circuit granted Nam bail GHS billion
He stated that he was not guilty of the government’s three charges, and that the government has decided to change the charges and find a way to handle them.
He also has to introduce himself to the police at ten o ’ clock on Wednesday
The first charges included theft, witnessing, illegal business, illegal trade in jewelry and the laundering of money
Additionally, the total amount of money used for robberies and concoctions was GHS billion
Deceptive use of Okada is almost a problem
Police also claim that the increasing number of robberies, accidents and illegal roads are motorists
Undoubtedly, the proliferation of marks is causing problems and has to be prevented
Much of the time has been used to describe the discomfort caused by this cycle of chewing
One of the problems facing the country now is the deceptive use of motorcycles and motorcycles
For two and a half years, the Road Traffio Regulations of 2012 (L.I. 2180) Parliament passed legislation on transportation
The law prohibited the use of pedophile and motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized
The Okada and Pragya have overshadowed this country despite its legislation
When you go to the countryside, heada and pragya are transported to farms, beams, and shops
The city ’ s inhabitants pick up okada and pragya in order to avoid traffic
Because it is expensive, most prefer it to half
Suddenly, Pragya and okada fled to the next door
But most people do not like okada and pragya because of their noisy and violent ways
Accidents caused by marble are something to be watched for
Many companies, including the Ghana Medical Associationne National Road Safety Authority, have called for the payment of the nationwide use of marks
This has plunged the nation into despair
This is because despite the laws stipulated to pay for this number, it has become a refuge for many Ghanaians
We here in the Daily Graphic think that the country reexamines the law and that we look for practical ways to get this work done
In India, Pragya is the main tourist but we have not heard anything about it, as we do in Ghana
So what can we learn from India that can be applied to our situation?
It should be remembered that because of difficult business dealings, they look at her and Pragya as a means of supporting themselves and their family
We now have the Daily Graphic and think that we give them training and programs to use the technology to help keep the country alive
In anticipation of the enforcement of the law, an arrangement was made to ensure that drivers are involved in any accidents
The implementation of the policy will help the Ghanaian Police to revise the laws and help to prevent the purification of the day and Prague
Many Ghanaians have had to contend with these laws for the good and the bad
The Daily Graphic believes that if we want laws and order to develop in our ways and in our dealings, we have to check our horns and see these problems once or for all.
I don't ever remember feeling happy in Ghana that this last Friday was Green Ghana.
That was the day when we all went to the courtyard to go to a tree.
During the past two decades, when I came to Ghana, I have seen the contrast between what is happening in our country and what is in our literature on the field. This has become a winning campaign to protect our deteriorating territory.
Five million fruits were offered to be cultivated by the Handles and Treasures Ministry with the joy that has not been produced over a long period of time.
The Ghanaians will see that the most important thing we need to look at is our transit facility known as Ghana.
What is more important than streets, shelter, bedless hospitals or even intelligent schoolchildren, I am proclaiming that even the worst of all of us is the state of our hands, the loss of land and forests, and the loss of water, in the early spring of May, which is now hot and droughty.
I haven't studied the field study aids that students are studying in school, but I can say that the Ghana language was not the same as it was when I went to school today.
We still talk about tropical forests, but the fact is that our hands are not righteous
We still talk about wildlife, but all of them have taken shelter.
Forests and animals have become part of our language
Even what we thought was a forest that we could not touch, we have taken out of it all the jewelry and gold.
Probably our honesty