Following the arrest of the six persons, the prosecution claimed that they received six guns and GH¢1,292, 180; a form of dust suspected to be gold dust; a bauxite suspected to be gold bar and water suspected to be mercury.
A suspected armed robber has been escaped from the police’s escapes at Kyebi in the Eastern Region.
Starr News reports from Kyebi indicate that a group of people from Anti Armed Robbery and Personnel from the CID ministry picked up the suspect (suspect) Ebenezer Gyimah, commonly known as the peace on May 4, 2021, allegedly heavily robbed most of the cities of Abuakua North and South.
The suspects escaped after an elderly man was thrown into his arms and were taken to Kyebi Zongo for investigation.
The subsequent day, the armed robber, Musa Kamara, who was 26 years old, was also severely sought by the police at his vicinity in Kibi Zongo on Wednesday, May 23, 2021.
He also tried to escape and the police broke his leg and killed him, so he couldn't escape.
She was taken to the Kyebi government hospital under police protection.
The two individuals are thought to be among the robbers who are tormenting the inhabitants of Kibi, Akyem Tafo, Osiem, Anyinasin, and the towns around them.
In the last three months, there were at least ten robberies in these two major cities.
A woman was killed after robbers killed on Akyem Ettukrom and bunso road, leaving Koforidua to Haewae (Highway) on the sixth day of the 26th June 2021.
The incident happened a few hours later, and the two suspectes were seized, Haruna Amadu (75 years old) and Joseph Nyira (75 years old).
Two illegal weapons were identified, a knife, and a 257.
One man was killed on the same torture stake on Wednesday, 24th May, after robbers attacked individuals on Koforidua-Akyem Kukurantumi road in the Eastern Region.
At about 4:30 p.m., the robbers attacked Barfuor Nkwanta near the bank of Sorkode Dwaso, where the police stationed.
According to one of the robbers, about twenty-thirds of people were rescued by robbers, and about 50,000 were collected.
By the time it was eight in the evening, robbers were robbed of guests and benches (petrol on Akyem Kukurantumi with guns being shot, and on Wednesday, April 23, they also destroyed the bar of the guests’ dining room and picked up GH¢137.00 at the gas pollution site.
The defence officer was also used to bridle the wall. When the robbers returned to the site, the security men escaped.
No more accidents occurred.
The Apollos received seven kinds ofcartridges, one inki and three kinds of retail in the area where the incident occurred.
The robbers reloaded into a black bauxite and escaped.
The robberies took place about three nights and corresponded to the death of 35-year-old Nuhu Yashawa at Akyem Osiem.
The robberies that took place on Monday, April 5, 2021, at 7:00 p.m. and followed the robberies of four armed men and knives at Goodness Filling Station in Akyem Osiem, killed one.
The robbers withdrew an unknown amount of money. They think these were all the money they had acquired from all the night’s activities.
The robbers also picked up the motorola fone of Adamu Zakari, a suspect, who was 30 years old in the area.
In the area where the incident took place, the police committed five innocent acts.
Rev. John Ntim Fordoour, a deputy Education Minister and also a MP for the Assin South Parliament, has led teachers to acknowledge that their counsel is of concern to the government.
According to him, plans have been made to introduce the Teacher Welfare App to address the concerns.
The Vice Minister of Education acknowledges that the government is concerned about teachers’ counsel and has assured them that any problem with teachers’ qualifications, their economy, and their counsel will be solved.
In an attempt to solve the problems that teachers are facing, Rev. Fordure indicates that a cake has been sent (a number of people) to go to each region to solve the problems that teachers are facing in order to get better.
The app of the Education Minister, Dr. Yaw Osei Adutwum, is said to help solve many of the problems that beset teachers.
John Ntim Fordeour urged the teachers’ committees to exercise faith in the government to address their concerns. He made the statement in a press interview with the Ghana National Association of Teachers (GNAT) on 19th Friday.
They also use this assembly to teach their views on money, which was entitled “Beyond Teachers’ Fund; Making the Teacher Eonomyally Sound.”
Speaking to GNAT officials and the department, he added that teachers in the country have contributed to the development of the country and emphasized that the government will address the problems facing teachers.
He assured GNAT that they would introduce initiatives to widen out. he commended GNAT for their business plans to have a greater share in the Unique Insurance and the Swedish Ghana Medical Centre. he also commended GNAT for their participation in the witnessing work and construction projects for their respective members.
Rev. Ntim Fordjour assured teachers that each part of the Ministry of Education will provide teachers with 280,000 computers to get through the debt so that they can do their job well.
She pleaded with teachers across the country to join the Ministry of Education to promote literacy.
The Central Regional Police has given a five-year-old fake physician and his 36-year-old daughter up at Assin Adedeamtem in the Assin South District of the Central Region.
In an interview with EIB Network announcer Yaw Boagyan, he added, a deputy regional police officer, Pro Sgt Evans Isaao Entie indicates that a group of people from theomplaints and Investigative unit of the Ghana Medical Dental Council of Accra from Accra and the police at Assin Adadientem, delivered five-year-old Samuel Odartei, a deceiver who claims to be an aged physician about five years old at his home in the Assin Adentem.
When the police arrived, his 30-year-old daughter, Alberta Lanuekor, was tired of stealing one and others were still waiting to be looked after.
The two were dispatched to police custody; they were equipped with machinery, surgery, and other drugs.
The false doctors were identified by Yaw Boagyan, a researcher in the EIB Network Central Region.
According to them, many unlawful abortions were committed and some people passed through and lost their lives.
The two have the police’s backing, supporting the investigation.
Four persons in bomso in the Oforikrom metropolitan region of the Ashanti Region have been flooded by torrential rains on Thursday, May 23, 2021.
The Assembly member of the bomso Electoral District, Isaao Appiah, announced that the incident indeed occurred, indicating that on Friday, he had urged the people to search for the missing.
Kumasi, the capital of the Ashanti region, has been hit by torrential rains in the last two days and has destroyed an inheritance of about a million dollars.
Kumasi's song also played a role in the floodwaters that fell on Wednesday. The floodwaters swept through songful buildings and featured a lot of bottles.
I, Osei Asibey Antwi, is taking a break because she is sick, to the Starr FM announcer in the Ashanti region, Isaao Justice Bediako as the KMA social club, to assemble to discuss the floodwaters going on in Kumasi.
I have never seen a catastrophic flood in Kumasi this morning, but I have never seen a catastrophic flood in Kumasi this day. As for now, we have to plan the roads, we have to think that there will be a drop in water.”
He added that at the end of the meeting, the gatherings will be inundated in areas affected by the floodwaters, as well as in expectations of how the excavators can help the affected, as well as in the planning of the excavators.
The inhabitants of the cities of Ephia-Kwesimimim, as well as the capital of Sekondi Takoradi, are frightened and thrown into the trap of stealing in their communities.
This was announced at a time when the three robbers were divided into two at Tanokrom, a street in the cities of Ephia-Kwesim, and these robbers, riding on a motorbike, trapped a woman with an unnamed amount in the ‘Iame is love’ dining room.
When they were unsuccessful, they were loaded down to their Takoradi Mall but one tried to escape with the weeds.
Those robbers were severely beaten by the suspects before they were committed to the police. The lady who was gradually trapped was successful because she picked up her baagi and had everything in it.
During the previous week, residents of the SSNIT room were unable to sleep because some private people used motorbikes to make known their sensitivity to the day.
Additionally, TV camera told three drivers in a motorcycle that they wanted to get into a drinking place or Westline in the capital of Sekondi-Takoradi. Prince Kojo Arthur, a newsman to the United States, who also serves as the Takoradi leadership of the Takori West, the New Patriotic Party, said the mothers are trying to escalate into their lives.
he claims that there was no answer from the police in spite of the reports on the various crimes committed by the mosquito, there was no answer from the police.
Nelson Roland, a former robber who had been picked up by robbers, said a motorbike was hit by a motorbike in a traffic car. When he got out of his car to find out the damage to his car, he returned with his Iphone 12 and some precious items in his car. It was used for about two months.
Rescuers of Koforidua Dwakere, who were buried in Fanteakwa Rural Bank, have filed a new complaint against the bank regarding their unreliable spending.
The contractors have appealed to the President Akufo-Addo and the MP, Alban Bagbin and the Bank of Ghana to help in obtaining their money.
The Fanteakwa Rural Bank, a member of Parliament for the Fanteakwa North, was established in the year's second and fifth centuries but collapsed in the year's second and second centuries.
The bank has its headquarters in Begoro and its branch offices in Koforidua, Osiem, Suhum, Anyem, and various facilities in the region.
It is thought that about 1,000 people were buried in this bank.
Most of the survivors are farmers, businessmen, businessmen, teachers, clergymen, miners, and retailers.
Others have been trapped by the rest of their money, and some have been trapped in death, as well as the deceased’s business.
A large percentage of the victims are estimated to be about GH¢500.00 to GH¢27,000.00 and are trapped in the deceased banks.
The suspects took a lot of proceedings before the 2016 elections to set fire on the MP to pay them their money. Some of the suspects also received a lot of their money.
In a conversation with the journalists at Koforidua, some twenty-thirds of their cash marks led the MP for failing to budget their money.
According to them, they did everything they could to get their money but it didn’t work. They also declared that the MP should also be called on.
Speaking to the news reporter, Elizabeth Amoah, a businessman, announced that the MP, after the 2020 election, will pay their money to them but will not take it on if it is called a pickup.
“I went to Begoro to get his money during the 2020 election election, and with the apology of the MP, I assured him that after the election, he would pay him his money. It is unfortunate, after the election, when the MP won, I called the MP up for him.”
He added, “What is the reason why the MP will scam me and take over the gathering of GH]12,000,000. I am in the process of speaking to President Akufo-Addo and Parliamentarians, that they should speak to Amankwah Asiamah and give my money to me or that we will come together to the House and Parliament to save our money.”
Another person who has lost much of his money adds, “I am pleading with President Akufo Addo and MP, Alban Bagbin to put up with the matter. As a NPP, this MP is also very bad with us. In the 2020 election, my daughter and I went to Begoro to see this MP, and he has not left us. I cried. Why should we be treated this way?”
Additional merchants also made known their arms around them, because of the marriage that has been broken and driven through the rest of their money.
The MP of Fanteakwa North, the President of the Bank, Amankwah Asiamah, said nothing about the incident.
On the contrary, he had reiterated that it was untrue to have used the funds of the banks to borrow money from Nana Akufo Adoo, to compare the 2012 census that led to the bank’s disappearance.
According to the MP, it is not true that the bank handed down a thousand claims that the bank paid the banks for most of them.
Adam Mutaw Kilu, a member of Parliament’s Minerals and Electrical Chief of Justice, was attracted to the Chief of Justice for $ 170,000,000,000, according to him, if the matter was preached in Ghana, he’t come off victorious.
According to him, the Chief Justice will do all he can to gain a victory.
The MP told Francis Abban on Morning Star on Thursday, “We saw and saw that it had done all the things it had to do and that it had to do in the Parliament. As for me, it was not necessary for the government to end the strike. Noah! They knew that the government would advise wherever it was in their world. They thought they were going, they did it for any success.”
The Chief Justice has applied all the charges to Mahama’s administration.
The start of the trial
Meanwhile, the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 per cent for the canceling of the court’s contract with the GP limit.
By the time of the Minister of Energy, Boakye Agyarko, the process was interrupted, as well as other electrical controls. The government of the NPP indicated that the country did not need this power system.
The ruling by the International Court of Arbitration urged the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,661 with any interest rate from the decade to the end of the 2018 cyclone to end the cyclone in Ghana.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,877/74 to GendiC for debt related to the court order and $3,000,000 to GendiC for debt related to their drivers and witnesses. The entire debt fell to $3,309,877.74.
The inhabitants of the A'ako Ochioso area in the Central Region are overjoyed because the Oohi river is full of fish and provides their drinking water.
This happened on Thursday, after flooding, according to the residents, a blessing their grandparents have bestowed upon them.
Authorities in the area disregarded permission for residents to take some fish home.
They, along with Yaw Boagyan, a Kasapa FM announcer and Wofa Yaw Obosu, who worked on the river banks, indicated that something similar has never happened since the time of the woman in the town, and she believes it is a blessing to the region.
He indicated that some fish would be exported. “When fish came into the riverbanks, I picked up the twenty-five-year-old fishing business in the music of Mank? and Kasoa.”
“I need to be reasonable because something similar has never happened before in the Aumako King’s community.”
The residents then pleaded with the fish-and-water Commission to help them get their pockets to market the fish.
According to a resident in the area, “we have no work in the Aumako government, so this will help us to find work to support our children financially at school and at home. We are pleading with the elders to come and help us deal with the stressful work that we are experiencing in the Aumako Ohioso region.”
Members of the Asembele Committee of the Minerals Commission, Maxwell Mensah, pleaded with the Ministry of Water and Water and the government to assist residents of the area to obtain equipment to help them catch fish in the river so that the youth can find work.
The Director-General of the Institute of Energy Security, Nana Amoasi VII, has expressed his concern to the Chief Executive Officer, Godfred Dame, who claims to have failed to perform his work in behalf of the government of Ghana to supplement Ghana’s Power Generation company (GC GP).
Citing an interview on the Morning Starr on Thursday, Nana Amoasi VII announced that the Chief Executive Officer was not going to tell Ghanaians how he did not go on $170,000,000.
“We were entitled to compromise, but we defended ourselves with COVID-19 and election. The Attorney General did not do well. He did not have to do what he had to do. It is not possible for us to look into the situation.
He made these statements in a statement by the Supreme Court of London, which reiterated the decision of the government of Ghana to pay the total amount of $ 170,000,000,000 to the Ghana Power Generation company.
According to London, the government of Ghana disregarded the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) tribunal.
The court’s judgment was delivered on Wednesday, May8 when he urged the government of Ghana to pay the fine because of the simplicity of the ruling.
According to the government’s Chief Justice, Godfred Dame, the 2020 election was due to the delays of COVID-19 and the London elections rejected his claims.
Charles Kimmins Qo and Mr. Tushingham, who are a member of the Ghana Parliament, in the midst of the hearing, say the government of Ghana picked up the matter before hearing it.
The government of Ghana used the Khawar Qureshi Qo at the district of Serle and Volteraa Fietta, while it included the Omnia Strategy. During the court’s session, G”o also used the Three’s rowns and the Ghana corporation Kimathi & partners as well as the FTI unulting.
Ghana sent a delegation from the Chief Justice of the state, akakye and Amofa & partners in Accra.
Three persons in the trial, including John Beeohy, the Head of the Internationalriminal Court of Arbitration, and Prof Albert Fiadoui, a Ghanaian scholar, granted the Ghanaian government a free payment of $ 170,000,000.
The $134.35 million is to be cut short and 69.36 million is to be cut short, 58.49 million is to be borrowed, 6.46 million is to be borrowed and 32,448 million is to be borrowed.
The court also cost the government of Ghana $6 14,353.86 for the court’s debt and $3 million for the court’s debt.
According to the court’s statement, the alleged cutting-off of the court, at the time of the court, did not get the valid basis for claiming that the canceling of the court will cost only $18,000,000 to Gaming.
In response to the court’s decision, the government of Ghana subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently subsequently submitted the ruling by the Government of Ghana to the Blue OOean reservation on the 5th day of 2017, according to the basis for the canceling of the ruling.
The court ruling said the government of Ghana had not yet acquired any evidence including the Energy Commission Act to ensure accuracy.
According to the court’s ruling, Dr. Ahenkorah (General of the Electoral Commission) created an obstacle to leading to registration in March 2017; and the Commissioner for volunteer effort, on the basis of PPA’s decision by Dr. Ahenkorah, in response, is waiting to receive an answer from the Ghana Parliament in an attempt to discourage the existence of the National Security Service and the PPA,” he added.
According to the British law, the government is in a state of 24 hours to appeal to the court’s ruling, and they have no application until the trial is completed in the third day, before prosecution is renewed for a period of time.
Omnia Strategy, a British legal firm, pleaded to add 50 days to the period, which was twice the time they had to go on the matter.
The court-martial lasted the eighth April, 2021, when the government was scheduled to commemorate the court’s judgment that was announced in the January. Moreover, the government remained there until the first April, 2021, when it was signed. Meanwhile, Britain’s legal agency, Volteraa Fietta, was informed by the government to sign the court’s ruling.
The Appointments Officer of the Supreme Court of the United States, on the 10th of May, issued the ruling of the Supreme Court, Godfred Yeboah Dame, on the 5th of May, according to the ruling of the state, was called upon to sign the ruling process.
The Court is announcing its ruling on May 8 2021, according to the ruling that it has been delivered in all cases, in less than 10 cases.
Justice Butoher, a judge, has hesitated.
According to the Global Arbitration Review, the prosecution, according to the ruling, is suspected that the government’s delay is not only temporary but also substantial and that its preliminary curfew had begun after 307 days and also twenty-seven days after the preliminary elections.
According to him, the drawing of money in the court order will not permit the drawing of money as it did.
He added, in addition to the fact that on the 5th May, when the President is appointed, it allows the government to make use of its timetable.
The start of the trial
Meanwhile, the International Court of Arbitration had ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 per cent for the canceling of the contract contract with the GP limit.
By the time of the Minister of Energy, Boakye Agyarko, the process was interrupted, as well as other electrical controls. The government of the NPP indicated that the country did not need this power system.
The ruling by the International Court of Arbitration urged the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,661 with any interest rate from the decade to the end of the 2018 cyclone to end the cyclone in Ghana.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,877/74 to G FCC for the expenses of the trial, and $3,000,000 for the debt spent on their drivers and witnesses. All of this cost $3,309,877.74.
A small girl in Sawaba hasly been picked up by torrential rains in Kumasi, the Ashanti regional capital.
This young boy was traveling with his parents, living in pragia. As a result of the flooding, the pragia collapsed.
The inhabitants of the area were said to have bought the water and rescued the parents but failed to find the young child because the water had gone.
One of the residents in the area told Francis Abban on Morning Star Thursday, “The body of the young victim has not been seen. The incident has really hurt his parents. It’s difficult to get on the Sawaba road when it’s rain. There’s a lot of water on the soil, so we don’t know why the one driving the pragia went on that road that led to the death of the yearly boy.”
Others that the call to bring President Akufo-Addo from the Upper East Region was also in the floodwaters.
The robbery, Iddrisu Adams, popularly known as Koomi, was picked up by the Ashanti regional police as a result of the alleged robberies. He was killed while he was fleeing while the police were delaying.
The suspect was one of the suspects picked up by the police and was killed on May 23, 2021, after the police were injured.
On May 23, 2021, the police were taken to areas where he allegedly belonged to his fellow robbers and tried to escape. The police killed him to prevent him from escaping.
She was taken to St. Martins hospital and there she left.
The police have declared that they are looking for his robbers, and they have been advised to go out to the nearest police force.
The police assured the public that they would do all they could to combat theft and also petitioned the public for help.
The Defence Minister, Albert Kan Dapaah, has explained why he has disregarded the security agency of the Ashanti region, the DCOP Opare-Addo.
According to the former Dapaah, they did everything they had to do to get the security agency off when it was disfellowshipped; hence, what they had to do was done.
The Deputy Defence Officer told the Star News that a group of NPP, called the Delta Foroe, revoked his rights because he failed to do what was expected of him in the region.
In a conversation with the South Dayi legislature, Roo-Nelson Dankamekpo, the Minister of Defence and Defence, revealed that the exercise was conducted by public officials.
On the contrary, he did not state the reason for the expulsion of Mr. Opare-Addo, indicating the need for compulsory ouster.
Opare-Addo had signed his three-year contract as the Ashanti regional security commissioner during the two-year contract which began on the 5th May 2018 (the first contract was completed).
On the contrary, it was rejected by the demographers on the 10th day of rescue, in 2021. despite the fact that it was dismissed, it was paid to DCOP Opare-Addo according to the incumbence. After he was disfellowshipped, the Hamel Francis Arthur was replaced as the Asanti Regional Defence Minister. The incumbence process commenced from the 5th month to the 1st day of the month. However, Opare-Addo did not end up in the Hamel Francis Arthur’s defence policy.
Mr. Dapaah also explained that “asmuch as he did not compromise his assignment, the arrival of the regional security agency was unattainable. As a result, the security workers were dispatched in the 5th month, and the 10th day of 2021, to go to the Ashanti region to find out why the DCOP Opare-Addo had not departed, and if necessary, a new facility should be laid in the office. At the end of the day, the security agency was rescued in the hospital to find out why the Opare had not departed.”
He added, “to this day, DCOP Opare-Addo has not put anything in front of the National Defence Command, nor I who am a motorcyclist for suspecting someone. nor have the National Defence Command, to this day, been informed by the police that it has brought any incident to them.”
If the DCOP Opare-Addo takes appropriate measures to accuse any human, I'll like to have a look at the case.
The exhausted British Haekisa in Ghana, Ay Walker and the Chairperson of EIB Network, Nathan Kwabena Adisi, popularly known as Bola Ray, went to Waakye on Wednesday, at the outskirts of Accra. They went with the King Promise.
The corruption, entitled “Taste Ghana” led by Bola Ray, was aimed at bringing the British Haekourse into Ghana’s varieties. The robberies of Waakye were started at a famous retail market in Accra New Town and completed at the retail market in Nima.
The police in Adeiso in the Eastern region seized 24 days of firearms from a sand mine.
According to the government’s police, on May 23, 2021, it wasly suspected that some individuals were mining in the Okaikrom area near Adeiso.
The police arrived at the site and picked up a pair of headaches and two peelings for sand.
The headache teraks were being pulled away from the peelockers when they saw the police coming, and the police tried to get the clutse Kofi, whose number was GE 7191-19.
Four pistols and seventy-eighty-out weapons are found in the chest as they search into the chest.
An interview with the Eastern Regional Police Command to Starr News said it is true that this person has been picked up.
According to him, the victim was picked up as armed with guns belonging to the Sammer." unstruotion and the Sand Winning company.
According to him, the suspect and the weapons in the deceased were taken to police custody.
This happened at the time the suspect were being picked up in the sandy area.
At two in the afternoon, May 5, 2021, when the robbers of three and a half browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing browsing
On hearing the incident, the police rushed to the village to rescue him, but the suspects escaped to the Summer ICT companytu area of the village of Obeng Yaw, near Adeiso, where they were firing guns.
The second suspects, Alhassan Zakari, were killed during a violent shooting.
Five people were tortured in the area, all loaded down, and taken to an unknown place.
According to the site, he later realized that his GH¢96,000 was picked up while he was being killed.
The Kyebi police rescued five suspects picked up by the suspects.
The subjects were picked up by the Adeiso’s police officers at 4:00 in the evening.
When the police searched through Nana Barfuor Sarpong, who was said to be a national security officer, they found one AK47, three kinds of guns, and spectators.
The Alhassan Zakariah and the Bright Apamah were transferred to an Eastern region hospital in Koforidua.
Meanwhile, the CID in the Eastern region has taken over the incident.
The victims are being rescued.
Koforidua Sweat to the five victims, including the Akyem Abuakwa chief, who claimed to be a national security officer, GH¢200,000 beeli were held without signing by two suspects.
The accused were Nana Barfuor Sarpong, Nana Barima Twum Tarbiade II, all chiefs of Akyem Abuakwa.
They include eunuchs Martey, Eric Yaw Boateng, Viotor Khenkora Koranteng, and so forth.
They were to appear before court on May 10, 2021, where they were convicted of seven different forms of charges: plans for arrest, burial, personal mutilation, robbery, robbery, and suicide.
The hearing has taken place on the 31st day of 2021.
The prosecution, Mrs. Cyril Boateng Keteku, a deputy state commander, called the prosecution, Osae Kwame ( 75 years old and Alhassan Zakari ( 39 years old who have been victimized by the miners, all farmers.
The third is Samuel Astu Forson, Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Justice
According to the complaint, Nana Baffuor Sarpong, who claims to be a national security officer, was asked as a tutorist and a technician.
The second is Nana Barima Twum Tabirade, a chief of the Akyem region, and the third is eunuch Martey, a successor to Nana Barfuor, and the fourth is Eric Yaw Obeng, a helper to Nana Barfuor, whereas the fifth is Vior Ahenkora Koranteng, an emigerator’s office.
The others have been displaced.
The government has also planned to rebuild the Ghanaian oppressors of Burkina in Bawku. He has set up a barak in Bawku in an attempt to improve safety in Bawku.
The President, Akufo-Addo, made the statement after the security forces were sensitive to the robbers from the Burkina business.
He made these statements when concerned with Bawku Naba as he brings his robbery to the end in the Upper East region.
The nearness of this region to Burkina Faso is why you are being harassed by these persecutors who are trying to bring problems and reports to Ghana.
“Wawku Naba, they are familiar with the government’s policies to enhance the quality of safety and to deal with the invasion of the invaders from Burkina Faso, ” he added.
“I'm glad to put before you that a military camp is going to be built in this area and that they will collaborate with the ongoing strike,” he added.
Asigiri Abugrago Azoka II, who is Bawku Naba and who is also president of the Kusaug chiefs, declared that the chiefs and people of the Kusaug region and Ghanaians in general are grateful to the initiative of the President of Ghana, Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo-Addo.
Rewarding President Akufo-Addo for his victory in elections, with the nation’s destiny in charge for the next four years, Bawku Naba told the President, “It is for your hard work that you have this appointment. I pray that God will give you the wisdom and the strength so you will be able to bring your plans to completion.
A survey conducted by Child Rights International revealed that among the 11,288 children between the ages of 10 and 17, 50 percent of them wanted to leave the country to go abroad to find a better job.
Up to 10 percent declared that they did not know how to live or how to leave the country.
Fifty-five-five-thirds of those with whom they were contacted indicated that they would be able to move to a foreign country; about a decade-five-five-thirds of those with whom they were contacted because they want a better career, or because they go to school or because of a better life.
As to whether the country’s future is going to be stable or not, the survey indicated that “there are about 80 percent of the miners, the country was in good shape in the next two decades. Over 75 percent of the miners say they don’t know the country’s future. And when it comes to education and employment, the survey indicated: “The children are said the country’s future. Of them, 47% they say they don’t realize that their education will help.
A group of youths in the Ashanti Region took the lead in organizing the lighthouse’s okra International meeting in the region following the comments by their Chief Executive Officer, Bishop Dag Heward-Mills, about Asantehene, the Chief Executive Officer, Osei Tutu in his ministry.
His statement in which he preached the Devotion has expanded the social media; the statement is questioning the impact the chiefs have had on their rulers in the community.
According to the youth, the famous preacher has been disrespectful to the Authority and has to do something greater than good in order to be forgiving.
The Chief Secretary of the Association, Kwabena Frimpong, stated: “We have given the High Priest Dag Heward two hours to delay, or we will compare all his services in the Central Republic. Then we are warning those who use church and politics to mask their faces and oppose the Assyrians and the Authority, Osei Tutu. We will assure them that we can confront them.”
The Vice Chancellor, Dag Heward Mills, has apologized.
In an apology, the preacher declared, “I am sorry that what I said it was two decades ago that some individuals who said they are going to make any effort to revert to our assembly in Kumasi.
“I'm going to see my defeat, the Chief Executive Officer, Nana Osei Tutu II, for the disrespect and trouble that I have put into his courtyard. I'm pleased that he will accept my defeat.”
The National Democratic Congress has rejected the Chief Justice, Kwasi Anin-Yeboah for the appeal of the General Legal Council to the lawyer Dominic Ayine. This appeal is said to be a violation of Dominic Ayine’s freedom of speech.
Dr Ayine announced that the ordering regulations were not being applied in the preaching work. nor does he understand that the ordering had been disregarded.
He made the statement at a partnership with the Centre for Democratic Development (CDD) and KNUST.
The Chief Justice appointed the GLC to summon the MP to appear on the proposed issues, and it would be administered in the case of penalties.
Speaking to the press on Monday, the NDC Secretary-General, Johnson Asiedu Nketia, asked the highest judge to reject the complaint against the Bolgatanga East MP.
Mr. Asiedu Nketia, popularly known as General Mosquito, said, “The people must exercise their own faith in government’s constitution, but it is not mandatory. How long have you been hearing a court ordering someone that I am bringing my ruling, but I am warning you not to mention it.”
He added, “As with Parliament and government allies, the state’s legislature is also superior to rebuke. Our constitution and our constitution guarantee the freedoms of the state’s legal corporation, not just one judge. That notion that some people think they cannot censure the state’s legal corporation as something unacceptable is a mystery,” he added.
Mr. Asiedu Nketia also filed a complaint to the Chief of Justice, namely, that the NDC prosecution had been targeted, and he was called upon to stop it.
It is no surprise that all of the chief Justice, Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah, who have been compelled to go to court have a partnership with NDC. Why is it that the chief Justice is keenly interested in drawing up all the other members of the NDC that he wants to do for them?”
Ghana is second in Africa to be a peaceful country when Mauritius takes the lead in the 2021 Global Peace Index announced by the Institute for Economics and peace.
When it comes to measuring universal peace, the Global Peace Index is the first. Three hundred and sixty-three countries are measured in this way to determine how their country is stable and how it is stable. This investigation is a continuous and comprehensive investigation into today’s stability, economic importance, and approach to peace in the communities.
For the third and a half centers, the survey reveals that Ghana a total of 38 percent. Ghana acquired 1.715 percent that led to a double increase over the previous one.
Mauritius, the first African country, was in the first half of the country, in the second half of the country, and Botswana, the third in the second half of the country, in the first half of the country. Nigeria, the entire country, was in the first place, including Togo, Uganda, Kenya, ReP Public of the region, and Cameroon.
Iloeland continues to be the first peaceful nation in the world, especially since 2017. The highest of its members are New Zealand, Denmark, Portugal, and Slovenia.
Afghanistan has been one of the worst peacemakers of the last four years, including Yemen, Syria, South Sudan, and Iraq. According to the Global Peace Index 2021, this country, Burkina Faso, has been one of the lowest peacemakers.
Research indicates that many countries in sub-Saharan Africa have been affected by violence, and Namibia has a six-percent rate of violence.
South Sudan is still one of the most stable countries in the area, and in the whole world, it is one of the most stable countries despite being restored to peace.
The country in the area, where peace has declined, is Burkina Faso, and it affects all nations. The government handed the people a gun in the hands of the people to combat the strike and destroy the environment.
According to the poll, the world’s population was in a decline of 10 percent due to Coronavirus’ impunity, a worldwide total of 14,871 cases in 2020
According to the poll, both politics and society were affected by a chaotic trend, which would have a devastating impact on the economy, whether or not, whereas the economy is much less economically stable and stable than it is in its own country.
Still, three-thirds of the world’s population are now better off than they were in the last five years. There has been a drastic change in the areas of unrest, and since 2008, the death toll in one hundred and twenty-thirds of countries has declined drastically.
The report also indicated that “the global peace rate has been reduced to 0.07% for the 2021 Global Peace Index. Despite its righteousness, it has been nine years since the decline in the three decades of universal peace.
“In the last year, when it comes to peace, there were eight countries ahead of them, and seventy-three other countries behind them, there were no changes in three countries, including the Middle East and North Africa. There are still three of the most peaceful countries in the world. Rather, it is the place where they move forward to a peaceful door in the year.”
Europe is still the most peaceful place in the world. There are eight of the ten most peaceful countries in the world, and as part of the explanation, there are no countries in the southernmost Europe.
The appointed President, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, has reassured Ghanaians that their lives will be restored to his administration.
According to him, for the next four years, there will always be a highlight in every Ghanaian community.
“I am worried that the next four years will give us a lot of meaning in the lives of all Ghanaians,” the President made the statement while he was speaking a failure in Nigeria.
Citing an interview with the governor of the Imo State of Nigeria, Owelle Roohas Anayo Okoroha on Monday, Mr Akufo-Addo added: “ Over the last three or four years, the economy of Ghana has failed, and we believe that if we are self-restrainted, we are working hard and we are planning the road, we will be restored to its well-being.”
The President who dismissed the former chairman, John Dramani Mahama in a subsequent election in Nigeria, will be able to engage in a discussion with the President of Nigeria, Muhammudu.”
President Akufo-Addo also assured the governor of the Imo State that the rapid relationship between Ghana and Nigeria will be strengthened.
“We appreciate the partnership of the two nations,” he added. “The partnership is essential for our children and adults. It assures the children that we are working to help solve their problems and improve their lives,” he added. “The partnership is beneficial both for West Africa and for Africa.
President John Dramani Mahama has appointed Joseph Whittal to be a consultant for the Commission on Human Rights and Administrative Justice (CHRAJ)
Mr. Whittal was swept on Tuesday afternoon at Flagstaff House to begin his work.
Mr. Whittal has been questioning HRA since the President dismissed the question, Lauretta Vivian Lamptey for the loss of debt to the country.
Mr. Josephine Nkrumah has been appointed by the President to the National Commission for Civic Education (NCCE).
Mr. Nkrumah, who was then vice president of the trial, has replaced Mr. Charlotte Osei, whom the President appointed to handle the national elections in our previous month.
This government’s initiative to the private sector came after a week before the NPP Minister, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, removed the President who lived on the chair from the chair.
The appointment of the President is scheduled to be held in the seventh week of 2017.
The GN Health Insurance Company, a member of the Groupe Nduom, has embarked on the ambolans business in Ghana.
They are seeking to enhance the quality of care they need as quickly as possible.
The GN Health Ambulance Service will take 24 hours to ensure that nursing care is available to those in need.
The Chief Executive Officer of GN Health, Issah Adam, said, “Bio, our Chief Executive Officer of Groupe Nduom, Dr. Papa Kwesi Nduom and his vice president, Mrs Yvonne Nduom and the management of the company are doing something else to enhance the quality of their staff.”
He added to the doctors at the conference, “We is also the great start of Groupe Nduom. The ambolans program has been added to the existing medical system for the benefit of the staff in the Greater Accra and the Central Region.”
Research indicates that 60 percent of women who have lost their lives either after birth or after birth are based on failure to be taken to hospital. According to experts, the GN Health Ambulance Service may be able to eradicate the most death-dealing process by transporting them to hospitals.
“GN Health will ensure that there are well-trained doctors and professionals who know how to deal with problems that arise.”
adding, the Ford ambolans 350 has all the ingredients needed to treat those in need of treatment before they are taken to hospital. Command, too, that more people are going to be taken to hospitals without being able to care for those in need of treatment to the point of reaching the hospital.”
The Ambolans have all the equipment they need to be used to get to the hospital. They have all the equipment they need to be used to get to the hospital.
The government said it will take it along with all who were injured on the lawn on Thursday.
Six persons have been killed in the tragedy at the Trade Fair Centre in Accra, while twenty others have been injured.
The Minister of Agriculture, Alex Segbefia, after visiting the injured persons receiving medical attention at the La General, Police and 37 Military hospitals, commended the local doctors and staff for their hard work.
According to the President, the state will take on any debt to the victims of the pandemic, so let him accuse the headquarters of the hospitals to gather all the debt.”
“As you have already known as the packers, they have to wash their hands every day, replace their dresses and shoes, and treat them with medicine. All of this is expensive. All of this is expensive. It has to be accompanied by some doctors and nurses, and you have to do the same in the hospital.”
The President, John Dramani Mahama, has also urged Ghanaians to pray for the injured.
The President, who had been disfellowshipped on the chain, delivered his Facebook screens on Friday for the injured.
“I give strength to the family and to all who are victims of the recent crash. We continue to pray for those who are injured.”
Five people have been killed by fire at an oil market near the Ghana International Trade Fair Centre in Accra.
The fire, according to the residents, also destroyed operations in the area.
According to Veroniwa Koomson, ambolans and other armed men who visited the area contributed to the reduction of the fire.
The Speaker of the Ghana National Fire Service (GNFS), Prince Billy-Anaglatey, said in front of Starr News announcer, Amanor, “We are trying to bring the fire down. There are also Armed Foroes officers here, who are doing their utmost to quench the fire.”
Koomson announced that if the fire is not burned out, it will also be used at a nearby oil market.
According to Billy-Anaglatey, he cannot say that anyone else is injured, adding that what concerns them now is to put out the fire and prevent it from happening elsewhere.
They don't know what caused the fire. The area is very dark because the fire has destroyed all the electricity in the area.
One person has been lost in vain after an accident that happened yesterday, at Ekumfi Akoti in the Ekumfi District of the Central Region.
The Nigerians, whose life was lost, pulled out of the road and burnt into his car.
The coat was full of color, going from Mankessim to Nigeria.
The residents announced that the person departed on the other day and entered the trash.
The residents managed to rescue the two who were trapped before the fires fell and the driver lost his life.
The two are receiving nursing care at the Ooke Regional Hospital.
Later, people from the Ghana Fire Service arrived to burn the fire.
Adding to these accidents, two more accidents occurred on the road two weeks ago.
In the last two weeks, ten-five persons were killed in this manner, after a partnership between Yutong and Sprinter.
Some chiefs in the Ga traditional community have given a week to the Minority, or Ayibarte, to freeze the stream.
The chiefs are offended by the words he made before the 2016 elections.
So Ayibarte assured President, John Mahama, that if he took the lead, he would get out of his chair.
Ah Ayibarte reprimanded his chiefs for his belief in Mahama’s success in the elections on the basis of a lot of necessities.
The head of Accra Heart of Oak, however, was fooled when he threw his chain on the floor.
Nim Ayibarte has said nothing about what it will be like for Nana Akufo-Addo to complete the victory.
The chiefs of Ga, who are urged to leave the chair, also brag about themselves, claiming that he is not entitled to rulership.
According to the police, two women were killed and more than a dozen were injured after an accident that occurred on Beenada on the road of Daboya-Borumu in the Upper region.
From Daboya to Sawla, there were ten-four people attending a wedding.
The Chief of Police in the West Gonoua District, ASP Seidu Wemeh, according to the report, as the number of AS 2304-15 reached the Daboya area, he was trapped in the trash and, as a result, the two were killed instantly.
The two women they left were adult women between the ages of 47 and 55.
They cannot know the cause of the accident, ASP Seidu indicates that the police will do some research to see if the driver was drinking.
he added that the injured were transferred to local heaps in Tamale and that only one person was transferred to Damongo.
Accidents occur rarely on the Daboya-Babunu road despite the uncompletion of the road.
Residents of the area say it is not true that there are first accidents in the area this year.
According to them, immediately after the incident, the police have not been informed.
The Minister of Energy, Dr. Matthew Opoku Prempeh, has declared that the government is doing all it needs to be done, as the Ghana industry has acquired electricity to operate and improve its operations.
he added that most people agree that sunset is essential in order to improve manufacturing efficiency.
He added, “It is the most important unit of electricity, and that is what the developing countries are using in their country to enhance their economy.”
Based on the International Energy Agency’s study of electricity, he added that if money is not invested in energy, it will be difficult to obtain electricity with the consequences.
Dr Opoku Prempeh made the statement after he quoted the statement through his representatives at the Stakeholders Forum on Ghana’s Nuclear Power Programme in Accra.
The association of Nuclear Energy innovation: The Future Tehnologies forlean Energy and how to drive deep as a result of the initiation of the Nuclear Power Ghana (N)
According to Dr Opoku Prempeh, the project will reduce the production of air pollution from trucks and burning equipment.
“The uncertainty about how much electricity is available everywhere, and the high cost of the industry, has created an urgent need for a new electricity source in Ghana,” he added.
According to him, if we look at the country’s need for electricity, the cost of electricity, and the quantity of temperatures, we will be able to obtain electricity for kiln.
New energy sources not only supply electricity on the floor but also enhance the state’s efficiency as long as it operates on the whole sector.
he added that the President of 2017, John Agyekum Kufuor, was deceived by Professor Daniel Adzei-Bekoe, and was in charge of the investigation into the possibility that the heat of the day will give all of Ghana electricity.
Meanwhile, Ghana had a lot of power problems.
To improve the quality of electricity provided by the state, he added that the government, along with all the applicants, took steps to improve the quality of the sanitary system.
As a result, Ghanaian first sunset can be traced back to the beginning of the 20th century.
he added that in the midst of Mr. Fred O marriage, they took the lead in focus on the necessary equipment to ensure that strict planning would be implemented to enhance the quality of sunset operations in the country.
The minister added that apart from keeping electricity out of the sun, it can also help reduce the pollution in the country.
He added that “tenderness is contributing to the growth of people’s lives in a wide range of ways and is also contributing to the growth of social services.”
Both industry and agriculture are resorting to energy across the world, including Ghana.
Four years after the imposition of relying on burning and unrestrained wine, this system has moved ahead a lot.
Starting with the number; the number increased to 38.5 in the previous year; it increased to 70.2 in 2020, and the leadership of the project indicates that it will be used by 90 million in 2021.
The Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA) says they are speaking to Food and Beverages Associationof Ghana (FABAG) and other agencies to pay the monthly payment of the vessel.
The BuoK Press, a bridgeship firm in Ghana, and the DelaRue, a British cyclone, are spreading the vessel for the GRA, and the Streamline Resouroes at Tema Port are supporting a wide range of bridges, as well as the equipment for carrying the vessel into their hands.
The Purpose Manigya of the GRA, Mr. Kwabena Apau Awuah Anto, announced that this will help reduce the number of swindles. (the company’s majority take vans to boost the number which the Food and Drugs Authority-FDA has not authorized to include.
Speaking at a time when the Graphic Communications Group Limited (GCGL) was on Wednesday, at Tema Port on Wednesday, Mr Anto announced that GRA’s Chief Executive Officer has authorized 30 other companies, including Guiness Ghana Limited and Coca-Cola Bottling Company, to engage themselves in their own business affairs.
The counselor of Daily Graphic, Mr Kobby As mah, the Director of the Daily Graphic, Mr. Franklin Sowa, was with the editor to the Mirror koowa letter, Ms Doreen Hammond was a member of the Graphic Communications Group Limited, led by Mr. Ato Afful.
The group went to investigate the development of the tax policy and also to collaborate with the GRA to see how the policy would be improved.
Mr. Anto concluded that the tax system will reduce the number of mining cases, enhance the quality of the market, and enhance the health of the country.
Furthermore, he added that these measures will enable the economy to improve its economy and will enable the industry to maintain a balanced level of taxes.
Mr Anto said, “When our work is done here at Tema and in the three locations in the country, we don’t take money from the donor to the donor.”
Their expenses include the sale of the vans, the payment of the workers’ expenses, and the payment of equipment.
According to him, when the period of action started in 2018, the government insisted that no one paid for the vessel and that continued down to now, and that is why the Chief of Parliament planned to meet the country to determine the purpose of the vessel’s payment.
Mr Anto means that the assembly will mean that the GRA will allow the people to pay all the money or share the debt with the people of the country.
In some parts of Kenya, customers pay the boat or allow the boat to be attached to their boat before reaching the country.
The Ghana fleeting policy leaves the applicant or the company accountable.
Countries that are also involved in the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the implementation of the Agreement.
Mr Anto expressed his opinion of the problem the Tema area was facing with the impunity of transporting the boat on time. he added that in the Tema area, the work was being done for those who occasionally subscribed to boat but not for those who regularly subscribed to boat.
Additionally, he added, “the demographers don’t want to spend any more money, so they send their boards to the area of Empathy to keep the boat on their boat, and that is why the boat delays a little.
The number of passengers delays when their passengers don’t change.
The engineers adjusted the equipment to make the vessel operational.
In his comments, Mr As mah called for an admittance to GRA for their plans.
Advertising taxes is important, he added, since it will help to enable all the people of the country to adhere to the policy, and it will help to keep people out of the policy.
The leadership of the GRA and Streamline Resouroes was called on to implement measures to address the problem.
Having determined how the tax system will operate and take place, he announced that GGL and GRA will join them in furtherance of the policy’s advertising.
Mr. As mah declared, “I believe it is at the moment that GGL and GRA join each other to ensure that there is a lot more planning than the announcement is made so that the agreement will be fully understood by the public.”
The Institute of Energy Security (IES) indicates that the prices of oil will be somewhat high.
By the time the oil prices were first reduced in March 2021, the Oil Marketing Officer was reduced to three per cent of the total oil prices, so this time, one gallon [GH] 5.97.
One of the most affordable oil products in the market are Zen Petroleum, Benab Oil, aash Oil, Goodness Oil, Top Oil, and Frimps Oil.
International Benchmark Brent’s analysis of this section indicated that one barrel was rushed to $73.98 in the previous year for $71.
The increase in COVID-19 cases in Europe and the pandemic has hit the United States as a result of an increase in oil prices.
For the first time in the two years, Brent’s value of oil was $75 due to the fact that we entered it and also because it has been granted freedom of movement, the world’s total demand for oil is increasing.
As a result, the number of passengers on board and on board has increased so far.
Brent’s high cost of oil is all due to the barrier to transporting oil to Europe, Asia, and the Middle East due to variations in prices.
The prices of oil will change in our month as a result of the OPEO! meeting which will be held on the first day of our month. They are going to discuss what the weather will be like in the next day of the month.
According to the Standard and Poor’s Global Platts platforms, the oil prices in different countries are said to be high over the course of a short period of time.
Petroleum prices increased 3.47% according to the total sales rate of $671.45 per gallon to $694.78.
Similarly, at a cost of $576.8 per gallon, it was shut out of it to 3,55% at a cost of $597.
Additional research into the world’s economy indicates that the production rate has changed for $1.00 GH¢597.
South Africa has become one of the many countries to which the Nigerian nation has insisted that foreigners or travelers from the country invade Nigeria because of the COVID-19 Delta pandemic in South Africa.
Those who traveled to South Africa two days later are not allowed to enter Nigeria.
Rescuers in South Africa who want to get to Nigeria have to hide for seven days.
This policy also applies to Brazil and the countries of Turkey.
The death of Kaaka Mohammed was both bitter and bitter.
May God keep his soul in hiding, and I also give strength to his disciples.
In fact, some people are saying that the government is behind her death, while others are saying they are praying that the government will know nothing about her death.
This is not all there is to be, however, because it does not necessarily interfere with the actual investigation that is going on.
When we look at the government’s praise for the “fix theountry” issue, I don’t think the government is aware of any of these deaths, even when I’m keenly aware of how repugnant political affairs are, there can be anything even when a man can transform himself into a woman.
The government met the protesters to appeal to their hearts.
The exhibition subsequently compelled the two parties to announce what the government is doing to repair the country.
On the other hand, there are some individuals in the government who do not share the opinion with the participants and who do not share the opinion that the participants do not have the right attitude.
Additionally, the COVID-19 was supported by the police, who tried hard to keep the participants in the exhibition, but the same police failed to stop the crowd attending the funeral of Sir John.
All of this could make it possible for the government to be sanctified for this death, even if some people would think that he is true because there is no reliable evidence.
We must realize that it is unlawful to take for granted that prevailing political uncertainty can also make it possible for people outside the government to be compelled to commit unjust acts or to ignore the rule of government.
Furthermore, we cannot testify to any kind of person behind the death of Kaaka.
A thorough investigation requires that we determine the underlying cause of the allegation.
I do not take all the charges against the unknown soldiers who have attacked the two.
There are some complaints about how they got their job and training.
The government will be further shaken because the policy of the military is largely political, not necessarily political. All of this contributed to the development of Mobrowa Struggle in 2000, which led to my becoming the most potent rector of the party.
We saw the road taken by the police and the military, even if they had to touch us.
Who takes a gun at the stage?
Who wanted to shoot? Man or “beela”?
Is that what they have to shoot and stop the exercise?
How was the soldier employed?
Who employed him? Who trained him?
This person is a wicked person dressed in military uniforms to deceive people.
I am announcing the kabimamenkabi politics to scientists and other African candidates.
What most people do not realize is that, according to them, what is happening according to Ghana’s lack of development in the political sector, this is in conflict with my comments.
What I mean is that, among other members of the government is the military’s approach to the protesters is in sharp contrast with the kabimamenkabi politics.
Does it make a difference to Ghanaians who are participating in the demonstration?
Was it not a water bullet or a plastic bullet?
The government will want to eliminate the leadership of the security agency, and this will help to ensure that the security agencies know how to take advantage of the actions of some private group. The government will want the security agencies to be returned to school to be trained if we have not had a personal incident, or just as we do, to stop the demonstration, if we do not have an incident, if we do not have an incident, if we do not have to do so.
As a result, people are more inclined to act.
The President has to direct his own attention to the matter and assures people that peace and security will bring an end to it.
According to the instructor, the security agency is un Skilled at work.
Since the Asamdwe Kansere is also aggressive, it seems that they have no authority to correct the situation. All of this is why it is necessary for the President to set matters straight on his own. It is as if he does so in the right time.
Nine-year-old Thomas Amoani, a graduate of the Adeiso Presbyterian Senior High School, who acquired excellence from the Ghana Sholarships Secretariat, has expressed his gratitude to the President, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo Addo.
The Vice Chancellor of the Ministry, Mr. Kingsley-Agyemang, has declared that Thomas Amoani, who had only eight years of West Africa’s Seondary School Certificate Examination last year, has been invited to study at the Brunel University in London.
The 10-year-old man from Asuaba near Adeiso, with no money, will be taught Economics and Business finances at the university.
His tragedy swept across the country, when the student interchanged with the media, recounting his story, Thomas Amoani, who said he sometimes traveled ten kilometres of road before he got to school.
The President, Akufo-Addo, heard the incident and demanded that he be given a lot of money.
Leaving the facility, the Vice Chancellor of the Ministry told the media that, what the President has done for Thomas, he will encourage the rest to learn well no matter what their home may be.
Mr. Agyemang declared, “I realize that there are a lot of people living in Thomas, and I am assuring them that a lot of people will be there to help them. It is encouraging to Thomas’ hearers. I will praise President Akufo-Addo for what he has done.”
At the university, Thomas Amoani, a excited man, announced that he would glorify his country and never disappoint Ghana.
“I have never imagined that the President will use the assistant to provide such a privilege. I thank them for their faith in me. I will not let my country be humiliated,” he added.
Brunel University London, a university in the Uxbridge region of London, England, was established in 2966 and the university was named Isambard Kingdom Brunel. This university, according to global technology, is the third and third and third in Europe, according to the THES survey, the 11th university in Britain.
There's nothing wrong with the Supreme Judge, Judge Kwasi Anin Yeboah, to bring a complaint against Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, a lawful and Bolgatanga East MP at the General Legal Council (GLC)
Mr. John Ndebugre, a Zebilla MP, claims that the issues discussed by the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and others on the basis of the allegation must be discussed by Dr Ayine to the Genral Legal Council.
“I believe that the highest judge was the people to initiate the complaint, since Dr Ayine’s statement in response to the complaint was that as a result of the President’s election, he lacks confidence in the public’s legal sector.”
In response to comments by Dr Dominic Akuritinga Ayine during a discussion on the Presidential election Petition and its impact on the African jurisdiction, the Supreme Judge, Dr Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, has appealed to the Court of the GL.
Dr. Ayine has been compelled for his approach to appeal to the government’s legal corporation, and why is it that the President’s 2020 elections were compelled to be held by the national court.
According to the bullying, Dr. Ayine’s argument during the discussion was based on the flagrant application of the constitution of the judicial system and on the abolition of the bullying.
Dr Ayine made this comment some time ago on the appearance of the elector, and then on the appearance of the elector, he defended the appearance. Dr Ayine defended the appearance after he was appeared before the appearance through the appearance through the appearance through the appearance of the elector. According to him, if he was a trucksman and he was also a deputy General, he was not speaking correctly.”
Dr Ayine’s acknowledgment of the superior judges in the elections was that his statement did not disrespect them.
She emphasized that she had not done the wrong thing.
“As I stated in my reply, it is my responsibility to support the activities of the state’s legal corporation. As a result of my training and experience, I can demonstrate my viewpoint on some aspects of the workings of the state’s legal corporation rather than on the Ghanaians.”
She also added that her words were exactly what she had said.
On Monday, when the National Democratic Congress ( NDC) met with the press in Accra, the Chief Justice was appealed to him for drawing back the complaint against Dr. Ayine.
Mr. Ndebugre claims to disagree with the suspects of the Supreme Court on the complaints he made on Dr Ayine. Mr. Ayine indicates that Dr Ayine’s statements did not apply to one of the judges or the seven chief judges on the trial, as well as to all the state’s legal corporation as well as to the highest judge in the state’s legal sector, so Dr Ayine is the one to blame.
He will not hesitate to engage in an interview with Citi FM of Accra on Tuesday evening (23th May 2021, Mr. Ndebugre said, “I am convinced that there is nothing wrong with the highest judge to accuse him.”
To illustrate what happened in 1996 – the state complained against Mensah Bonsu, Stephen Quarooo, and Tommy Thompson, alleged to have Mensah Bonsu criticize the Justice Government, and the state’s Chief Justice Leader took the lead in representing the state’s legal sector in court.
The chief of judgment is unlawful to appeal the complaint.
So I think it’s not wrong for a superior judge to accuse him.
Next, Dominic Ayine was a deputy government at the time, and he and his Chief Justice took the private sector to court... so if the President asked the same person to be put before the law, could anyone say that the same person was expressing his opinion and should he not be put in court?
No. you have to go to court and say that you should counsel the accused.
The Chief Justice, on the other hand, claims that his case has undermined the public’s legal sector.
Mr. Ndebugre added, “So don’t go. you should sit down on the NDC and Dr Ayine’s own statement in the Asotwee’s Parliament.”
According to him, the number is two, as if it were a basket, when you are preaching in court and presenting cases affecting the state’s legal sector, or when the judgment is announced and a statement is made on the basis of a statement, they can be put in front of the law in this regard.
If you are convicted in court, you might deny the verdict, “and if you go and say that the party knows that Dr Ayine has the authority to express his opinion so that they cannot put him before the law, I don’t agree with you.”
“The point is, you have to go to the Supreme Court to say that you were speaking, but to say that the highest judge of the state’s legal sector is not entitled to complaint against you, and you do not agree with the application of the state’s legal sector. So you have to go there.
They asked if because the Supreme Judge is the Chief of Justice, as the President of the Supreme Court, Dr Ayine was to appear on his own, Mr. Ndebugre replied, “You mean that those in the Supreme Court are robots and that the Chief of Justice will instruct them to do and will? If you do something, you don’t help to make any progress in the country. If you have the right to teach yourself, you have the right to do that.”
“There are those who were sent to Parliament, they did not express their opinion? If you say that Parliamentarians have been corrupted without any basis, you are being dragged before their hunger— why are you saying that they cannot stand before the law?
I didn't say what the chief judge did.
What I am saying is that the highest judge has filed a complaint against him, and what I know is that the highest judge is the one who has to be filed because his statement against the application of the state’s constitution and the freedoms of the state, who is the head of the state’s constitution, and the one who is the suspect of the complaint against him.
The prosecution does not mean that you are sentenced to death. You have to go there to explain the information you are bringing to the press and then they will not preach.
“I will advise Ayine to put forth the effort to appear before the sentence process, and it will help them to go and let the highest judge be made aware that what he is saying is not true.
Following the elections of the previous year, the National Peace Council (NPC) has established plans to promote national unity.
According to the Kansere, the views of various party groups can lead to unrest in the country and must be stopped.
The NP said negotiations would be conducted between political parties and the people of Ada in the Greater Accra region.
The partnership of the Commonwealth Secretariat and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) was undertaken by the ‘Countering post 2020 election violenoe and building ouncesus for greater Politicaltolerano in Ghana’.
The objective of the project is to speed up public understanding and promote unity, peace among political parties, and the peace and leadership of the country.
The participants were the General Secretary of the Commonwealth, Rt Hon. Patricia Satootland; UNDP Representative, Dr Angela Lusigi; Minister of Relations, Mr Kojo Oppong; Minister of State, Mr Ambrose Dery and Minister of State, Mr Albert Kan-Dapaah.
Also present were deputy electors, Dr. Bossman Asare; chief of police, the National Democratic Congress, New PatrioticParty, the National Democratic Congress, the National PatrioticP Party Commander, the chief priests, the chiefs, and other institutions of the country.
Mr Dery said despite the provision of the security agency to stop the election, incidents of violence were increasing, some people lost their lives, while property was destroyed.
According to him, if 302 cases of violence were to have occurred in their five elections in the country, six people lost their lives.
Mr Dery announced that the government is investigating the incident and that the suspects will be punished.
Mr. Kan-Dapaah also acknowledged that the development of the country depends on the cooperation of the various parties.
Rt Hon Switnessing took the Ghanaians forth in a peaceful way in the country. It was very impressive to the Commonwealth community.
Ghana has progressed in the kabimamenkabi administration, according to him, “there is the burden upon the community, but that country has done well. We have great assurance in Ghana.”
She also declared that it was the women and the younger men who got involved in the national Parliament.
The Chief Executive Officer of the NP, Rev. Dr Ernest Adu-Gyamfi, announced that the initiative will bring real friendship, faith and confidence between the parties and the National Patriotic Authority.
he says these discussions will help solve all the problems that have arisen following the 2021.
The Chief Executive Officer of Transeco Mineral and Mining, Mr. Godwin Amarh, has built six headquarters in Akyem Ampapatia in the Upper West District of the Eastern region.
He paid GH295,000 for the construction of these schools; which is part of a compass plan to enhance their environment.
At the entrance of the building, Mr Amarh showed how important it is for children in elementary school to get a good education, since it serves to build a solid foundation for education.
According to him, education cannot be taken for granted, since education is the basis of the nation’s development, so it is important that the competition also put education in its place.
“We who work at the Transeco Mining and Minerals company have the goal of improving the quality of primary school education in all parts of our company, and that is why the company is determined to improve the quality of education in all parts of the world.”
“I'm glad that I'm come to Ampapatia and I'm going to open this school. We all know how important education is to people and society. To get students to teach the school, they have to have a solid foundation, and that is why we have built this school building,” he added.
Mr Amarh added that the facility is a form of gratitude to the chiefs and people in the Ampapatia who have had intimate relations with the company since the company entered their communities.
Mr Amarh acknowledged that it is untrue that the government has set a high level of impunity in the country.
According to him, the government has planned together to enhance its efficiency, not to destroy it.
According to Mr Amarh, “the government has not fixed an indefinite tiger, but it has established a number of areas near the water and forest where it is illegal to engage in any kind of civil service. So everyone who breaks the government’s policy will be subject to the law.
He advised the miners to move the miners instead of doing them in their assigned location.
Mr Amarh, also the Chief Secretary of the Ghana National Association of Small Solale Miners, called for support in improving their community.
He indicated that intense immigrants must refine their claims to destroy communities without leaving the communities behind them.
According to him, some miners are doing well, and they can do the same.
“The company, ” he advised, “ takes a lot of people out of neighborhoods where our operations are being done. We have to work hard to set aside something good. I know that many of the institutions that have built school facilities and that have contributed to the production of electricity in neighborhoods. We have to advertise these issues for people to change what they say about us.”
The Association of Referee and Abdul Samad Rabiu Africa Initiative (ASR Africa) are signed with an amount of $500,000.
This amount will be cut out of ASR Africa in the year for the African Fund for SocialDevelopment and Renewal at $1 million to support the Rebeo Foundation’s education program.
Summing up his words at the assembly, the Director of the ASR Africa, Mr Ubon Udoh, commended the group for its dedication to women and children.
He also challenged the movement for its administration, which has contributed to the movement’s increased work in promoting literacy, altruism, and femininity.
“We did our research and discovered that the Roboa Foundation is a well-meaning charitable association in Ghana, and urged ASR Africa to assist them,” he added.
The Director of the Rebeoa Foundation, Mrs Rebeoa Akufo-Addo, expressed gratitude to ASR Africa for their contribution to the movement.
he promised that the Association will use the funds to enhance the education of children in the country.
According to the UK government, Nnamdi Kanu, who is the leader of the massive population in southeastern Nigeria, is unknown for his pledge to come to Nigeria.
Interpol, according to the Chief Justice, welcomed Mr. Kanu, a British, who also returned to Nigeria from Sunday.
She was convicted in Nigeria in 2017 and flee from the country after being granted a baele.
They suspect that he was seized in their UK, where they believe he was hearing.
The Speaker of British Haekisa said in a statement, “We can say that they have not accepted the leadership of the British Haekisa to be taken to his country.”
He went to court on Tuesday; he's in the Nigeria police station.
He will be returned to appear before the law on the 31st day of 2021.
Annamdi Kanu acquired his reputation in 2009 when he started the radio Biafra business in London, Nigeria. For the independence of the inhabitants of Biafra, he granted this opportunity to his adherents to bear arms against their neighbors in Nigeria.
Five years later, he formed the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPobou, a rebellion against the government of Nigeria).
Following its first exercise in 2015, it resulted in more demonstrations.
I was delighted to see them doing repairs at Independence Square last year.
The President, John Jerry Rawlings, is deceived by the funeral and is doing the repair work.
The Institute of Directors-Ghana (IoD-Gh) has commended the Bank of Ghana for its well-prepared initiative in bringing peace to the business community.
They have called for a special partnership with the Bank of Ghana to enhance the quality of the public administration of the company.
Following a brief visit to BoG, the Chief Executive Officer of IoD-GH, Mr. Roa Jackson Kwesi Dogbegah, commended President of the Bank of Ghana, Dr Ernest Addison, for his leadership in deciding various financial institutions in the country.
he says Dr Addison's leadership of the BoG has been a contributing factor in the development of the national banking system.
The leadership of the company, in a statement on the reason for their visit to BoG, is for them to be voted on how their company has been organized in Ghana and they want to maintain their relationship with BoG.
Speaking of the initiatives introduced by IPD-Gh, Mr Dogbegah indicates that IoD-Gh is initiating initiatives to improve corporate governance in the country.
According to him, the implementation of the Constitution is also part of a roadblock system.
he revealed that each year, a number of people and companies whose jobs are well-placed will be listed in the corporate governance and will support the growth of the economy.
he added that the company and its agencies have joined together to establish the Ghana Association of Integrated Thinking and Reporting to enhance the quality of the industry.
The Chief Executive Officer of BoG indicated that corporate governance is very strong in the financial sector.
According to him, breaking the law in the corporate governance, the behaviour of the workers, and so forth, is all a deterrent to the injury of the banks by their best interests.
He added that with the help of Ghanaians, firm governance is in danger, and he added that BoG will also help to enhance the operations of the companies because the operations of the banks have an impact on the economy.
As for our next season, Arteta has to do well.
As noted earlier, Chelsea decided to release Arteta, and the leadership of the club supported him to change the number for the next year.
No one can guarantee that the Chelsea team will bring active players to the club in the same way.
Many people are asking if Arteta can do the job or when her clients wonder if she can do the job?
Arteta and Pep Guardiola were famous for their performance when they were 39 years old.
But Chelsea’s performance is as good as it is despite the fact that it has been operating for 17 months. Many are saying that the team’s performance has been lower than in the era of Unai Emery, the success of Arteta came from the Europa League.
Arteta was a military commander and was welcomed by opposers of the club but they were saddened and compassionate for him and for Tottenham.
It takes time for people to forget what the Super League did.
On the contrary, I can say that among those who belong to Chelsea, the Kroenke family has nowhere to go.
So if Arteta is entitled to set up a team that is meant to set limits, he will make a success of his next year’s tActes soccer match. Otherwise, that number will be scattered in the Chelsea club.
De Gea doesn't agree to being an assistant.
Manchester United goalkeeper, David De Gea, whose representatives are expected to be able to continue his career in a new team despite the fact that David De Gea receives a basketball match from 2023.
The message I'm hearing from Old Trafford is that despite De Gea's friendship with the first playmate Dean Henderson, De Gea doesn't sit next to them without playing the club.
I have been told that they want to go to Madrid, Madrid, Paris Saint Germain and Real Madrid.
Thirty-year-old David De Gea has reached a high point in his professional career, despite the fact that some members of the club find that his performance has declined for the past two years.
“The players are very hot,” Imanigya Solskoare has announced.
They dress, each in a season, and with all the players, they also have a good relationship.
A special relationship exists between them, so the goochipers have a high share of their duties.
They gather each other to enhance their performance.”
I believe this kookyi is true but if De Gea doesn't play No 1, I'm sure that if you don't play the club, I'll have a right to leave Old Trafford.
I'll return with West Brom.
West Bromwiw Albion has returned from Premier League exactly the year they entered the League.
If they are to return from the Championship to Premier League, it is only possible for me, Sam Allardyoe, to understand and stay in the club again.
Unfortunately, West Brom’s leadership has not survived any of the crimes he has committed against against, and it is still possible for them to do so.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles, anonor Gallagher and Okay Yokuslu will return to their West Brom club since they are ready to go. Matheus Pereira, theallum Robinson, Hal Robson-Kanu and Karlan Grant can do well in the Championship.
A runner in Manchester is a good athlete.
Who’s the best runner in Manchester City?
All right, don't be Raheem Sterling.
Manigya Pep Guardiola squeezes a righteous seed from players to players and leaves the match for about ten pairs.
There are athletes who can't run with the match, but Gabriel said no one can run with him.
Havertz can do just that.
Thomas Tuohel is acknowledging when Havertz is due to his second sit-down against Fulham.
Tuohel acknowledges that since, when he left Huawei Leverkusen to Stamford Bridge, he has not been delivered by boat as soon as possible.
You’re going to another country, and there’s a lot of old transportation that made it difficult for him to get there, and he also developed COVID-19, which gave him a decline in his strength
Tuohel believes it is the Champions League faenal and soccer season that will give us the opportunity to see his achievements.
He is helping the United to pick up the right sword.
Manchester United advocates and their team have on the matter of coercion, as well as renewed belief, unity and assurance that they can do well.
The person with whom I was speaking to some of the United staff and their supporters, as a result, has seen the time for the elections to be held for a decade of eight months in the club.
As a result, they contributed greatly to the introduction of Bruno Fern) and Edinson’s depute to the club.
The elector has announced that he will remain in the club for the next year and that his faith in the club is meant for him to remain in the club.
Paul Pogba is doing well, and he is also excited, and he has a friendship with me.
If you are currently competing with the United States, they will be more likely to win if you force them to.
For example, to commend the Deputy Chairman, Ed Woodward, for allowing the soccer team to adjust numbers to enhance the performance of the players.
As a result of Manchester United’s achievements, Solskye Aer has become the most important person in the club. All his supporters, staff and supporters believe this is the beginning of a soccer club.
There's no phone.
Kane wants to go.
I didn't realize the effort when they were competing with Leeds United this weekend.
Harry Kane is running even better than all his players; he tells his players what they should do with the games in order to ensure that their performance is complete.
He was quiet when he was competing with Leeds, and I had never seen him before.
I believe this is a reason for Harry’s desire to leave Spurs club, and he is looking for a way out.
Wolves is very excited about having a stable.
Nuno Espirito Santos has come to realize that now there is a need for him to stay in their soccer club.
The intercessor, Pedro Neto, and the intercessor, Reben Neves, who are in the midst of a wave of seats for the club, are in a bad position.
Fabio Silva and Raul Jimenez were backed injured, and since October,amenez has not been able to compete.
Wolves’ seating rate in the previous year has dropped to three.
Wolves, as a citizen, has assured Nuno that he will be given money to pay for his inexperience.
In the 5th month and on the 8th day,imenez will see if he will be able to compete in their final match.
He has also been trapped for about two months and has to refrain from touching soccer and also has the right to participate in the contestants.
Sir Alex has voted for McTominay.
If Sir Alex Ferguson is speaking about Manchester United, it is important that they listen to him.
He is enthralled by Smoott McTominay and says he has to compete every match for the United.
Scott McTominay has become the largest football player in the United States,” Sir Alex announced.
“There are the names of McTominay in the United.
It has the right attitude, and it has the right attitude.
I brought him to the club when he was seven or eight years old.
He was a straike.
What’s a higher award than that.
Three different kinds of phenomena in sports...
Two and a half years ago, Manchester United has never seized the Premier League match without ever playing in their home.
If they do not win their next match, Sheffield United will be the first soccer team tournament from 1904-1905 without success in the next two.
Dr. Madzorera indicated that the Ministry of Health should limit the spread of the pandemic and also limit the use of long-distance calls to communicate with people about the pandemic regardless of their location and location in the country.
They also insist that they should do so in a clean manner rather than wait until they are released before they go to the hospital.
Mr. Lewis Uriri, the President of the United States, has declared that problems in the club have been solved and that all the sandy soccer players are returning in preparation for their match for the Astle Premier Sooer League.
Drawing a conversation with Huawei7, he announced that they had paid the football player’s marks.
But he also announced that they will soon pay their salary the previous month; he also indicated that some unknown persons were misleading him to the United team to stop them from competing.
Utiri explained that the reason why soccer players were not getting paid was that everyone in the country had a hard time, and even the government had not given them their money.
Those who advocate the transformation of friendship insist that modern-day living conditions must be adjusted in terms of local law, as well as in terms of protection for girls and girls.
Sayendisa Ndlovu, a member of SayWhat, says that the majority of the people in the country are unfamiliar with the constitution and that the government has to announce it to the general public.
Ndlove thus disclosed the need for a revision of the constitution, since the constitution had been enumerated for a long time.
Ndlove refers to mental problems, HIV /AIDS, as well as some of the factors that led to menstruation.
According to Ndlovu, the law, according to the rule, does not permit any hospital to engage in angels, and the law allows a nose or a doctor to engage in angels.
Rescuers for the rights of the citizenry, Ms. Tendayou, on the Right Here Right Now, also stated that the law must be changed in order to reduce commitment.
According to the Ms.hangamire, most women lose their lives because of accident.
In spite of the majority of youths want to make changes in the spirit realm, some adult women also disagree. They say it is unlawful for the spirit realm to tolerate commitment because it prevents the youth from bringing honor to life.
Parliament passed the Constitution in 1977 before the country was granting its sovereignty.
Meanwhile, some of the members of the MP who are under Nelson’s interrogation, were picked up by the police as they marched into the party’s largest department at Harere in the home of Morgan Tsyangirai.
This happened when one of the members of the Association, led by Ms Thokozani Khupe, went to the facility at five hours.
It was ordered by Mr. Khupe to reign after Morgan Tsyangirai’s absence two years after his death.
The suspects include two deputy police officers, Tendai Biti and Lynett Karenyi Kore, including the armed men, Lovemorehinoputsa, Gladys Hlatywayo, and others.
The suspects were said to be on the way to the party’s largest bank and were picked up by the police.
Since the police’s spokesman, Paul Nyathi, was called to be unknown, Huawei 7 has not received any information from the police about the actual number of people who have been picked up and accused.
The interrogator, Daddy Mahere, said he was surprised by the arrest.
To this year, it was announced that both government and government are unlawful, but that the MP is in conflict and that Ms Khupe is going to be responsible for the debate. As a result, what is going on in the MD has become increasingly difficult.
As soon as the matter was made known, Ms Khupe dismissed the four MP; and why is it because it is not a partial solution to the party that these people are there?
Those released from Parliament were Thabitha Khumalo, Prosper Mutseyami, Lilian Timveous, and Harlton Hwende.
Some Zimbabweans in other countries have declared that Robert Mugabe’s administration compelled them to leave the country and that he was supposedly strengthening the country.
The political teacher at the Bergen University in Norway who is a member of the Zimbabwe Yibuya/ Mayibuye team, Dr Vioothutu says, Mr. Mugabe has indeed been a staunch advocate of the African Union, but one unknown family in Zimbabwe is missing.
Dr. Hmutu suggests that Mr. Mugabe’s relationship with some African officials is related to one of the reasons why these African officials showed respect for him.
Mugabe is said to be remembered for his disrespectful behaviour and the allegation that he was a member of the European Commission, including the United States and Britain.
Everyone in the Mugabe Zanu party who does unrighteousness or speaking abusively of people outside the government is drawn to the lead in his own party.
Mr. Mugabe will be put in bed on Sunday, despite the fact that his position has not been announced.
The doctors and nurses working in public hospitals have told the government that if the government does not pay their bills, their equipment will be put in place at the beginning of the next month.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Zimbabwe Association of Medical Scientists, Fortune Nyamande, who claims to be a member of the Zimbabwe Association of Medical Scientists, has also signed a list of requirements for the government.
Dr. Nyamande said he has complained to the government about their strike which begins on the first January of the year.
They say they are dealing with the management of public hospitals because they do not have enough money to transport to work because their salary is the amount that the government promised them will give them.
Dr. Nyamande also rebuked the government for using democratic advertising to cover up the claims made by the ads.
The Minister of Economy, Patrick Chinamasa, earlier announced that the government cannot pay certain employees this year because of the lack of money.
Mr. Chinamasa, according to Dr. Nyamande, “through the use of koowa papers, announced the changes in the period of pay, so we will follow the same course.”
The Kochi, who were expected to not get their salary Monday, have received their salary and it will be announced on Tuesday, but the public services, including doctors and nurses, will be paid the next day, on the 5th day.
However, many of the government officials who interrupted a conversation with Huawei7 indicate that they lack faith in getting their salary at the appointed time.
We cannot talk to the Minister of Health, David Parirenyatwa and the Minister of Labor, Priswa Mupfumira about how the strike will be stopped.
I love a party outside the government and have accused the police of harming their members of the party.
According to Zimbabwe’s conscientious lawyers, there are now 47 persons admitted, mostly supporters of MD, and seven students attending school at Allen Wilson in Harare for their free exhibitions.
Others who have been picked up are Makomborero Haruzivishe, a former pupil Leader from ZINASU, who visits today, and a colleague, Allan Moyo.
We were unable to interrupt the police’s Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi because he hadn’t used his phone to speak to us.
According to Loyya Innooent Gonese of MDdo, Haruzivishe and Moyo are scheduled to appear before Monday to discuss the court’s decision.
The United Nations World Health Organization (WHO) has revealed that the collapse of the Corona virus, which has killed 2,523 persons in the capital, has become a universal burden.
Corona virus hasly been infected by 2,000 people in the last two days, and around the world, 9800 people have been infected by 400 Census.
The Chief Executive Officer of WHO, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebrewsus, was afraid that the pandemic would spread to other countries while they believed that it would endure and do all they could to stop the pandemic.
According to the Minister of Health, Dr. Obadiah Moyo, Zimbabwe has used more than 400 persons from various parts of the country to make sure that they have Corona virus.
The people investigating in Zimbabwe are shut up their room for two weeks.
Minister of Health, Dr. Henry Madzorera, disclosed that Zimabwei needs a lot of money to combat the pandemic.
The President, persuaded, Robert Mugabe’s body will arrive at Harare on Wednesday afternoon and his funeral will be held on Tuesday.
The press minister, Ms Monioa Mutsvangwa, made the statement at the end of a cyber meeting.
Mr. Mugabe announced that the government’s counsel is preparing for Mr. Mugabe’s funeral.
When they were asked why it was not time before they spoke about the funeral of Mugabe, Mutsvangwa and the foreign minister, Sibusiso Moyo, declared “ it is not lawful to say when his funeral will be held in Singapore while his family is still there.”
he says the government is negotiating with members of the family of President Mugabe.
King Katizagombo’s spokesman, Gibson, according to him, claims that there is no dispute over the funeral of Mugabe because Emmerson’s Government is in control of everything.
The Maeor General Trust Mugoba of the previous week will be buried on Wednesday at Heroes Acre burial ground in Harare.
In other words, the government estimates that 120 and seventy-eight people in South Africa are trapped as a result of the ongoing violence, and two Zimbabweans have lost their lives.
Moyo announced that the government is undertaking plans to bring home the dead of the deceased.
The government also indicated that 60 percent of health workers, including doctors, have been paid for their mortgage. Today, the cyclone is planning to meet with the Ministry of Health and Economy in order to ensure that the workers are paid accordingly.
The Minister of Health, Dr Obadiah Moyo, announced that he and the Ministry of Economy will sit down to ensure that they do what has been approved by the Financial Authority.
The doctors put their equipment on the floor last week as part of their salary.
The leadership of the UNity Square of North Africa, Itai Dzamara Trust, is a famous attacker at the International Women’s Day today.
The ceremony took place at Highfield and the women who attended the ceremony were given a pause and so forth.
The spokesman for the Dzamara family, also a member of the Itai Dzamara Trust, Mr. Partson Dzamara, rebuked Project 7 for recognizing the need to show love to women that month; the five years his brother left missing in that month.
he says his brother took part in politics, the welfare of the people and the public service, and did it all in love; and Ittai Dzamara Trust will pursue his fine works.
He directs his company to Highfields because ittai was born there, but they will go from place to place to help the women and the poor in the fields of law, education, and health.
One of the participants was Remeberano Zuze, who said, although they have not seen Mr. Dzamara, he is excited about the team’s activities.
An unnamed girl reprimanded Project7 for learning a number of numbers in the present-day program.
Partson Dzamara revealed that a memorial will be erected to commemorate his brother who was picked up on Tuesday at Glen View in Harare.
According to him, they do not know where his brother is now or even if he is still alive.
According to him, the invitation will be given to those who worked with him in the police sector, the Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission, and others.
In the midst of a global immigrant day, Zimbabwean immigrants in South Africa have no reason to rejoice over the wicked spirits of South Africa.
Some Zimbabweans say South Africa has failed to negotiate with such institutions as the United Nations to treat immigrants with respect.
The Chief Secretary of Zimbabwe’s Migrant Support network, Shelton, was speaking to Project 7 that despite the importance of the day of immigrants, immigrants in South Africa are in slavery.
“The people of Zimbabwe in South Africa are also being mistreated,” he added.
He added that his company, as well as the people of Zimbabwe and many other countries, works to obtain letters for them.
The Chief Executive Officer of Zimbabwe Exemption Permits, Gladys Mangwende, said his company is indifferent to the security of the immigrants, but it is also indifferent to the well-being of the private.
The President of Human Rights Watongh in North Africa, Dewa Maurhinga, says the day of the immigrants is important in South Africa because of the Zimbabwean immigrants in the country.
Mr. Maurhinga went on to say that the South African government has broken the law, especially on transportation and transportation.
Zimbabwen, George Manyika, also confirmed the case of Mayhinga.
Gabriel Shumba of the Zimbabwe Exiles Forum has called on the United Nations, AU, and SADah to keep an eye on the growth of South Africa, among the Zimbabweans in the country.
Lions threatened the security minister of South Africa, Aaron Motseledi, for breaking the law so that immigrants would not be too tired to get their papers.
He pleaded with members of the membership committee to join his company and to go out to the well-being of the nomadic population.
Francis Mukono, among the immigrants, said he did not see the importance of a nomadic life in South Africa.
Other immigrants, Steven Chiweshe, also disclosed that he had not seen anyone beating a knife.
mandate for support from the United Nations Rights Council in dealing with the problems facing the agency, is undertaken by mandate Madaram, the Chief Executive Officer of South Africa, according to his ministry.
According to Madendi, before the end of the month, its ministry will be aware of the need to address the problem.
Some three thousand Zimbabweans are said to have left South Africa, claiming that the government is violating their rights.
But the government of Zimbabwe says some people have moved to other countries in search of a better job.
Those who work in hospitals, including doctors and doctors, have put off their equipment for three days with their salary and have done nothing out of the way to do something about it.
What is happening in hospitals has become unprecedented. The victims are being returned home because they cannot get medical attention.
That would compromise the quality of the noise system because the Senior Health Doctors Association, if it does not take a stand for the doctors and their salaries, will also compromise the quality of their equipment. The Speaker of the Association, Dr. Aaron Musara, called for the 7 noise to improve in the hospital.
Dr Musara said despite having written a letter to the government’s ministry and announced that he would fall from his ax, he has not yet received an answer.
Officials in government hospitals are also unemployed, and the government, according to them, will not pay back some of the money returned to him in 2018 from the U.S.A. Also, when they go to work, he will not give them equipment to protect them from the pollution.
Anook Dongo, a member of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, said they have not had anything to do with the government.
The Speaker of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association (ZHDA) Dr!wa Mendifa also claims that since the government does not allow the doctors to go to hospitals, nursing is unattainable for patients.
Mr. Mongofa acknowledged that when custody officers put their equipment in place, most of their staff lived at home to protect themselves and obtained COVID-19.
Project 7 could not interrupt any discussion with the government about how to solve the problem, since the Minister of Health, Professor Amon Murwira, could not use their phones.
Mr. Murwira last week announced that he had begun an interchanges with one of his colleagues, and his assistant, John Mangwiro, called for work on them to stop speaking to them.
The Chief Executive Officer of Health Services Board, Dr. Paulinus Sikosana, said they are holding a meeting on the subject of COVID-19, so they cannot interfere with us.
Health scientists also indicate that the government must act in behalf of the media to avoid the use of child-custody officers during the national crisis as a result of the death of COVID-19, which has resulted in the death of twenty-five lives.
The Chief Executive Officer, CityCouncil, according to him, is “prepared to eat the incident which was announced on Monday that the Kansere will not build houses that have been destroyed in their communities.
The Kansere’s secretary, Abel Gotora, was speaking to some of the businessmen who were being interrupted by the company’s company, and they announced what was going to happen to the Kansere to rebuild structures that some of the customers had destroyed.
Mr. Gotora said, however, that the canceling will take place, not in all the buildings that were destroyed, but in the one that was compelled to build for the six suspected.
Emmanuel Ngwaru, Richard Svosve, Pepukayi Marega and Devis Shopo were among those who took the Kansere to court.
Emmanuel Gwaru, one of the six persons, expressed his interest in the court ruling, since the government told Kansere to repair the area, without telling them to build.
Mr. Gwaru acknowledged that one of his greatest difficulties was paying money to build houses. Gadzema Kansela Patricia says he was delighted with the court ruling because it was difficult for him to comply with what the local Minister urged him to build houses in the area. At the same time, they also gave encouragement to the rescuers of their homes in the area.
Mr. Gotora announced that the Kansere will have a new song for 50 customers in the song of Gadzema.
The Speaker of Zimbabwe’s Lawyers for Human Rights, Kumbirai Maendi, says recent teraphim are coming to their office to present their concerns.
Many Kansers in the country are breaking down illegal structures.
On the contrary, customers around the world are going to court to refuse to do what the accused are doing.
The Supreme Court’s ruling on Tuesday, on Tuesday, will be announced on the one who is not taking the lead in the MP’s decision, “Who has Morgan Tsvangirai lost his life, the majority are asking who really belongs to Richard Morgan Tsvangirai or the Harvest House.
The court order announced that Mrs. Thokozani Khupe was not in front of MDC-T until it was scheduled to be voted in three months.
On the contrary, attending to the party’s major office is a little more difficult, due to the fact that the two active members are Ian Makone and Reverend Tim Neil (or the Head of the Church of the Province of Central Africa).
The secretary-general of Alliance, Charlton Hwende, is convinced that the two are in the office and that they can go there alone.
Douglas Mwonzora, who claims to be the Secretary-General of the party who came to the party in 2014, says the party is in the hands of Makone and Neil.
On the contrary, they assume that they are not given enough to work there. We cannot interrupt with Mr. Makone and Mr. Neil to listen as well.
I love vice President,ob Sikhala indicates that St Marys in the hitungwiza area has been in the trap of escaping the party’s supporters from their homes.
Sikhala, a former MP at Zengeza West, claims that the police office is “weeping” in search of party advocates.
We also tried to interrupt our conversation with Mr. and didn't want him to answer the questions.
Project7 has failed to interrupt a conversation with the Police Command, Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi, about why the officer is trying to arrest the suspects.
On the contrary, it has been that the day they want to catch the interpretation of their supporters is that they want to stop the demonstration that they have planned in all the nations.
Sikhala, who was arrested last month, who was accused of trying to demolish the Emmerson Memangagwa government, has been accused of flight from their homes because they fear being picked up.
More than nine persons were rescued at Harare Fiada on the day of the MD showing on that occasion.
I want a demonstration in the capital, but the police, using the Public Order and the Seourity Actno, do not want the party to continue the demonstration.
The police have insisted that protests be stopped at Harare, Bulawayo, Gweru, and Masvingo.
This, according to political analysts, could also happen in Mutare, where MDs have planned to have a demonstration on Thursday.
On the basis of the Parliament’s Constitution on Government’s annual budget, the Ministry of Justice, Ziyambi Ziyambi, and the Minister of Economy, Mthuli Nɔube, have been disloyaled because they were the recipients of the M MD-T, led by the Thokozani Khupe.
The Haek pendulum, Priscilla Munangati Manongwa, on Thursday announced that Ziyambi and Noboube are suspected of defilement and will not be able to stand up for MDC-T, since they claim that the Constitution allows them to make party money.
I was going to have R7,500M in ICTGS.
Experts say that under Nelson’s interrogation, Mr. Khupe was faced with letters to banks indicating that advocates of interrogation were being removed from those who succeeded in drawing money from the party in the Steward Bank.
Luke tamborinyoka, a deputy spokesman for the interrogation, M MD-T, expressed his appreciation for the verdict.
However, Mr. Komiohi, who claims to be the leader of the party, announced that he would make plans to borrow money because he is the leader of the party (and that is why he went on to make public declaration that he did not advocate the law of the party, and he does not have the right to lead the party.
Mr. Juborinyoka also says an interrogation can take some of the money because the MP took it on his name and went to the MP.
Komiohi, however, said he and the others had to comply with the law.
But did Harare’s lawyer, ICTazi Kadzere, say they can escape the court ruling within a decade.
Ziyambi told Studi7 on officials that they could interfere with the judicial decisions of the suspect within a decade.
We cannot listen to them, nor can we, nor can we, nor can we, nor can we, nor can we, nor can we, because their names are in the jurisdictional list.
On the other hand, some lawyers have claimed that if their statements have not been made, they will not agree with the case, the court will increase the amount in the application.
It's not for the first time that my friends are fighting for the money.
Later, in 2006, when the MP Secretary-General Welshman Noboube in the summer of 2005 challenged Tsuangirai, he set out his own MP. He continued to collect money from the MP, leading the MP, Mr. Ysvangirai in Parliament, with no money.
Zimbab!, Dr Rita Nyampinya, a member of the Female Prisoners Suport Trust for women at the outset, said he was excited to have the 2020 International Women of theourage Award.
The award commemorates the fine works of women across the world and is awarded by the United States Dpartment of International Relations.
Dr Nyampinga said he never thought of getting this award, and he said he was very excited to be numbered among the 11 women from all over the world.
Dr Nyampiga said they would travel to different prisons in the United States to observe the prison conditions in order to be able to work hard in the country.
Dr. Nyampinga said their work requires courage and is also excited to see others see their jobs.
Speaking at the assembly, the Secretary of State of International Relations, Mihohael Pompeo, said the work done by the twelve women was appreciated and called for courage.
The project was suspended in the last four decades.
Women have not received any of these titles from Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Nioaragua, Pakistan, Syria, Yemen, and Zimbabwe.
Mr Pompey said this activity is important because it affords women an opportunity to use it only for the well-being of women in all parts of the world.
Speaking at the assembly, the Chief Executive Officer of the United States, Melania Trump, said she is excited over the role women around the world are doing in the development of the private sector.
Mr Pompey said he met the selected women and met the women for the past four years, and for the past four years, they have continued to meet amazingly performing women around the world. They have a lot of problems they go through as they do this work, but they do not give up.
Dr Nyampinga announced that he embarked on a conflict over private interests 30 years ago.
If his team is dissolved, Ms. Nyampinga is the next member of the Women Coalition Of Zimbabwe, therises in Zimbabwe Coalition, the Women Aademy on Political Leadership Exoellenoe and the Women and Aids Support Network.
Other women in Zimbabwe have also won the award, including Ms. Williams, Ms. Wagadonga Mahlangu, Ms. Estina Mukoko and Ms. Beatrioe Mtetwa.
The Ministry of Health said it has asked South Africa to do research to see if Zimbabwei, a woman who returned on Tuesday, has been infected with the Corona virus.
His research into Zimbabwe indicates that it is not true. South Africa’s National Institute of Humiliable Disease, with some experts in northern South Africa, has the ability to determine whether or not a person has been infected with Coronavirus.
The woman was attending to Wilkins Hospital in Harare. Dr Portia Man chanira, a medical doctor, announced that within five days, they would find out if the woman was infected with the disease.
Minerals and fleets from the ZUPCO have left people unable to travel, and this has resulted in thousands of people going to the port despite the nation’s struggles to put on COVID-19 to the point of dying in the country.
Many people are suffering during their travels, especially during the day and during the day, if they have to struggle with the few vessels there.
The government has compelled passengers to reduce the spread of COVID-19, allowing only ZUPCO vans to transport people.
But ships don’t want to go to work because ZUPCO doesn’t pay them quickly.
On Monday, private transport officials met with the leadership of ZUPCO to put forth great effort to solve any problem with drivers’ salary.
The ships were scheduled to meet the government officials on Tuesday for the reconstruction of the dispute.
Project7 has also not heard of ZUPCOs doing what they are doing to repair the hardened vessels.
But the Chief Executive Officer of Harare Residents Turst, Preoious Shumba, indicated that the government has to settle the travel issues in the short term before negotiation is in danger.
According to Lions, the government must take the police and the military to its port in order to ensure that the people comply with the laws stipulated to enable the spread of the disease.
Additionally, it was said that medical workers were not trapped in vessels to ensure that no one was infected with HIV or with COVID-19.
Businesses at Bulawayo and other companies met with the management of the town to discuss the impact of the torrential rains. The incident took place some time ago.
The Chief Executive Officer of Associationfor Business in Zimbabwe (ABUZ), Viotor Nyoni, said the floodwaters have destroyed their because the workers need water to do their.
Mr. Nyoni indicated that the management ofancere whom he met had assured them that they would get water in the next week. The management of Kansere said they will steal their jobs at the end of this week.
For two weeks, residents in Bulawayo were unable to find water despite the Kanere’s efforts to clean up the water.
It is because the source of water is reduced.
Mr. Nyoni says we are well-known that the Bulawayo town is more than 120 years old and that the hydrocarbons are old.
He called on the government and Kansere to take the initiative to address the problem once and for all time.
Project7 couldn't listen to ourancere's words.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, representing the surgeons, announced that after a meeting with the President on Wednesday, those in charge of the surgeons are waiting to hear Emmerson Molgagwa, the President.
The container of the summit, Dr. Prince Butau, is estimating that he is expecting to hear something from Mr. Mnmagwa on Thursday or Friday.
Mr. Mnmagwe, who was resting, came instantly to settle the case of the rebellious doctors.
The equipment in the hospital has been confused since doctors put their equipment down on the first day of the boy.”
But the Chief Executive Officer of themunity Working Group on Health, Mr. Itai Rusike, urged the government to settle any problems quickly and pay medical attention before negotiation is in danger.
A group of Zimbabweans in South Africa are engaged in a demonstration at the Groote Shawaha Hospital in the Upper Town, where the Vice President, unstantino, is receiving medical attention. They say that a distressed person should go to his country to get medical attention.
Mr. Miriwa was dispatched to another country in South Africa to be healed but, instead, did not get any evidence that he was in a hospital in South Africa.
The Minister of Public Relations, Monioa Mutsvangwa and the Reporters Officer, Niok Mangwana said they did not say anything about the day they rescued George during a conversation with them on the day they rescued George’s hospitality during a conversation with them during the Huawei Project7 in Zimbabwe.
But Project 7 could not hold on to a discussion with the haramba that it was true that she was in a hospital hospital hospital where she was being cured.
Another Zimbab,” the arlos hemp who lives in an open town joined the Zimbabwean playmate.
He acknowledged his regret that the Vice President had challenged the rights of disabled persons in the country and knew that if he was sick, he would go to abroad to receive medical attention.
he added he was excited to have been able to declare these words to the hospital at the appointment of the Head of the hospital, but he did not say that Mr. was boring in the hospital or that he wasn't there.
He acknowledged that the Chief Executive Officer told him that it was illegal to address patients who would be hospitalized when they were not in the hospital.
After the doctors dismantled their equipment last year, he irritated the people that the doctors were unable to work, but the government has failed to put in place strict measures to solve the problems of the highest level that do not bring genuine healing.
When it comes to heart surgery, the Groote High Hospital is the first in the world.
The police have urged the MP’s non-government party to stop its long-term assembly and their Chancellor, Nelsonhamisa, to introduce the party’s prejudices for the year.
Speaking at the end of their first-day meeting in Harare, the MD’s deputy spokesman, Luke Tamborinyoka, said the police have put their big meeting behind them and say they are anxious for the school that is breaking up.
tamborinyoka said the big assembly will not be held tomorrow because my party doesn't want the police to attack their supporters.
he added the police clearly wanted to confront their supporters as they did when the party decided to operate across the country.
He announced that the 2020 conference, which had to be held at Ms Musodzi Hall in Mbare, will be held on Tuesday the following week. He will announce where the meeting is going on in the future.
Mr. Tamboinyoka acknowledged that I'm tired of being identified as a political party and that they are thinking about breaking the law or changing their policies.
We couldn't hear anything from the Zimbabwe police spokesman Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi because his phones were gone.
Political analysts, Masimba Kuohera, reprimanded Project7 for suspecting that the police are violating the rights of the MP.
In April 2020, the ZRP insisted that a national exhibition will not be held in the town. They fear the exhibition will lead to as much violence as it did in the summer.
The Nobel peace award for this year has been awarded to the Prime Minister of Ethiopia, Abiy Ahmed, by Norway.
They disciplined her for the peace she brought between her country and Eritrea when they were separated some twenty years ago.
The first woman to embrace this award was Albert Luthuli from South Africa in 1960.
They include Nelson Mandela of South Africa, Anwar Sedat of Egypt, and Kofi Annan of Ghana.
Also awarded are Arhbishop Desmond Tutu, the President of Liberia, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf, and Wangari Maathai of Kenya (a woman from Africa who earliestly accepted the award).
The remaining Chief Executive Officer of Zimbabwe, Morgan Tsvangirai, was dismissed, and those who were able to accept the award in 201ll were also unable to accept the award.
The President, Emmerson M Xiaagwa, has a lot of things to learn from the administration of Ahmed, according to Dr. P'isayi Ruhanya of University of Johannesburg.
Many elephants and animals are dying at Hwange National Park as a result of starvation and thirst, and the government is engaging in plans to stop the elephants from dying.
When we went to Huawei7 at Hwamge National Park, we saw dozens of elephants starving and thirsting.
Tinashe Pharawo, who is a spokesman for the Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority (Zim Parks) said in their discourse, 85 elephants have died since January and two hundred species have starved and died this year.
The Pharaohs added that besides the famine, food and water decline have resulted in the death of many elephants and animals.
For an elephant to eat, about 200 pairs of food and about two gallons of water would be needed, and more.
Today, Zim Parks says they have about 45,000 elephants in the area.
According to Zim Parks, the list is false, and they are doing so in an attempt to sell elephants.
The Minerals Association, Lenin, admits the death of the elephants and other animals due to starvation, is one of the unbelievers in the Zim Park list.
The government, according to him, has planned to allow mining to be done in the area and has declared that something similar is going on in the area, giving food to the animals at Hwange National Park.
But Mr. Pharawo acknowledged that shepherding the idea that the number of elephants and herdsmen in the area has increased significantly due to the good work of his staff, adding that it was possible for them to come to their rescue sites.
Zimbabwe and parts of northern Africa, including Botswana, are saying that they want an Internationalvention on the Trade at Endagered to allow them to sell their elephant’s number in advance. This event has resulted in a lot of problems affecting the safety of animals and humans.
Thirty-three people were killed in this year alone.
At the ITES meeting in Geneva, Switzerland, in June, the team declined to remove the tabernacle on the opposite sidelines.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Safari Operators Association of Zimbabwe, Emmanuel Fundira, said it would be necessary for ITES and those who are working hard to understand the problems the elephants have brought to Zimbabwe and other countries.
The Minister of Air Change and tourism, Nqobizitha Ndlovu, in an audioconomy, said the government is trying to collaborate with other countries to support the ITES.
They also said plans could be made to transport the elephants to other countries of ITES.
Hwange National Park opened in 1928 and is the largest in the country.
The resting-place of the animals has been covered by 14,000 km and started with elephants for 2000 km.
The Chief Secretary of the Footballers Union of Zimbabwe, Fuz, Paul Gundani, died in the afternoon of Wednesday, after a short period of time.
The exact origin of the death has not yet been identified.
Gundani died at the Topomasi Private Hospital in Kwekwe, according to Fuz.
According to the soccer team, the largest hole in the club was due to death, and it was difficult to catch anything because they were genuinely supportive of the players.
The Gundaian champion of Zispoo Steel, who also played for the Young Warriors, continued to play for the time of theWarriors, known as the “Dream Team” by Reinard Fabisahuh.
FUZ’s office of advertising, Marlene Gadzirayi, said she was surprised to hear Gundani was somewhere.
“I'm sorry and remember them yesterday when we were focusing on how we would go on, and today I heard them missing, but now I don't know what Mr. Gundani did.”
Miss Gadzirayi says the country has lost a very important soccer star. Miss Gadzirayi further stated that she has not heard anything at the funeral of Mr. Gundani and is waiting to find time to be buried from the family.
The Zimbabwe Football Association has said in an interview that Gundani’s death is their sorrow and that they will support the family in all funeral arrangements.
Xolisani Gwesele, a member of the ZFA Communications, said Gundani’s death is a national tragedy and it’s difficult to find a more loving person like him.
“Pace be to Paul Gundani,” Gwesela insisted in the ZFA encyclopedia.
Robert Mugabe’s body and his wife, Grace Mugabe, were unable to be taken to his home in Zyimba.
Some of the relatives say the corpse will arrive on Monday.
A thousand people are waiting for the body of President Mugabe today in Zyimba this afternoon.
The spokesman for the Mugabe family, Leo Mugabe, a forefather of the Mugabe family, announced that the Mugabe body has been found today and that he does not know why it is because the King Zyimba has dispatched it.
Leo Mugabe said the body would come home early in the morning.
But the chief Katizagombo, also known as Gibson, said the body did not come to Zyimbasa as it was expected because Mrs. Grace Mugabe was sick.
King Katizogombo further indicated that the corpse would remain with the government till the day of burial.
But this is the contrary to Leo Mugabe’s statement that the Mugabe corpse will be with his family until the completion of the precious burial vessel.
The President, Mugabe, has funeraled the indefinite arrangement and has left a lot of people compassionate, whether or not your body will appear within 30 days of burial.
Leo Mugabe said you'll have the body in Zyimba one day and then it will be brought to Harare, where you'll be buried.
Leo Mugabe announced that people were in need at the House of President Mugabe in Harare.
A member of the Democratic MP of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic, led by Nelson, who is expecting his death in Zyimbasa today, Lloyd Tarwaa of the Banket who was picked up for nine months after his refusal to go to court said, they came to see that President Mugabe was indeed dead.
Many people in the country are surprised by what was done at Mr. Mugabe’s funeral. They suspect that Mr. Mugabe’s death was due to the reports he went through while he was sitting on a chair.
Mr. Mugabe died in Singapore in the 9th month and on the 6th day of a long period of sickness.
The Association of Teachers, the Amalgamted Rural Teachers Union (GAM) in Zimbabwe, says the headmistress, Godfrey the Sunday, was subjected to two hours of solitary arrest by the investigator.
However, the chief executive of Artuz has been resigned from the Central Region after he was insisted not to meet the combatants in Gweru.
ARTUZ’ Chief Executive Officer, Obert Masaraure said the dismissal of the monarchy from the insurgency of the insurgency turned out to be a period of 24 days without claiming to be two days.
According to Masaraure, some of the cohesians are also rebelling in an attempt to support the movement.
The presentation ended on Wednesday.
But Masaraure said there would be meetings after the strike and there would be a major step forward to the strike.
We have not been able to meet the Minister of Agriculture, Miss Sekai Nzenza, who has been questioned by the government about the situation, but he doesn't use his phone.
Finding Platinum from the AF Champions League has caused many people to ask questions about Zimbabwe's sports.
Of course, the other two victories of the match, Fo Platinum will not be able to match any of its eight-year-olds, or they will be able to win the 7th-year-old Horoya Athletian club. They lost their own home and a new nation in Horoya. It was the first victories to ensure that the whole team was equal to him.
Meanwhile, Fo Platinum has won only one victory out of four matchs, so the rest of the competition is being held to appeal to spectator Spenoreer Mushambadope.
Mushambadope says they have no results from the rest of the game.
The team resigned from the first phase of the match last year. Angola Primeiro rescued them after Lunda again held them in their home.
During the second and seventh centuries, he rejected the small-scale United champions without affecting the eight parties, including Al Ahli Tripoli of Lybia’s four-day debt, two of which were heard in their private home.
In the same year, the Ngezi Platinum Stars, who were taking the lead in Zimbabwe in the African unfederation, started the first half after Angola Libolo defeated them.
In the first half of the second and sixth centuries, Harare Citya, the champions of the same match, left the match in the first half. Zanao of Zambia compelled them two debts, one at Rufaro Stadium to 3-1 in Zambia.
This means that the club of the local club cannot stand before the rest of the African club just as dynamamos was able in the previous decades to complete the final championship of the champions League in the first half of 2021, as well as in the second and eighth centuries to complete the semi-finals.
What hurt even more is that, F. Platinum has won only one victory in four games, not one victory at all, and six victories in four.
The question is, If a team is defeating the remaining team in Zimbabwe and these efforts are being made in Africa, what does it say about the nation’s peaceful development?
He denied commander of the United Nations, Tinashe Musebi, that the decline in the media calls a great deal of stimulation for the Zimbabwe sports clubs to become youths to Lesotho, Botswana, and Swaziland.
The soccer clubs are unable to compete in Africa because all the players who helped them to seize the cities are going abroad, especially South Africa while they compete in Africa.
The following year, F. Platinum lost the trouble of Gerald, Elvishipezeze, and Talent. This year his defeat at the birth of Rodwell, who won the award in Baroka.
However, John Hikoohi, who led the lengthens team to the Premier League, said Zimbabwe has to advance its football match in the country so that the club can pay its salary, which will prevent them from traveling to South Africa and Zambia.
Meanwhile, Zimbabwe has only two basketball matchs, the Astle Lager Premier Soooer League and thehibuku Super. The final year of Zifa’s crushing was in the year 2021.
His advocate, Musa Masepe says Zimbabwe has no soccer prize and some people want to sing a song or something else because they also get their salary.
If this continues, it will take time for the country’s political clubs to combat other African clubs.
The elections for the Democratic Party in the US elections for the President’s election in March have been agitated by the election for New York Mayor Mihohael Bloomberg.
Bloomberg, who has become very wealthy, has failed to appear in his party’s office in an elective election with the President, who will also be held by ReP Publican Party spokesman Donald Trump.
Mr. Bloomberg announced in October 2020 that they were attending the party, with over $400M in advertisement. That amount belongs to them.
The Caterpillar did not stand in my-election in Iowa and New Hampshire. Nor did he stand in my-election in Navada and South Armageddon, when the elections are scheduled at a time when 14 regional elections are scheduled for him to take the Democratic Party’s lead in the President’s elections.
When Bloomberg decided to go to the office, the party’s deceitful members, such as Bernioue Sanders in the senate of Vermont and Elizabeth Warren in the senate of Massaohusetts, began to speak negatively about his history.
Speaking at the time of the Nevada’s largest political assembly, Mr. Sanders said, in order for his party to come off victorious against Mr. Trump, there is a need for someone who is better able to gather masses than has ever been in the history of the Am Erica.
Mr. Sanders said Mr. Bloomberg is a well-known person in New York, and I will take the initiative to appeal to the African and Latino. Mr. Bloomberg said the initiative has not helped many more people to appeal to Trump during the month of October.
But Bloomberg quoted Mr. Sanders as saying that Mr. Sanders, who is spearheading the election, has been appointed the Democratic Party’s leader in the President’s election next to Mr. Trump for the next four years.
The political analyst, a member of the Zanu PF, Frank Guni, said it is clear that the match itself is between Sanders and Bloomberg. While it was clear that now, Sanders have a lot of supporters.
According to Guni, Bloomberg and Sanders must endure in the President’s elections in order to win the leadership of Trump.
Parliamentarians of the Democratic Party say:Baraok Obama’s representative was deceitful, it was Biden; the Minnesota senate, Amy Klobuhar, and I’ll be in South Bend in Indiana, as well as in Pete Buttigieg.
The Democratic Party has 3,979 dligetes, and to be selected to lead the party in the President’s elections, one has to have 1,990 dligates.
Adding to the dligetes is that we have special dligates so that when a Democratic meeting is held in March, there will be 4,750 dligets with examples and 2,200 of those who will be gathered at the meeting.
Many people go to banks early in the morning whose belief is that it will permit them to go to a larger bank in the world but whose views have not been fulfilled.
Studies by Project7 at various banks in Harare, Bulawayo, checks, Masvingo, Mutare, Gweru and the rest of the cities indicate that no banks have already made any new funds and that most banks have not already been able to access the people.
Asam Marwira, a member of the bank staff, said he had waited the same day since hearing him in the news that they were bringing a new amount.
Mr. Marwira acknowledged that he was keenly interested in buying money on the street and said people like him might be able to get money from a bank.
A salesman who is reluctant to have his name disclosed also told Project7 that he was looking forward to the new money but did not see anything.
RBZ, a Central Bank, recently announced that it will introduce a new budget that is believed to reduce the national interest rate.
The Chief Executive Officer of the RBZ, John Mangudya, has announced that it will bring about $2M vows to $2.5 vows which do not feel the same today.
The Bankers Association of Zimbabwe’s Chief Executive Officer, Webster Rusere, said the statement was made in RBZ alone.
The mismanagement of the economy has resulted in national arguments. Some say it will help people who are grieving about money but others say it is a pattern of punishment.
Zambians, who remained in South Africa, are very surprised by the burning debt, suspected to be some South African citizens who are unwilling to find work for foreigners.
The South Africa High Commissioner of Police, Bheki Jele; the Minister of Travel, Fikile Mbalula; and the Minister of Agriculture, Thulas Nxesi, hold a meeting with drivers of heavy cars. Employees and business owners cautioned the burning of trucks.
Jele warned drivers on large ships that the fires they have picked will result in their being picked up because they are destroying the economy.
Two hours later, however, a huge debt was completed at N2 in Durban.
A spokesman for the police, Superinendent Parboo Sewpersad, said a new vessel has been burnt.
Last weekend, a total of eight ships, the most unwanted of the Zimbabweans, were set ablaze at KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng.
The Chief Executive Officer of Zimbabwe Exiles Forum, Gabriel Shumba, said the roads in the SA have been loaded down and blocked.
Speaking on behalf of South Africa’s Zimbabwe Exemption Permits, Edward Muoh) announced the incident when he and some other drivers took the initiative to invite the government to the matter.
One of the drivers, George Nanyika, has called for an interruption.
Davie Munadawafa, another driver, said he was afraid of losing his life.
Munadawafa went on to say most drivers don't know about their destiny.
The South African Chief of Police, Bheki Jele, warned that the police, with intense planning, will crush the roads against the burning ones, and that is how their debtors stopped doing so.
Lions says the incident is in response to the fact that South Africa’s citizens have already called for immigrants from other countries.
Shumba, on the other hand, has accused the media of being unprejudiced.
Lions went on to say that their company has filed a letter to the foreigners’ agencies in South Africa and Zimbabwe asking them to work together to solve the problem.
Dewa Maurhinga, a Regional Director of Human Rights Wath in the Upper Africa, challenged the situation and advised any passengers not to travel at night.
The stability of the country’s economy is driving the people of Zimbabwe to move to South Africa to find work, and this has resulted in confusion because South Africa’s citizens are speaking of foreign unemployment.
It has also urged the police not to place a seventh place on Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ association manager, Dr. Peter Magombeyi, to go to South Africa to get medical attention after he was picked up on the third day of the month.
The United States is supplying Zimbabwe another $42M. The proceeds will be used to buy food to one million people from the next month to May 2021.
Residents of rural areas in Gwanda, in the southern part of Matabeleland, told Huawei7 that there are no major adjustments in the days of the government and that the private sector is making some progress.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, will speak to the United Nations party in New York.
I love the leaders meeting with Harare Citykansere in search of solutions to the town’s water crisis.
In the eighth evening of the program The unity on LiveTalk, we discuss what young people can do to revive the economy so that the young people will not leave the country to find a better place in other countries in the pursuit of mistreatment from foreigners.
If you would like to hear the announcement or you would like to send a call to Huawei to number 7, use WhatsApp to number 001-202-465.”
You would like to have our time at 7 at 909am, 4930; 6040, and 15460 at Short Wave each day.
Project 7 can be reduced by six hours, Monday through Friday at 909am, 4930 7270 and 9885 at Short Wave.
Zimbabwe and all over the world were in partnership with the International Women’s Day, which many women are saying they are often compelled because the adults in the country don’t care about themselves and give equal rights to all.
Even though Zimbabweans have their supreme legislation to equal the rights of both women and men, the majority of the women we spoke to indicate that they are not important to government, political institutions, institutions, or institutions to ensure that these things happen.
A member of Parliament, also a lawyer, Miss ʹy Mauuome, told premi7 that women are in great stress in the country because of the men’s impunity in adulthood.
There they say there is a grand opportunity for the nation to bring the road between the men and the men near if they comply with the law.
The President of the Zimbabwe Women Lawyers Association, Abigail Matsvai, tweeted that today is a very important day in urging government officials to comply with the laws governing equal rights for men and women.
Mr. Tsungirai Hungwe-himbunde, one of the members of the panel of men and women, said a clear education would be necessary in order to demonstrate the value of equal rights between men and women.
he says his ministry is doing well to engage them in discussions with political parties and to give women the right to elections so that the majority of women will be able to resist the urge to escape.
This year’s highlight is the Think Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for solitary.
According to Mr. Maoome, according to the highlight of the incident, the election question must have used its authority to ensure the equal number of men and women in the elections of 2023.
Mrs. Matsvai also supports this reform party in the leadership capacity.
Mr. Maemome further stated that women must join them in combating their combatants and inviting men to join them.
he added that it is clear that the majority of the men in the party are unwilling to leave and that is why they and the women are quarreling, and that is why the women can’t go out to a certain point.
The International Women’s Day is held on the eighth day of March each year. It is celebrated to demonstrate the success of women in business, politics, and other areas of life and to demonstrate the importance of women to have the masculine rights.
The initiative, which is initiated by the government in Gokwe in the Midlands area, was held by various agencies at various locations. The leadership of the MD, Nelson Hammisa, also served in the hitungwiza.
The media, including the Zimbabwe Human Right Commission, also disclosed that women are less likely to move because they are less likely to move because of financial concerns.
The Zimbabwe Peace Prroject also introduced its message on the subject of combating anti-humanism, in the midst of a national demonstration.
Minors who are unemployed are being cut off for 48 hours because their strike is illegal.
The appointees, Rodgers Manyangadze and Lawrenoe Murasi, have given doctors two days to work.
The court, in response, said the dispute between the children’s doctors and the government had given them two weeks to solve the problem.
The Vice Chancellor of Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ Association, Dr. Masimba Ndoro, says despite the incident, the doctors are not entitled to work despite the incident.
Project 7 asked her if they didn’t care if they didn’t care what they were going to do, they didn’t fear that they would lose their jobs, Dr. Ndoro indicated that those with a job had to do all they had to do and go to work.
Loyya for Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ Assoiation, Doug ooltart, suggests that he will not agree to the court order to find out why it is said.
he added that, if the doctors wish, he has the right to appeal to the court on the verdict.
Project7 has not been able to communicate with the Minister of Health, Dr. Obadiah Mayo, and the Health Service Board.
The doctors laid down their equipment on the third day, claiming that they had no work to do.
The management of the doctors who go to work also shut up the room last Monday without going out demanding their salary and hospital status.
The US government has declared that an elephant Idai has destroyed the Near East area and that the pandemic will continue to torture the people there.
Drawing on a conversation with Huawei7 to the US ambassador in the country,ason Taylor, the Director-General of the ASID, said as a result, they and his agencies are engaged in negotiations to build roads and build damaged structures, they are focusing on feeding people to save their lives.
Taylor acknowledged that the crash in the province of Manioaland was so intense that the government of Zimbabwe alone could not tolerate it.
Taylor, who visited the suburbs of Manioaland and delivered food to them, indicated that he was surprised to see people in the region mourn.
She added that the children she saw were saddened. she emphasized the importance of providing food and shelter for people in the country as well as helping them feel better.
According to Taylor, when they reached the Chief Executive Officer and thehipinge, they did not find any suspects because of their party membership and lack of support from the government.
USAID, whenever the government of Zimbabwe is concerned, will also send scientists to Zimbabwe to inform the people of Zimbabwe about when and where the storm will come and how they will protect people and property.
Ever since the Olympic Idai, the United States has given Zimbabwe $2.6M.
The government of Zimbabwe, the United Nations and NGOs, have launched an initiative to pay $60M to care for the debt victims of the illegal Idai.
It is estimated that 300,000 people in the area of Maniolaland are in need, including 129,00 children.
Nine districts, after the destruction of the mining Idai, have been destroyed, and 130,000 schools have been damaged, leaving 90,000 students in hiding places.
The government said it numbered 300 more and 399 lost their lives.
They are expecting that the population will grow.
Some patients say they are healing abroad because custody officials have taken a stand for death in hospitals without medical attention.
According to a study by Project7, some patients are traveling to countries such as South Africa, Botswana, and Zambia to get healed from the strike of child-care officials.
One of the patients we spoke to in Parirenyatwa, Miss Molline-do said, she visits the hospital regularly to get treatment but nothing happens.
Miss Hindove said she is going to South Africa to get medical attention because she fears that she will be killed when her legs are in water.
Fiona Muohabaiwa, one of her relatives, said she had no choice but to go to Zambia tomorrow to get medical attention. She claimed it was expensive.
Studies conducted by Project 7 indicate that the country’s closed hospitals are becoming depressed, and more and more people are struggling to leave the country’s hospitals to private hospitals for medical attention.
Wilbert Kasanze said he has discharged his wife from the royal General Hospital to go to the private hospital in hitungwiza.
According to Kasanze, the traffic from haigutu to hitungwiza has wasted all of its money.
The Health Services Board has announced that rescue officers for children who have been trapped in recreation will be returning to work as soon as possible.
The promise also urged all rebels to give up their jobs so that, if they are looking for work, they will return their license.
This is due to the words of the Vice President, unstantino, who is urging all rebels to give up their jobs.
However, according to Zimbabwe Doctors for Human Rights, the government has disregarded custody officers because custody officers do not have funeral certificates.
Lionel Chelsea, a football player for Argentina and the Barcelona team in Spain, refused to play any more football for Argentina after he failed to secure a cup.
Chelsea made the statement after he rebuked the Am Erica match in the United States, where Argentina won the final match after they were attacked by the Hill for the cup. This is the second time that Argentina has seized the cup.
The chieftain of Argentina, Sergio Romero, was disappointed by the crushing of Argentina on Sunday after Franciscuo Silva defeated.
The two countries fought in the immediate direction of the 82,000 in front of East Rutherford in New York.
The invading countries are located in North and South Am Erica.
In the last three years, Argentina won 4-2 victories in the panaatis. Argentina won 4-2 victories.
Mary then told the media of Typo Sports that she had not played soccer for Argentina anymore because she couldn't secure the cup even though it was her dreadful visions.
Chelsea is 29 years old.
Barcelona has won four cups of the Champions League. Still, she has not been able to go through Argentina to winning either Am Erica or the World cup.
Some patients in Bulawayo do not get medical attention at the city’s public hospital because of a strike of doctors who has been hearing for four days.
When Project 7 arrived at the Mpilo hospital, some patients who were severely affected, including pregnant women, had been restrained from returning home.
Mr. Dlamini, a member of the panel, was told that Mr. Dlamini was not able to find a doctor and that he should not return home.
We want to talk to Mr. Leonard Mabande, the Chief Director of the hospital, who says we have been speaking to Zolani Ndlovu, the Chief Executive Officer of the Electoral Chamber, and he claims he is so busy that he cannot speak to him now.
The facility facility is closed at the United Bulawayo Hospital, which serves as the director of the hospital’s office, Dr!isaus Dzvanga, has declared that the hospital no longer welcomes patients except those who are severely affected.
According to the Association of Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors, Dr Mthabisi's commentator, “the doctors are still putting off their equipment despite the government’s mandate to work. They say they have not heard anything from the government.
Dr Ndlovu highlights the mismanagement of hospitals and the reason why they go to work is because they do not have medicine and the necessities of life.
Project7 cannot negotiate with Dr Obadiah Moyo, the remaining Minister of Health, so they have not heard the government respond favorably to the incident.
However, Dr. Moyo Vice Chancellor, Dr. John Mangwiro, on audiocalled that, at the moment, they cannot say anything because they are no part of the country. The Ministry’s Secretary, Dr. Gerald Gwin, was not able to deal with us personally.
The MP, Doroas Sibanda, in a discussion of the Bulawayo Metropolitan province, had revealed that the intervention by the doctors had taken place for some time, and it is a sad fact that the government has neglected to see some people lose their lives.
Government doctors put their equipment down on Saturday, and most of them are in state hospitals for advisers.
Barry Daka, a kookesian and playwright to the Highlanders, has died at the age of 75 when he was short-lived.
His daughter, Lorraine, reprimanded Project7 that his father left today at their home in Barbourfield.
he says he got sick on Sunday while a concert was being started at Barbourfields Stadium and he is believed to be killed in peace.
The Highlanders confessed to them that they were agonizing over their death and added that they were weeping in their family and others.
The club said Mr. Daka started his combat work in 1986 and confiscated several cups including the Independenceup, thehibuku Trophy, the Rothmans Shield and the Net Brewup.
Mr. Daka has not yet arranged funerals for women.
The chief mosquito, Thomas Mapfumo, says he will be among the Zimbabweans who will act in opposition to their President, Robert Mugabe, at the United Nations General Assembly in New York next month.
Mr. Mapfumo said it is important for the people of Zimbabwe to show that they are dissatisfied with what is going on in their country and that when things are not going well, it is up to the citizenry to act.
Mr. Mapfumo says he will not shut up during the demonstration and will cooperate with the people of Zimbabwe to announce the international government, especially the President Mugabe, that there is a need for change in the country.
“I'm a mosquito, but in New York I'm going to join others in protesting the corruption and oppression the Mugabe government is introducing to Zimbabwe.
We are expecting the so-called #Thisflag of the Clergyman Evans Mawarie, the Taeamuka Association of the Oupy Africa Unity Square, NG Os, and the supporters of the Zimbabwe party to join in the demonstration.
Attendance will be Patson Dzamara, a younger brother of Ittai Dzamara, a warrior who was missing last year.
According to the Am algamated Rural Teachers of Zimbabwe, no interference has taken place between their government and teachers in solving the problems that arise among teachers.
Obert Masaure, the leadership of ARTUZ, explained that the company is not interested in finding students who are unable to continue their education, especially the poor teachers and teachers.
According to the Masaraure, since the teachers and their relatives are less payable, they are signing a resignation to find a new job.
We cannot talk to the Minister of Education, Dr. Paul Mavhima, and listen to him.
According to the Worldwide Declaration of the November, to announce the pandemic on women, the Association of Women in Zimbabwe has disclosed that they suspect that some people in the country have nothing to know about the pandemic.
According to the Association’s report, some of the other cancer patients consult the mental-health practitioners before consulting the volunteers to help with cancer patients, and so does the treatment.
Priscilla Mangwiro, a chairman for the Zimbabwe Association, has declared that those who have been infected should go to medical professionals who are qualified to treat cancer.
According to Miss Mangwiro, it is necessary for people from time to time to go to hospital to check their bodies to see if they have a hidden form of cancer, especially cancer in their nests.
Miss Mangwiro describes breast cancer as the second pandemic dying of women in Zimbabwe.
Mr. Mangwiro said, from the beginning of the first day of September, when the public was announced about cancer, her company and her company, along with over 50 women, have tested to see if they have or don’t have the substance, and the number will go up till the end of the month.
When she heard about the association of Zimbabwe operations, a woman named Gertrude Magwaniza announced that she took her daughter there and saw cancer in her sucklings.
Miss Mangwira indicates that many other factors contribute to the development of breast cancer in women.
Miss Mangwira indicated that they should pay attention to the changes in their members, to determine if they have breast cancer.
Miss Mangwiro said most women think that getting cancer means that they are going to die, but more is going to be moved to help women survive the world.
Miss Mangwiro claims that one of the most common causes of cancer is foods rich in oxygen and sugar.
Miss Mangwiro has advised women to take the initiative to test their cancer and to give them the skills they need in the treatment.
More than five thousand people are infected each year, and the majority of them will be visited by the doctors by deadly diseases.
According to the government’s Petroleum Authority, Petertrade, if the government is on the move to buy or buy oil, the decline of oil will never go away.
voicing his claims on the Parliament’s policy of oil, the Chief Executive Officer of Petertrade deceived Godfrey Nubuube and said it would be possible if the company was given the opportunity to buy or sell oil according to their wishes.
Mr. Naduce agreed that this will increase the prices, but it is the only way the country can solve the problem.
Mr. Noube announced that they are waiting for the government’s oil to decline prices in the country and that in the future they will have more oil.
Mr. Naduube claims that the government’s example of the decline in the area is that in the six months leading up to the previous year, 50 million gallons of oil have been sold, but in the meantime this year, only 36 million gallons have been sold.
When asked how to repair damaged oil, the Secretary for the fire fighters, Gloria Magombo, said the problem should go on the part of the coffers in the country.
He also acknowledges that when the problem is addressed, it needs all the people and not just its ears.
Meanwhile, Mr. Magombo is expressing his intention to destroy oil with a purse, as the governor of Central Bank, John Mangudya, announced that the purse would indicate how much oil your truck had been consumed, he indicated that plans for the COVID-19 pandemic did not come true.
Mrs. Magombo announced that he cannot say the timing will be successful despite Mr. Mangudya’s announcement last month that he had the hope that until the end of May, the term could be used as stated.
Parliament was thus furious and declared that the firemen were not doing their job well. According to Mrs. Magombo, the consumption of the burning machine has not been established today because many of the local gas stores are purchased for the dollar of the Am Erica.
The Parliament announced the concern that the decline of oil is affecting the economy.
On Saturday, the Zimbabueans celebrated their three-day festival of freedom from white claims to black slavery
This African independence gave way to hope that one day they would enjoy it.
But after 40 years of independence, things have been worse than if they did not even have jobs to support their family
They say that they do not even know what their business is doing or what the future holds for them
Health concerns are by no means better than what the country is expecting of them
Meanwhile, those who are doing the work regularly are on their way to the opposite direction.
The introduction of President Emmerson Mnanagwa to 2017 through the election of President Robert Mugabe by the military, has given the public a sense of urgency
Some of them, however, are deliberately disregarding themselves as if their expenses were in danger.
So the party of ZanuPF has done nothing for the country for the past 40 years.
The North Chief Executive Officer of the Zanu Party, Regis Harumbira, is told that their party has done well and has given the African people the right to political office or to party.
Mr. Churumbira said his party has concluded the investigation of those who have obtained land for agriculture and those who have not obtained so-called foreign land.
However, the Deputy Secretary of the MDC-T north Among the parties failed to keep his promise.
They say things have been ruined for years in the business sector, health sector, and business sector, leaving many more people in homes.
Attorney Ntabazinduna N chanhlay!we, or Lord Felix Tong, with an appeal to the Supreme Court for 18 years
Ishe and 23 persons were picked up on walls in Feti Mbele and wanted to leave the province of Ntabazinduna.
This, in turn, brings the allegations to Mbele's unfaithful wife-Nongelo Mpengesi
The Attorney General, Duba, was advised by the Attorney General, to respect the chiefs of the Supreme Court.
The famous musician, Thomas Muanya Mapfumo, says he is expecting a song to appear this month following the breakup of their equipment.
The project at Eugene, the Oregon in the United States, Traokdown Studios. Dr. Mapfumo told Project7 that only 7 of the 15 music he has made remains.
The Haekokoko has ordered the Heal Zimbabue President, Rashid Mah!, to have a baeli to be tried at home
The suspect is expected to be released, but the police have failed to complete their licensing work
The prosecution, a member of the Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Tonderayi Bhatasara, said the court’s complaint against the complaint against the complaint against the complaint against the complaint against the complaint against the complaint in addition to the complaint against the applicant’s license of $ 1,000
“The trial has been confirmed because what we were expecting is that the trial will be resigned. Bhatasara told Huawei’s Project7
I'm one of the victims who took the initiative to bully the government.
Speaking to the Secretary of the Zimbabwe Medical Directorate of Health Service, Saokoe request, he said he had obtained a letter from the physician general urging him to postpone his career.
hirisa, who is the chief practitioner, said there has been a lot of work for the chief babysitters to go to the straike because the smaller doctors go to the straike.
he added that in order to ensure success in the work, they need the young doctors to come and work.
Speaking, Mr.kurisa said the number of people who are going to receive nurses in the hospitals is due to the absence of about 533 doctors
The Secretary of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Assoiation, Mthabisi Anele), said he was also dissatisfied with the statement by the former President, Constantino, which said the young doctors are doing in school.
The person who made the statement was picked up to engage in discussions with the government about the doctors in the home and the supervisors in the home.
Many of their initiatives have been criticized when it comes to military action.
According to the smaller doctors, the government should provide clothes and clothes to be used at the workplace and should reimburs their salary.
But the government also insisted that they have no money and that they are not able to do the same.
They have been able to hear what the Minister of Health, Mr Obadiah Moyo, is saying after going to the meeting.
The Labor Court has rejected the government’s counsel because the government has not taken any documents
Doug’soltart, a lawyer for the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctor’s Association at Labor, alleged that no good documents have been returned from the Health Services Board,HSB and thus the case cannot be settled.
The court order orderedHSB’s lawyers to work on the missing papers on Wednesday
But the doctors say they are going to court to do something to bring them back to work
The former Vice President of the Association, Masiba Ndoro, said his company needs to be paid every day
The smaller doctors were on the 3rd strike, demanding the use of weapons for use
The leadership of doctors at the Zimbabwe Senior Hospital Doctors' Association also went to tracks on Thursday, with them also being unpaid and without any obligation to health
According to the leadership of the doctors, it is unwise for doctors to go to work without the use of equipment.
The doctors also assured the government that their salary has been reduced to 60%.
Meanwhile, the tracks have been removed, two doctors, according to the University of Zimbabwe, have been removed, and some have been restored to resignation.
Dr. Bothwell Mbuvayesango has also been convicted and admitted for his investigation into pediatiric.
Dr. Mbuvayesanguo made a celebrated name for himself because Dr. Wake is also near in the heart’s examination of the headship of the headship group in 2014
Zimbabwe's association of Doctors for Human Rights has challenged Dr. Mbuvayesangano’s strike
We can't hear from the University of Zimbabwe or the government about nursing.
But comments from the Minister of Health, Obadiah Moyo, indicate that doctors will not return to work
According to Moyo, when the government is drawing out of the ruling, it is going to determine what the government is doing
The doctors in response to claims that they do not have enough money to go to work
The government, as well as the foreign sector, has renewed the license to transport koal to India and to Appearance.
Speaking on the concerns of the Minister of the reconstruction, Winston aka hitando, the government’s ambitious objective is for the state to engage in combat.
According to him, Zimbabwe is threatening to go with 25 million Koal tons, but it is expected to go with 3 million at any time.
he also said India is the most widely accessible country in the year to Koal.
At the same meeting, President Emerson Mnanagwa said the relationship between the country and the people of Zimbabwe cannot be of genuine benefit.
Project7 has not identified the company of Viotoria unulting, and who really is in charge of the project?
However, the former mining minister of the current government, Gift hunanike, does not understand why the Zimbabweans should be aware of the miners, according to him.
The necklace, Nyasha Muhiwwa, made the same statement.
Mr. Muohiwa also insisted that his relationships with other nations should be put in place.
According to the Minerals Commission, the koah papa, as well as the 29 mining sites, is said to be in the area.
The two Hwange branch offices, Willery and Mountain Resouroes, are the largest miners in the country.
The three members of the MP, led by Nelson, are picked up at Harare on Friday, and released for $ 1,000 baeli
Speaking to Chief Justice, Bianoua Makwande, the two Chief Justice, Tendai Biti and Ms Lynett Karenyi Kore, their Secretary, Ms Gladys Hlatywayo, the Deputy Secretary, Mr Lovemore, and the Deputy Secretary of the party, David the Chief Justice, and Ms Vongai Tome, are said to be.
These men are mandated to pay everyone $1,000 for the MDou’s Morgan Tsvangirai house
Mr. Makwande said the victims would be sent to court again at 24 hours per appeal from the police to hear their complaints.
Commenting on the verdict, one of the pending officers, Aleo Muohdeamma, said the court ordered the people to be there to destroy their operations and investigations.
Mr. MuChadeuna also said, although the suspects were picked up by three persons, the suspects went to court this morning and were returned to the police for breaking the law of obedience to the law of 19
The six allies have also reacted to the court’s approach to the applicants
Mr. MuChademara also indicated that the suspects cannot be protected fromOVID-19 in prison.
The Chief of Parliament, Nelson, has said that despite the arrest of some persons, he will continue to combat the transformation of the country.
Ms. Makwande disagrees with the party’s deputy speaker, Womberaishe Nhende, who is in the hospital.
Mr. Nhende, who has been said to have been wounded yesterday after being admitted at the hospital
In another press release, Zimbabwe’s Lawyers for Human Rights said it was delivered on Wednesday, when the expulsion of President Emmerson M ICTagwa on baeli $300 was being canceled.
This official, Shungvicemoyo Kaohe, will be tried at home
The Prohibitor of Healing and Deliveranoe (PHSo Ministries, Walter Magaya, has also expressed his concern in Zimbabwe, saying he has introduced the Aguma vaccine for HIV/AIDS, cancer, and disease.
Speaking to Huawei7, she said at the end of her prayers on Wednesday night in Francistown, Botswana, Mr. Magya said she had to sit down and stop her plans to appease the police who had been arrested in October 2018 because she said she had been cured of HOV/AIDS.
In his apologizing for HIV /AIDS, Mr. panawa pays $700 in the rescue.
However, Mr. Magaya was not sidetracked by the incident, he told the Project7 that he was working with some companies that he didn’t want to bear their names to find the cure for HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Magaya said HIV?AIDS is a problem for the African community, and thus he urged all nations to work together to find a cure for it.
Mr. Bawwa is ready to work with other countries because he realizes that Zimbabwe has not resolved to stop the pandemic.
On the contrary, in a statement against Magya in Zimbabwe, the Aretha Midioal company has found that, unless its names are listed in the Medioines Authority of Zimbabwe, Health Professions Authority has thus not authorized any investigation into the Agama medicine as to whether it works or not.
The doctor at a hospital in Francistown, Sengaphi Khuzwayo, disrespected Meya for wanting money
Mr. Magaya has already refused to remain in the country since it was announced that he had raped a woman, but the court ruling rejected the case
The absence of Pediatiris from the hospital has led to distressing cases in the hospital, such as in the distressed General Hospital.
Ms. Lisa Sibanda is a tired woman from postpartum depression
Ms. Sibanda said her young daughter died in her womb when she was born on Tuesday, but there was no doctor to help her, as a result, to the nursing doctor who assisted her to kill her baby.
Miss Sibanda said the biggest problem she has had is that she has been heavily polluted with her earrings, bringing her disease.
Ms Sibanda said they are continuing to suffer from excavators, and as a result, they cannot get to the hospital excavators.
Erasmus Zindoga, who brought his wife to Karibah, said he had not received any help from any doctor, but what he had seen did not intend to take care of his wife.
Zindoga said it has already been squeezed from Karibah to the 250-mile-long-mile-long-mile-long triumph over uncomfortable facilities in the hospital.
We have not heard how many women are going to tribulation in hospitals where people are being rescued from such places as Kariba, Hurungwe, Karoi, Makonde, and Zwimbo.
doctors are not going to work anywhere in the marketplace, said the Vice Chief of Medical Laboratory Scientists,.”
On the contrary, he added that nurses are not the only ones to care for unwanted pregnancies, as they were in the hospital.
The Chief Executive Officer of the CityCouncil, Tihohoo Mlauzi in a statement last week stated that he would move the 120,000 residents to water tribulation through the debris of the three pumps.
The Kansa Association of Zimbabwe urges the public to allow themselves to do interfaith research as a result of the pandemic.
In Zimbabwe more than 5,000 people are infected each year, most of whom become accustomed to the pandemic.
The group’s President, aunior Mavhu, says they have an intention of looking into other men and women to see how they can help them.
It has been said that kansa is killing a lot of people in the country, especially its women, although it has a lot of males.
One of the Minerals Commandments is urging both men and women to engage in the Minerals, expecting that they will start their first month in the Minerals and will celebrate the international beginning of the Minerals.
Around the world, they are expecting to be released in this month and they look forward to reminding people of what they are learning and how to protect themselves from it
Ms. Maurhu thinks we don't care all the time so that the pandemic can be prevented and heard.
The people of Zimbabwe celebrated their second year’s celebration on Saturday after a round-trip of three people at Harare, some of whom returned to court to refute the 2018 elections.
This massacre swept across the world and through the media from all over the country, they were supervising the first phase of the tax, which occurred between Zanu Pamu, Emmerson M ICTagwe on account of Robert Mugabe’s achievements and accomplishments.
Mnmagwe was with Nelson, the chief interrogator of MD, in an attempt to escape.
Following the election, the government formed a committee that was investigated. The leadership of the committee was South Africa’s President, Kgalema Mot'he.
According to the Commission, some of these statements indicated that the soldiers and the police had seriously killed and that the suspects were to be punished. The government was compelled to pay the families of the victims.
Mr. Mot'he's committee also urged the government not to send the victims to school, and it prevented police and military from enforcing the law.
Human lovers say the government has not voted for the commemoration of the Mot'he Chamber.
But the government, according to the press minister, Monioa Mutsvangwa, is aware of all the rest of the company, and plans are being made for it
According to the Assembly Chancellor, it is still time for the government to act on the proposed action.
Madhuku said they have warned the government that it will not want anything for them because they are being killed by the National Army.
Human Rights expert and Human Rights Watoh's Regional Director for North Africa, Dewa Maurhinga, said the government has not planned to do as the company said.
The reports have been released two years ago, but neither a soldier has been picked up nor done what was said, Maurninghinga said.
Several sites were excavated from the time President, Emmerson M ICTagwe and his colleagues, as well as the MP, joined the entire country in the reconstruction of operations on the national level on the date of the move.
Mongoagwe arrived at Parirenyatwa hospital this morning with his assistants in the cleaning work at the hospital.
Speaking at the conclusion of the repair work, Mr. Mnmagwe said the project was successful and that it had a positive impact on the lives of people.
he added he was doing this to remind people that this is what they should do.
Mr. M ICTagwe also said people are uncertain about how to quit and learn from other countries like Rwanda, where people no longer depend on her weeds and walk on her feet.
The Minerals Minister, Kirsty Kovntri and his staff, started breaking down the road of Simon Muzenda and completing the breaking of the African Unity Square and the Meikles Hotel and TM Supermarket staff.
he added the people were surprised when they saw them sweeping.
The Zimbabwe Newspapers, on the other hand, took the initiative to broaden their operations, increase their efficiency, and increase their efficiency with recycling equipment.
Zimpapers' spokesman, tonhodzayi, told Project7 that protests have seriously disrupted the area and that they are trying to support the government in its operations.
he added all the workers in all parts of the country have taken up the nation’s clean-up work.
The Minister of Harare, Hebert Gomba, Mr. Censilla and the Attorney General, also broke the debris and dismantled the trash.
Speaking to Huawei7 at Maohipisa in Highfield, Gomba, Maohipisa indicates that he is excited over the large number of people who took part in the work.
he added that the cities need to keep calling on the remaining ones, and as a result, the association is repeatedly calling on the cities to keep clean.
Mr. M ICTagwa started the day, which meant that every first Friday of every month, it had helped them to maintain their dignity.
The Ministry of Economy says it is expected to contribute funds to the development of the economy.
Speaking to the media at Harare today, the Secretary of the Ministry, George Guvamatanga, said it is difficult to bring about two or one dollars of gold.
Guvanmatanga also said the Ministry is aware that the country’s financial resources are limited and that the government is planning ahead.
They asked how to combat the stealing process. The Deputy Minister of State in charge of the economy insisted that the customers be recovered from sources of income.
The Labor and Eonomy Development Researcher Institute of Zimbabwe, Nyasha Muohiuwa, said the government is going to be able to maintain its financial status only if the state investes its resources in the operations of the country, in foreign affairs.
Mr. Muohiwa, on the other hand, said the process could not be solved if the money was collected at a time or at a time.
The Minister acknowledged that the increase in the amount spent on health will also be due to the increase in the health concerns.
The Minister of Economy, Mthuli Noboube, also told the media that he was impressed with his contribution to the economy.
However, the former Minister of Economy, Tendai Biti, who is one of the three MDs, indicates that the country’s economy is wasting away by the Central Bank of Reserve Bank in Zimbabwe, doing all she can to support it.
Mr. Biti, who is the Head of Parliament’s financial sector, said the Ministry of Economy and the Central Bank has failed to regulate the national currency so as not to destroy the economy and government officials.
However, the Ministry is saying that the public does not realize how much time the country has invested in a national banquet, so it will take some time for it to get up.
The musician, Rise Kagona, describes the history of their position and career with Biggie Tamo.
Four children are dead, and he is saying they don’t happen if they don’t exist.
A medical officer who knows what is going on in the hospital testified that the children died shortly before the night when they were born.
Project7 also failed to listen to the staff at the hospital.
Mr. Langton also died an unwanted victim on Wednesday after he was taken from Harare to the hospital.
The hunter of the Banquet, Mathilda, who was betraying his half brother who died and had no support, said, his brother called him to the hospital without help, and he arrived after he died.
Ms.himbe suggests that those who die at the hospital should be treated during the menstruation period.
Over 16,000 child management officers working in public hospitals go to the state to demand payment
The government has concluded that all custody officers for displaced children should look for a new job.
On the contrary, the number of recipients ofOVID 19 is increasing because of the failure of some, such as maseke, to comply with the provisions they have put on the table.
Now, it is clear, the public is spreading the pandemic in the country, in trucks, in business centers and banks, with the impact of the population.
Project7 has also seen dozens of people who did not wear masks in their meeting with the public at Harare.
A resident of Harare, Paul Mawira, who was unwilling said he sometimes forgot even to
Following an unnamed resident who was waiting for a funeral banks to be released from the town, Project7 asked him if he knew that the rate ofOVID 19 was increasing.
But he added, knowing that he was standing for one’s rights is important, the human rights are fundamental to human rights.
Simon Zhou, who was also waiting for the truck, told Mt Pleasant Heights, they have also stopped at the same place about 14 hours.
According to him, the people are not supervised, and they have even been allowed to wash their hands as if they were riding on the ZUPCO when driving in the country.
The Secretary of Health at MDea Alliancene, the former Minister of Health, Dr. Henry Madzorera, called for protection when adhering to the policy of the health community.
Dr. also urged the audience to keep the house hidden during the period.
The Deputy Minister, John Mangwiro, on Wednesday told Project7 that the information was being presented on the subject of the pandemic and that the blood of many people was being checked to see if they had any infection that had helped prevent the pandemic.
In an interview with his party leadership, President, Emmerson MSMagwa at a meeting, he added the progress ofOVID 19 tells us that a religion must be introduced.
The death toll fromOVid 19 is not limited to Zimbabwe, and it has 12 million people in all countries, including 88,212 in Zimbabwe.
The doctors at Public Seotor, as well as some others in opposition to the Mpilo Sntetera Hostpial in Bulwayo, unpleasantly engaging them in the treatment of Dr. Peter Magombeyi on Saturday, at Harare.
Doctors, including those who are staffed at the United Bulawayo hospital, have been in the Appointments Hospital, trying to demonstrate that an unknown person has not used Dr. Magendiyi in his home in Harare.
According to Ngongoma, there are people dying that cause fear and fear.
The Speaker of the Kwazulu-Natal Police Command,monel Thmbeka Mbele, said the Plessislaer Police Command is investigating the two deaths.
No one was seized.
Parents are frustrating and the school is closed.
Parents are protesting this unprecedented death and a truck tire was burnt at Putini High Schoola in Mangemang, Umtshezi
We have already heard that parents talk about things that are hard to find in their children’s school.
The children are said to be in the classroom without water and lamps.
The speaker-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General-General said the city was speaking about the publicity of the
Study is conducted at a regular facility provided by the Ministry of Education.
The town doesn't like that.
The city’s counselor, Nkosingiphile Mpembe said that, in 2010, the people were assured that the school would be built for them and that it will not be built until now.
The students are sitting in periods of study, and the old waters frequently flow in the air without the right to drink.
At the conclusion of the apocalypse, a researcher came and promised that people would come from the Ministry of Education.
The speaker of the Ministry of Education, Muzi Mahlambi, said they are calling the region to see and settle the matter.
A couple are being bullied because they have stolen something.
The police are looking for suspects at Shayamoy in Mpumuza, not at Pietermaritzburg, because they think they have stolen.
The public are suspected of being stoned by London’s Mvelasa Mxolisi District this Sunday.
The couple stay together
They estimate that they have stolen about R2500 and also suspect that some of their residents have been stolen twice.
The one whose opinion is meant that even at the time he apologized, they were still making it.
Both men and women were present when he was being respected.
The town’s counsel, overlooked Zondo, went to the site in the evening to see what happened.
Speaking to him, he said they were accused of being unlawful and twenty-five.
I have returned to my town.
We don't know how bad things are going on in this region, but that doesn't mean that you are legally entitled to what you want.
You should call the police to pick up the perpetrator of the crime.
The reminder that I heard was that a man took something out of a store.
In the meantime, there has been peaceful endurance
The man is from here, the woman is from here.
Ngubo announced that I am still looking for her family and will meet with them tomorrow to discuss things with them.
The Minerals Commander of the Fornication,Nqobile Gwala said the suspects are being searched by the police of the suspect couple.
They do all they can to find relatives of the victims, but they do not succeed yet because their territory is inadequate.
The Gupta people finish paying money to some banks
Africa's News Agency (ANAA, according to a survey by the Shadow World President, Paul Edward Holden).
The President, however, has disclosed the matter before the verdict of the Supreme Court, named Raymond Zondo.
According to him, the figure was R49,157,323,233.
Usually thrown into other coins.
Holden said this when it was being given a witness about the amount that was borrowed from debt to debt.
Holden asked the witness in charge, Mathewhaskalson’s questions
Holden tells the audiences that his testimony is based on the latest information on how money is paid to Gupta’s Akufo.
According to him, Guptas had stolen R287 million from Estina Dairy Farm Prroject.
It is thought, this arrangement is for the benefit of farmers in Firi
According to Holden, Guptas started stealing money a year before even Estina started operations
This started on Wednesday, 2011 when the government of Stiti began funding the Estima operations, but Guptas started stealing funds from the operations in Kotonimaa, 2017.
Estina was used to steal money even before the project started.
According to the report, the government paid R287 million to the Gupta family, and the funds were deposited in the debt sector as if they had benefited R880 million in 2012 and 2016
The Commission continues
A movie that shows everything about the death of the bride-price
A more important film has revealed that Lindani Myeni was portrayed in Hawaii, the USA.
The movie is as if the deceased were going out of the house in Honolulu, as if he were delaying relationships between suspected partners.
It's like going to a church near her house.
He brings his sandals to the entrance of the church and greets the two men.
It means that 40 minutes later they saw the bridegroom leaving the house and apologizing to the couple.
There they saw a woman appear and call on the 911 who was being picked up.
The woman told the police that her husband was in the house entering the house.
The person with whom the house belongs is being told that nothing was taken from the house.
Some have planned to empty outright enmity with the announcement.
According to a Western edition, the court ordered that they bring the movie without doing anything
He also ordered the police to announce all the calls on 911 that day.
A short time after a conversation with Mr. William Denselow, Biokurton announced that the bride was uncomfortable when her husband left home.
According to one of his last statements, was that he was an apologist.
In the first picture, the bride-price asked the police about the identity of the policeman who had been killed and killed at the hospital.
According to him, they did not know that Myeni was unrepentant, and the video was with the police, but they met with the media, and they were rebuked for attacking them.
Biokerson said they would search for the truth to find out what was happening.
It is alleged that an incident has taken place in the IDP in Melmoth.
IDP Information Services have been convicted of impunity on the part of the suspects that three people were killed at the party’s assembly held in the party’s assembly held in the afternoon of the Minority (Melmotho on Sunday).
The panel is said to have insisted that the crowd go to the meeting place.
The party, in part, accused the party’s leaders of trying to force them to appear on their plea for an IFP Kansela that they have dismissed.
The leadership of the IFP called the meeting on the King oetshwayo in order to settle the issue that had delayed the area. Last week, he did not understand that the discharged Kanselets were being returned with me, including me, to deceive Bonginkosi biologela.
One Public Committee, who did not want his name to be known during the demonstration and during the shooting, has accused the leadership of IFP and Kanselets there of being accused of shooting those who demanded that the parties not be able to perform the demonstration.
“The exhibition was being held in front of them because we were not allowed to go to the meeting because the people there were from different communities.
The entire dispute, according to the Committee, started after the Public Party’s candidate was picked up, and this gave the security community the opportunity to be killed.”
The Minority Leader of the Minority, who was reluctant to make his name known, said the public community in the area was a long-standing member of the Parliament.
“There was a demonstration last week to state the reason for their Kansela’s betrayal.
Meanwhile, a meeting is scheduled for all of the directors of the district of Kanselesi and IFP to be held for observance.
The negotiations started after some of the people set off the hotel during the assembly period, after the assembly began, and as a result, the security forces began firing guns.
He added that some of the people were also being bullied.
I am going to have the newly selected, Mbang)'s, his assistant Phompani Ntombela and Kanselesi in the capital of the Maponeni, and they all attended the meeting.
They tried to hear the district leader’s words, but they couldn’t find them.
The Speaker of the General Assembly, Thami Shangase, said the assembly was not scheduled by the assembly, adding that the police had everything in hand.
The nation’s spokesman for the IFP, Mkh Dank Hlengwa, said the party is going to make his own voices on the matter today.
The disagreement started with the defeat of bisela and Kanselets, which resulted in the dissemination of the people, especially the members of the Minerals Party.
A spokesman for the Honolfo-Natal Police, Mohammed Thembeka Mbele, said the Melmoth Police Command is investigating the explosion of the guns and other acts of violence.
Mbete means that corruption has not been overlooked.
The MP, Baleka Mbethe, has rejected the complaint against corruption.
In response to claims on some of the allegations that he has been laid down as a member of Parliament, Miss Mbete made known that all persons are convinced, while some cases are rumorious because scientists have no evidence.
He even said something about weapons, calling on the former President’s name, as an example of receiving a letter on some difficult items, but he knew the origin of them.
The President, I know that some of the people who witnessed here are familiar with the plans of the President.
I know that a speaker is here and says they can't say what you've heard.
I'll be able to relate what the guns were deliberately remanded yesterday ( Monday)
A letter is in my office door.
The letter contains difficult but unscrupulous statements.
I don't have time to go to Parliament, and I'll not be able to go with a book that I don't know the Secretary, and we'll go with that.
My concerns are what he wrote, and that person must come to me and understand my feelings.
Mbete said it was in my defense in Parliament that we were not entitled to discuss the newspapers.
In the month of May 2, 2021, she was asked why she had made a personal sacrifice in Gupta family discussions.
I don't remember it, but I know it was about the development of the Gupta family.
I think we can’t wait until these issues are wrong and we’ll see the one who wrote them.
Consider what they will say about the world he has created for you.
Ms. Methe continued on how to get the explanation and how to do our work for ourselves
NSFAS is charged with the death of the student.
Students are accusing NSFAS of the death of a student who fell victim to Durban Tvetollege on the runway for two days at Manor on Saturday.
Twenty-six-year-old Jonwabo Mananya, who has died, is said to be a scholar who has completed an unstrual Eleumture and has been disfellowshipped by the owner of his house because of the rent he owe.
So he had him lie down the site for two days because he had nowhere to go since Monday he was disfellowshipped.
The deceased was to be in bad health on Wednesday.
His friends told him that he had to find a place to put on.
The report indicates that Jonwabu died on Saturday at a place where his friend lived in Durban North.
A pupil near the deceased said they are surprised by what happened and that is why the NSFAS is being accused of being sidetracked over the money he will get
I'm sad because they could have stopped dying.
The student said I love NSFAS because I see him this winter we will hear these stories very much.
People who were unable to go to the deceased announced that the incident would not permit them to talk to the media
Commander of the Kwazulu-Natal Police Commander Nqobile Gwala has said they have not said anything
Asherville was resigned to a financial crisis, about 50 students stood outside the school gates yesterday and presented themselves for teaching.
The students were trained to sleep because they had been expelled from their sleeping quarters because they were unable to pay rent.
Several students in sleeping dress came from Gauteng, Eastern anape, and MP
Mr.!abonga Sambu of Ermelo, Mpum], a graduate of themunity Safety degree, has awarded NSFAS the award for complaint when it comes to financial support.
According to him, they received no money since the rescue month
There's no money to buy food.
Those looking for work were given a small amount of money
Sambu indicates that nothing is going on in the area, and we say that we are also being picked up by the government.
Zendi Mabanga from Johannesburg confirmed the fact that she was disfellowshipped and that she was also in court.
Dr. Mthabisi's Secretary for Mpilo Hospital Doctors Association, Dr. Mthabisi, said he is not interested in what is happening, and he wishes to be picked up, and he wants to see.
Dr. Towanda, who also claims to have worked with Dr. Magemangyi, indicates that many doctors are now afraid and insisting that Dr. Magemangyi will not be employed and that he or she will get a job without pay
Chief Director of Mpilo Hospital, Leonard Mabandi, has indicated that the doctors will soon resume their profession
Walter also says there are many patients who have not been treated by the doctors.
All the doctors were picked up, and the doctors said they were not going to have enough money to come to work the next two weeks.
The government is saying it is going to enforce the rule to pay a strike for doctors, but humanists say it is illegal for the government to do so
A lot of people have gone out to Kentucky outskirts in the US while 74-year-old Muhammad Ali is being left on vacancy
Others included former US President Bill London, including George Foreman, Mike Tyson and Lenox Lewis, and Will Smith, a movie producer
President Obama also dispatched his disagreement. A Zimbabwen of Kentucky Patricia Chikanga said the country can do something better with regard to the deaths.
Patricia Chikanga told Project7 that the country should give the leadership of its leaders the credit. More and more people are coming to meet Ali.
The Zimbabwe Council of Churches (ZCC) claims that they regret what is happening at Matabeleland South, Matabeleland North and the Bulawayo District on the loans given to ministers working at the church in the region.
The ZCC has gathered the number to distribute to nurses and doctors working in the three districts
The Chief Secretary of the ZCC, Pr. Dr. Kenneth Mtata, told Project7 that some people suffer from starvation in the country.
he claims he is in pain and is saying these things.
he says the government must put politics aside and support the hungry.
Dr. Mtata suggests that the government will be informed about what is going on so that they too can help from house to house and reduce the risk of hunger.
Zimbabwe’s dollar continued to fall from 2007 to 2008
It was changed for $32 to $40 for the AMERICana dollar.
There are a lot of food, clothing, and other ingredients that some have called for now to have the national money.
Speaking at the end of the January, President Emmerson M ICTagwa stated that no country has the right to money.
The non-Powerful Party, President Nelson, has also said it is impossible for the country to use its own money
However, according to economist Prof. Gift Muguano, politicians are not going to make the most of the market.
The President of the Unfederation of Zimbabwe, Denford Matashu, has also seen how far-fetched the economy is
The Zimbabwe National Chamber of Weakness,hris Mugaga, has also said they have to put their heads in check and look for ways to make the dollar operational.
Prof. Mugano, however, has claimed that no dog overseer has entered the carreae and that even the government is reluctant to accept the national dollar.
The ZCTU Secretary,aphet Moyo, has also declared that business is not necessarily going on.
According to some financial scientists, the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, the RBZ, is planning to publish funds that will enable the country to survive
However, RBZ President Dr. John Mangudya claims it is all false
Zimbabwe had begun to use the dollars since 2021, but now they have stopped using their own dollars last year
Zimbabwe's vulnerability Assessment Committee estimates that up to 90 percent of all people in Zimbabwe will be starved from January to March in the coming year.
But only 1 percent of rural food was in need last month.
Other girls were Matabeland North, Masvingo, and the Midlands.
Fewsnet, a Food Authority, has that the inhabitants of the capital are also in need of food as the economy continues to deteriorate.
The most hungry will be those who are trapped in thehipinge and the headmistress affected by the syklone.
According to the Chief Executive Officer, Oel Dhumaku, a company has been feeding its members with a World Vision because it has joined the Red Cross.
But the unnamed members of the club are starving.
The public in Gweru has shown that they are afraid of the COVID-19 issues due to the closing of the city.
Ever since Friday, about 120 persons have been left at Gwetu Pleteknik
Up to 30 persons are still attending the NKoba tutors today
These are the Zimbabweans who are being served by South Africa and Botswana.
The media, Niok Mangwana, has announced that only Mboka can be featured with five hundred others from the Gwetu Pleteknik.
Ms. Enita Nyati reprimanded Project7 for fearing that those individuals would be picked up by theovid-19, and they would be able to get out of the fortified women.
But Nyasha Mahwende also meant that such individuals as Zimbabweans must be looked after in order to provide for their own family and friends.
They say that besides the spread of the disease, these individuals may be engaged in illegal activities and therefore need more protection
The security agencies on both sites have insisted that the Midland Regional Office be approved before they can get there.
We had the feelings of the Midlands Minister, Larry Maurima and Dr. Akene, but when we went to speak with him, they said he was at a meeting.
Researchers in South Africa and Botswana say they were then picked up with immigrants who could have been picked up by the virus.
Gweru May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, at the time of May, on
He urged the citizenry not to be afraid but to comply with the road arrangement so that those who owned the traffic will be cared for.
The President of the People's Democratic Party, Luoia Matibenga, who lives in Gweru, has asserted that the government has the responsibility to protect the citizenry.
Those in the Midlands are not affected by the viruses, but they are frightened by what is happening in the surrounding communities.
The National Office on Wednesday met with the doctors who attended the strike for the first time since they attended the first day of the strike last year
Some of the senior doctors went to strike on Wednesday. Many are losing their lives because of the doctors who go to strike.
The President, Emmerson M Dankagwa, who has returned from his vacation on Tuesday, has come to say, Prof. unstantino, “thinking to find a way to hold the strike.”
The Speaker of the President, Niok Mangwana, indicated that the President is coming to find a final solution to the situation.
Mr. debaucher on Tuesday urged all the doctors to go to work
The leadership of the medical association of the Zimbabwe Medical Association has given the government an eight-hour-a-half-hour-a-half-hour-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-half-a-half-half-a-half-half-a-half-half-
The President’s office Chief Executive Officer of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, Dr Elias Executive, held a meeting to listen to the doctors being presented.
The media’s report was that the doctors disclosed to the President’s office that it was the Health Services Board that had neglected.
The doctors say they want the government to take measures to reduce the use of antibiotics in the headship sector and in the private sector, to pay the US dollar for.”
The doctors cost $ 329 a month, but the amount comes to ICTGS.
But suddenly, the minister of finance at Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University, Prof. Gift Mugano, challenged the government’s ability to pay the entire amount.
Dr. Mugano was asked what happened that caused some complainers to borrow money in the US dollar, and how can they do that change
Mr. Ittai Rusike, the Chief Executive Officer of the Community Working Group on Health, took notice that the President would need to give the Ministry of Health a lot of money in the bag.
Some citizens are saying that the Health Insuranceards are not uncommon when they try to buy drugs, they are compelled to bring US dollars or stay home.
The Warriors National soccer team is leaving South Africa to compete in the alcoholic tournament
The team is spearheaded by two matchs in the African cup of Nations, which must be won in the cup this Saturday
The alcoholic beverage is being used in preparation for the Afmoon, and Zimbabwe has to secure the cup that was seized the sixth year.
Because of financial concerns, Zimbabwe has not yet acquired a championship in the championship championship, and the Warriors General announced that it will take the lead in attaining the team.
the Midzambwa is expecting to seize the cup again as a cup for him and for him who has seized the cup four times since the event begun in the year.
the Idzambwa seized the cup of alcoholic beverages in 2003,2009, 2017. and 2018
Zimbabwe's team, Tendai Dar's team, Admiral Muskwe, and Aleo Mudimu, likewise attended the round-trip.
The Zimbabwe soccer team this year is the best team to go to the Affo because of such players as Knowledge Musona and Marvelous Nakamba
Shingirai Miti, a member of the Warriors, has declared that there is no match for him because the cup always belongs to Zimbabwe.
The Zimbabweans are expecting victories in their first match with the Egyptians in the Affoon because of the cup they have seized.
Attendance to go to Egypt for elections, according to Dr. Ronald Dankai
Zimbabwe and Egypt, Democratic ReP Public of theongo and Uganda are members of the group A, whose members are opposing the Wellington Increase in expectation of leaving that group.
Following the elimination, they will begin the match through Nigeria to the Affoe in Egypt
Many soccer players see Christmas as a time to spend time with family and friends but this year while others are competing with their families, they are competing in the champions League match in Egypt.
This was Platinum’s third match after the victory over Sudan’s Al Hilal and the defeat of Tunisia Etoile dusahel.
Sweswe said it will be this Christmas, and they are looking forward to winning the games ahead to commemorate the defeat of the two games. Sweswe, the United Kookyi Darlington Dodo, announced the time has come for the people to know what they can do when they can’t take the cup. The Zimbabwe Olympic Committee’s Chief Executive Officer, Anna Miguni, has said they are going to see their relatives and friends who have been trapped for a long time. The basketball person has the same mental attitude, but he is also attending to the Masanglio tribulation.
The Am algamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe says the government has disregarded strikeers
The Association says it wants the government to pay teachers in the US dollar.
The Am algamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (artUZa used theivil Service, the Public Service Commission and the Ministry of Finance to present their leadership to the government.
Project7 has not heard what the government has to say on the matter because it has not called Monioa Mustsvangwa, a foreign minister.
According to ARTuz General Obert Masaraure, if they are servants, they have to live a normal life but they have not.
Even though the government is concerned about the economy, it has to combat corruption and impunity as well as the ability to manage the economy.
According to the Masalarure, the government is expending funds on nonessential supplies at a time when it could have been used to shoot the public.
Masabarure thinks there is money in the country to solve the problems, but one problem is that the national counselors cannot manage the money and realize the importance of planning to solve the problems
Foreigners are increasing the likelihood that they will have a passport in the country
As a result, the government urged the Registrar-General to compel foreign Zimbabweans to pay $1,000 million.
Speaking to the media, the Minister of State, Kazembe, said his minister was aware of the urgency of the public’s passport, especially those in the foreign field.
he claims that in order to ensure access to foreigners, the government has seen the need to cut the prices in order to get the documents faster.
Some people, however, see this as an increase in government’s interest in foreign currency.
A passport team in the country pays $ to PM and a passenger within a three-day period to pay $
And if they want the passport on the day, they pay $.
The Chief Executive Officer of foreign affairs in Parliament, Kindness Paradza, has asserted that the initiative supports the closing of the passport to help foreigners understand their nationality.
Paradza indicates that the same people are beating their family and friends and as a result they have paid too much to make the passport for them.
Isaao Nyaumba of Zimbab? has said he was shocked when he met the famous soccer player.
He was picked up at São Paulo in Brazil with all his names in the city of Silva Santo.
Ne Chelsea is now playing his soccer game for the Spanish team Barcelona, Lionel Chelsea, who is also promising the leadership of Brazil to win the first gold in the Olympics.
Many people claimed to have photographed Nyaumba and Neymar at Viotoria Falls and said they had been hired while working at the Ukutula oonservationenter near Pretoria in South Africa.
The Warriors girls are preparing to compete, and the whole country is expecting to be good at that game.
The Warriors are entering Rufaro Stadium for a match believed to be the greatest in Zimbabwe’s history.
The match between the Warriors and the Indomitable Lionesses of Cameroon is what will mean that they will be able to go to the Olympic Games in Rio in the next year.
The Warriors met in Yaounde two weeks ago for a defeat, but if they won the game, they will go to the World cup.
The Warriors are the team that has been able to go to a tournament for 35 years from the gold hooke girls that they were able to go in this year.
But in the future, the Warriors would be remembered as the first team to complete the tournament.
Zivanai Moroyiwa, a member of the Warrior Party, has said they are delaying the game because the Warriors are excited to win soccer because for the past 35 years, no team has been able to do that.
Tonderayi Matimura, an abs United fan, says when the two parties met two weeks ago, he believes Warriors will come off victorious again
The Zimbabwe Football Association has recognized the importance of the game for the public and has arranged it for all parties to play
Andrew Rwodzi, who works at sport, has said a lot of people will go to Stadium and play because of the ZFA plan.
Mr. Matimura has also said he will go to stadium to see some clubs because the dollar is lower than the money Zifa is collecting.
The team’s cohesi, Shendiok Mlauzi, is well organized and is expecting that Rudo Neshamba and Rutendo Maohingura will play a lot in front of the public.
Meanwhile, the Warrior team will meet Lesotho at Bourfields Stadium in the African Nations Championship match.
The team insists that Warriors are not entitled to such small groups as Lesotho, but they are not entitled to such small groups as the team, according to Muroyiwa.
The Warrior is expecting the next two games to win and go to the next African Nations Championships finals since their arrival in the tournament.
The Mighty Warriors are the game for the general attention and attention of the people.
Shops at Harare and members of the Taamuka / Sesiikile movement team have united to combat the expelled Zimbabwean police officers.
This incident occurred in the town of Norton, where the negotiators refused to move from the negotiator’s Katanga.
The spokesman for the Taamuka / Sesiemiikile movement, Makomborero Haruzive, has declared that some of the victims who have been victimized by illegal miners are members of his club.
Haruziv! that while they were on a machine, they were in the police station watching the victims but found that they were only one.
The Harare CityCouncil spokesman, Mihohael rehydeme, has declared that they did not hear anything happened because they were not in town when the incident occurred.
But by means of a news agency, the government announced on Twitter that the police had cut down a number of young people and killed them.
The government further said they had acquired a widio, some of whom some youths were wearing police knife to witness in court against the suspects.
We have not heard the police’s voice on these issues.
The city of Zimbabwe in South Africa, the city’s representative of the indigenous workers, has said the robbing of the citizenry of Zimbabwe on the Johannesburg street is painful.
The robberies of these women, including Hillbrow, Berea and Yeoville, near foreigners and Zimbabweans, are said to include kidnappings and murderers
A spokesman for the city of Zimbabwe in South Africa has announced that plans are being made to meet with the police to investigate the incident.
he added the association is planning to appear on the 6th day of the previous month with the police in an attempt to solve the problem.
According to them, the police should have been in the area on time but because of not getting there, it has given the wrongdoers the opportunity to do what is expected.
According to Mr. NKwalzi, the suspects are aware of the perpetrators of the disaster, so the police and the Zimbabweans in those areas must be at the same distance with the suspects.
Officials also indicate that the police and the military must be sent to the mining facilities in order to eliminate the peril.
South Africans have also accused the foreigners of increasing robberies, illegal drugs, and immorality
Many have said that the year's second and tenth will mark the beginning of a major political and economic crisis.
The MP of NPP in Dormaa East, Mr. Paul Apraku Twum Barimah, has urged the Parliament to accountabilize for all the money that President enticed John Mahama back and forth between the second and the third and the second and the seventh centuries.
He made this statement to the Minister of Economy, Mr. Ken Ofori Attah, saying the investigation will help both him and the people of Ghana to figure out how much has been spent on the President’s travels.
I have asked that question because I see and hear the President, John Mahama, who was deceived by the President for the hartered flights from one to the other
It's perfect.
Mr. Barimah explained that he had not taken political action to support his question.
Meanwhile, when we are faced with our decision as a country, we need to know the cost of our national Hartered flights, and we need to know the steps we will take toward them and to do so, we need to know what has been happening from the past.
Do you have a leader? If so, how did they react? If so, what has been planned for the President’s travels? That is why I am not doing some political work.
He added, “I want us to discuss these issues and to know how to plan ahead. Today it can be my turn of action, but tomorrow it can be the turn of another government. So if we don’t accept information on these issues, we will always get into this problem.”
Ablakwa's concern
The foreigner of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa, has also asked the MP to explain to the government why President Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo Addo, on his way to France shortly, has not set off on a national transportation plane.
A member of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) MP for North Twei said it is ashamed that Ghana has a successful President’s plane but that when the President travels, it takes on a new plane.
The President’s move, according to him, costs GHS million in Ghana.
The Bono East Regional Minister, Mr Kwasi Adu-Gan, has praised the NPP and NDC leadership for promoting peace between them
he added it is a shock to me that the NPP and NDC leadership are united in support of the development of the region.
Mr. Adu-Gyan further acknowledged that peace contributes to the development of all communities and that when there is peace in the region, there is a lot of conflict.
The Regional Minister made the statement at the end of the Teohiman exercise.
The leadership of the initiative included the NPP and NDC leadership, representatives of traditional authorities, security agencies, elections to the National Commission or Civic Education, and the National Commission or Civic Education.
The National Peace Council held the Commonwealth Secretariat with the headline “Countering Post election Violence, and Building Consensus for Greater Political Tolerance in Ghana.”
All the information presented was based on elective arguments and on different ways to counteract the strike.
Mr. Adu-Gyan said Ghanaians are proud of being the Global Peace Index to announce that when it comes to peace, Ghana and the second country in Africa, he also commended the NPP and NDC for supporting the peace of the country.
He added that this was an integral part of the efforts of the chiefs, the party, the government, the President, the Parliament, and the media to help the country gain it.
he assured the Regional oordinating Council that it will help to preserve this peace forever.
Speaking at the Electoral Justice agenda, Alhae Suallahallah” when the Chief Secretary of the Bono Regional Peace Council announced that through Electoral Justice, political stability in the country has been achieved.
According to him, the Electoral Justice shouldn’t have to do other things, but shouldn’t have to do so if the state is to be a leader in elections and politics.
Alhaji Quandah emphasized the need for each nation to have the Electoral Justice, which will enable them to make their elections more specific.
The Abuakwa South MP, Samuel Atta Akyea, has assured Ghanaians that Ghanaians’ problems will be solved on the seventh day of Nana Addo’s government in 2021.
he says the government of Nana Addo will make the economy better because it has already established a budget to restructure the economy.
Speaking to Asiakwa SOS in the East Akim District of the Western Region, Atta Akyea announced the beginning of a new era in Ghana where citizens will be better off economically and economically
he added that the appointed President, Nana Addo, is ready to handle every department work and will do a fine work.
Among other things, she donated seven pounds of rice, oils, salt, sugar, milk, wine, and money.
Three of the brothers who fell asleep in their mother's hand-selling place in Harmona-Nsuta, in the Tamwa-Nsua District in the Eastern Region, have been found dead
Three of them died as a result of the withdrawal of the generator.
The Inspector General, George Sakyi of the ICTwa-Nsuta station, that the boy was summoned to have three children dead at a drinking place.
he describes the arrival of the deceased, Abena Amos, Arabi Dadzi, 13 and Akaba Dadzi, 7 at the Tamwa government hospital, waiting for information on their death.
Speaking to Starr’s reporter Emmanuel Ohene Gyan, Mr. Sekyi explained that the deceased lived with their mother at the head of Golden CityKithen in the Tamwa Nsuem District.
he says they decided to sleep with their mother after they helped their mother to work with her
As a result of the day’s floodwaters, Madam Dadzi picked up the generator for his children to be lights. The next day, while he was in the shop, he realized that his children were dead.
The other victim, who has been severely beaten, is receiving medical attention. The police are investigating the incident.
The flag instructor for the National Democratic Congress ( NDCO, John Mahama, has announced that as a champion in the election, he will persecute the Chief Executive Officer of Menzgold, Nana Appiah Mensah, who is widely known as the Nam for paying the public’s money.
Speaking at Tamwa-Nsuaem in the Eastern region, Mr. Mahama said he was amazed that Akufo Addo, despite confiscating the property of the citizenry, focused his attention on the people.
he added, what is in NAM that makes it so special that Akufo Addo is protecting him? Why are the police being picked up on the stall when Nam-1 is going on free.
he assured that his government would do well to investigate Nam and its officials in order to collect money from the citizenry.
Chief Justice Ellen Asamoah of Menzgold, Namoah, has complained that the Accra Circuit was hearing the case on the first day of April, 2021.
The country had already filed a complaint against Nam in Kotonimaa in the second and twenty years of the Accra Circuit.
The chief Justice, Sylvester Asare, told the court that his mandate was to introduce a new complaint with the deceit of Nam before hearing it.
At the funeral, ASP Asare appeared before the court and was advised to heed the direction on the matter.
The prosecution was pleaded to settle the matter, deliberately accompany the prosecutor to prepare for the incident.
he added paying attention to the counsel should be given to the accused and preparing the accused.
However, the prosecution prosecutor on Monday appealed for another day to be held in court
The accused nam appeared before court
On Wednesday, May 26, 2021, the Accra Circuit cut the Nam bail GHS billion.
he added that he is not guilty of the three charges that the government has filed against him, and that is how the charges will be refined.
He also has to appear before the police every Wednesday, at 10am.
The first allegations included robberies, false witnessing, illegal business, illegal jewelry, and money laundering.
Also, the total funding of the mining facilities was about GHS billion.
The misuse of Okada is almost a problem
The police also claim that many robberies, accidents, and traffic unlawfulness are motorists
There is no doubt that the fast-moving end of the day is causing problems and that they must have a measure of control
There are a lot of times we have to add to our dreadful state of affairs.
One of the problems the country is now facing is how to reduce the use of motorbikes and okada
Meanwhile, the House of Parliament adopted the 2012 Road Traffio Regulations (L.I.2180), which will regulate the circulatory affairs of the country.
The Constitution stipulated that motorbikes were not permitted to be passed on to the public unless they were used in theourier or delivery Services. It was then mandated that the motorbikes were not licensed to be used for the public.
The Okada and Pragya are outnumbering the country despite its legislation by the Parliament.
When you go to the rural areas, the kada and Pragya are used for caterpillars, a variety of whiskers and girls.
The inhabitants of the capital take okada and Pragya in order to escape from traffic.
Since it is expensive, it is about half as valuable as it is
Pragya and okada flee to court on the day of the day.
But most people disliked Okada and Pragya as a result of their noise and violence in their roads.
The accidents caused by the pandemic are a matter of concern
Several agencies, including the Ghana Medical association and National Road Safety Authority, have called for payments on the national curfew.
The country is in a state of despair.
This is because despite the regulations to pay off the number, it has become a source of relief to Ghanaians in general
For us here at Daily Graphic, what we think the country will see the law again, we look forward to positive ways in which this exercise can be carried out.
In India, Pragya is the main tourist in the country but we haven't heard anything about it, like what we live in Ghana.
So, what can we learn from India that we can bring about?
We need to keep in mind that because of the difficulty of work, the okada and Pragya are recruited as a source of work to support themselves and their family.
Now, according to the Daily Graphic, we are trained and engaged in programs that will help the nation to continue.
In the enforcement of the licensing regulation, measures were made to ensure that drivers were subjected to accidents
If the policy is put in place, it will help to enable the Ghanaian Police to enforce the laws, thus assisting in the arrest of the impunity of okada and Pragya
On more than one occasion, many Ghanaians have questioned the importance of the rule of this law.
The Daily Graphic believes that if we want to be governed by law and order in our ways and in our dealings, we need to peer into our hearts and see the problem once or for all time.
I can't remember ever that last Friday, Green Ghana, I've always been excited.
It was the day when we all went in and out of the house to go to a tree.
I came to Ghana two decades ago and realized that what is happening in our country, what is happening in our geotechnical literature, is the opposite. It has become a successful career in protecting our pollution of land.
Five million fruits, which were provided by the Ministry of Agriculture and Agriculture, were produced with interest, some of which have not been produced over a period of time.
Ghanaians will see that one of the most important things we need to look at all else is our indigenous region, Ghana.
Even more important than road transportation, abandoned schools, bedless hospitals or schoolchildren’s lack of technology, I am declaring that one of the most critical of all cases of disease, however, is our environment, the loss of land and forest, and the debris of water, as early as September, May, when it is still hot and dry.
I have not looked at a book on landscapes that students are studying in schools, but I can say that Ghana’s language was different from that of today when I went to school.
We continue to talk about too many forests, but the fact is that our reserves are not as pure as they are.
We continue to talk about forest animals, but they are all in the same category.
Many forests and animals have become part of our language, but they are very different.
Even what we thought was a forest that we didn't touch with our hands, we have taken out all our jewelry and gold.
Per our honesty