When these six were arrested, the prosecutor claimed that they received six guns and gold GH¢1,292, 180 ; a dustlike object thought to be gold dust ; a palm tree ( a bar of gold thought to be a palm tree and a water thought to be mercury )
In Kyebi of the East State, a man who is thought to be a thief with a backdrop in his arms has escaped from a hired police force.
Starr News informs Kyebi that a group from Anti Armed Robbery and Personnel of CID found the suspect ( suspect ) Ebenezer Gyimah, commonly known as peace, on the fourteenth of the second millennium and twenty-eighth of the 20th century ; it is claimed to have committed a number of thieves in the cities of the Abuakua North and South.
The hippo fled as a backdrop led to Kyebi Zongo for investigation.
On the second and twenty-fiveth anniversary of the 20th and twenty-fiveth anniversary of the 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20th 20
He tried to escape, and the police broke his leg ; hence, he was unable to escape.
He was taken to Kyebi government hospital, where he was being protected by police.
These two individuals are thought to be among the robbers who are tormenting the inhabitants of Kibi, Akyem Tafo, Osiem, Anypar, as well as the cities around them.
During the course of three months, there were at least ten thieves in these two large cities.
On the sixth day of the Ayah ’ s hurricane of the second millennium and the twenty-two millennium (202 ), a woman lost her long life, being shot by the thieves on the road to Akyem Ettukrom and bunso, at Koforidua to bunso Hae (Highway )
Within hours of this event, these two suspension boxes,, Haruna Amadu ( twentieth-five years old ) and Joseph Nyira ( twentieth-five years old ), were released.
Two illegally executed guns, a knife, were found, and areereereereereereereereereereereereereeree-size (bag ) beams were found that belonged to a student and that belonged to a student ’ s two-size ( two-size ) beams ( two-size ) beams ( two-size ) beams ( two-size ) beams ( two-size ) beams.
On the twentieth-fourth day, one man was shot in this same fireplace while thieves attacked people on the road to Koforidua-Amy Kukurantumi in the East.
At about 430 p.m., the thieves set out on Barfuor Courtyard, near the streets of Sorkode Dwaso ; where the police stationed them.
One of the thieves claimed to have robbed about twenty yards and had robbed their victims of their belongings and earned about $ 50,000.
Early in the evening, at 8 : 00 p.m., pirates stealed at inns and benches (petrol in the Southern Kukurantumi, where they were shooting ; on the twenty-eighth day of Wukuada, Oforisuo ; and on the barracks of the inns, the gates were destroyed ; and on the gas pollution site, they picked up GH¢137.00.
The security officer ’ s gun was also used to slay the wall when the thieves came to the site and fled.
No more tragedy struck.
The Apolos received a seven-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square-square
The thieves escaped in a black chain ( saloon ).
Thirty-two-year-old Nuhu Yashawa lost her life in the wild.
Two thousand and twenty-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six-six
The thieves had to flee in an uncertain amount of money, which they thought was the money they had earned from all the night ’ s work.
The thieves also picked up the Motorola furnace of Adamu Zakari, a barber in the area ; he was thirty (30) years old
In the area where this incident took place, the police carried out a number of sparrows that had nothing to do with.
For instance, Rev. John Ntim Fordéour, assistant secretary-general of the Ministry of Education and secretary-general of the Assin South parliament, calls teachers concerned about their social gatherings.
He claims that it has been arranged to have the Teacher Welfare App sealed for the smokers.
The deputy minister of education claims that teachers ’ social gatherings are important to the government and promises to solve any problems involving the education of teachers, including financial and social gatherings.
In an effort to solve the problem that teachers are facing,, Rev. Fordéour claims that they have sent a keese ( a host of manigya ) to go to each region to solve the problems that teachers are facing for relief.
This app, launched by the Ministry of Education, Dr. Yaw Osei Adoptive, is said to help solve the many problems that teachers face.
John Ntim Fordéour, who spoke to the publishers on the ninth birthday of the Ghana National Association of Teachers ( GNATAT ), recommended that they exercise faith in the government to solve their problems.
They also use this assembly to teach their views on money, with the headline “ Beyond Teachers ’ Fund ; Making the Teacher Eonomyally Sound”.
He reprimanded the GNAT authorities and the farmers for supporting the development of the country ’ s teachers and for emphasizing that the government would solve the problems facing teachers.
He promised the GNAT to establish a number of strategies for expansion, organized the GNAT to have a large share in the Unique Insurance and the Swedish Medical Centre, and organized the GNAT to participate in the witness work and to build houses for its farmers.
The Rev. Ntim Fordjour promised teachers that each department of education would provide teachers with 280,000 computers to get through the debt so that they could do their work better.
He asked all the teachers in the country to join the educational center to help improve their education.
Halfive-year-old feki ( fake ) doctor and his three-and-a-half-year-old daughter have been handed over by the Central Regional Police at Assin Adedeamtem in the province of Assin South, in the Middle East.
Conversing with Yaw Boagyan of EIB Network, a publisher of the EIB Network, Yaw Boagyan announced that the district assistant police officer, PRO Sgt. Evans Isao Entie claims that a group of people from theomplaints and Investigative unit of the Ghana Medicalne Dental Council of Accra and the police officers in Assin Adadientem presented a fifty-six-year-old Samuel Odartei as a self-deceiver who calls himself a surgeon for some nine years at his home in the Assyrians.
When the policemen arrived, his thirty-six-year-old daughter, Alberta Lanuekor, was exhausted, stopping one, and others were now on the scene to care for them.
The two were divided into police officers ; they were equipped with machinery and chemotherapy.
This false surgeon was identified by a study by Jer Boagyan, a publisher in the Central EIB Network region.
It is said that many unlawful abortions were aborted and that some people lost their lives.
Both of these individuals have professional police officers who are helping to keep the search going.
On Thursday, the twenty-fiveth day of the Cold War, four people in the large towns of Oforikrom, in the province of Asante, have drowned in heavy flooding.
The Assembly member ) of the Bomso circuit, the Isaaa Appiah, announced that this event, in fact, meant that on the Fifth day, he had ordered people to search for the lost people.
Kumasi,, the capital of the province of Asante, has been hit by a tremendous downpour that has destroyed an inheritance of about a million dollars.
The song of Kumasi Kejetia also played a role in the floodwaters of Wukuada, and the floodwaters flooded and produced many bees.
Kumasi me (mayor, Osei Asibey Antwi is resting because of his illness, namely, that the Starr FM proclaimers in the province of Asante, Isaaea Justice Bediako, as the KMA textile group, will meet to reflect on the disaster in Kumasi.
I have never seen anything like a flood in Kumasi, but I have never seen anything like a flood in Kumasi.
He added that at the end of the assembly, when the, thirst would encamp in these flooded areas, he had anticipated how the parrot fish would be able to help the afflicted and how the parrot fish would navigate.
Inhabitants of the great cities of Ephia-Kwesimim and the capital city of Sekondi Takoradi are frightened and robbed of their barracks.
It was announced that two of the three thieves were divided in the suburbs of Tanokrom,, in the city of Ephia-Kwesim, where these motorcyclists rushed into an unnamed ‘ Nyame is a love ’ dining room.
Unable to survive, they were loaded down to the Takoradi Mall, where one man managed to escape with his garbage.
The neighbors gracefully grabbed the thieves before handing them into the hands of police officers. The woman who had completed was successful because she had access to her badge containing everything.
During the past week, SSNIT dwellers were unable to sleep because some private people used a motorcycle to demonstrate their motility during the day.
In addition, TV camera gave three motorcyclists a chance to enter a drinking shop or Westline in the capital of Sekondi-Takoradi. Prince Kojo Arthur, an ambassador to the Amanful West and also the president of the Takoradi battle line for the government of the New Patriotic Party, claimed that these mothers were struggling with their way of life.
He claims that there was no answer from the police in spite of reports of wrongdoing on the part of this mothman.
Nelson Roland, a burglar who had been robbed of his belongings, announced that a motorcycle had been hit by a motorcycle in a bindery and that he had to go out to see the damage done to his belongings and that he had taken his Iphone 12 and a valuable belonging to his belongings, using about two bindery.
The Koforidua the Great, who had saved their money from Fanteakwa Rural Bank, placed a new bank bill on their unreliable money.
These merchants have appealed to the president of the Aku-Addo and the president of the legislature, Alban Bagbin and the Bank of Ghana to help with their money.
Fanteakwa Rural Bank, a fence belonging to Fanteakwa North, was founded in two thousand years but disappeared in two and a half thousand years.
The headquarters of this central bank is in Begoro and is located in Koforidua, Osiem, Suhum, electricity and elsewhere in the province.
It is thought that about a thousand people kept their savings in this bank.
Most of the survivors are farmers, vinedressers, clergymen, clergymen, miners, and brothels.
Their surviving coins have caused some to fall asleep in death, while the business of the consumer industry has disappeared.
A large percentage of the victims have been bankrupted in this bank account, with an amount of about $ 500,500 to $ 27,000.
Prior to the 2016 marks, the money marks presented a number of demonstrations designed to set fire on these legal marks to provide funds, and most of the money was obtained.
Nearly two thirds of their money marks, conversing with reporters at Koforidua, reproved this parliamentary party for failing to organize the streets to pay their bills.
They claimed that they did everything they could to get their money but that it didn ’ t work.
Speaking to the reporters, Elizabeth Amoah, a businessman, announced that this parliamentary promise ended in the year 2020 and that she would pay them the money but that she would not pay it if she was called an old one.
He declared : “ When I went to Begoro to get his money for the bull for the year 2020, the chairman ’ s helmet promised him that if the bull was finished, he would give him his money. Sadly, after the election, the chairman ’ s victory, I summoned the chairman for the day ”
He added, “ How could I be fooled by this parliament to receive the gathering of 12,000,000 copies of me? I ’ m organizing the president, Akui-Addo, and the president-general, to talk to the Amankwah Asiamah and give me money, or we ’ ll summon to the House and the bank to save our money? ”
Another victim, who has lost much of his money, says, “ begging the president of the Akufo Addo and the deputy president,, Alban Bagbin, to act decisively on this issue, and I am the NPP brother who treats us very badly. ”
The accompanying merchants laid down their bowels ; some because of the marriages in which they passed through their remaining coins.
This issue was silenced by the Fanteakwa North senator, the head of the Central Bank of the Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republic.
On the contrary, he had already stated that it was not true that he had invested the money that had been deposited in the bank and that he had invested the silver coins of Grandparents in comparison with the 2012 coins that had caused the bank to lose.
According to this constitution, it is not true that the bank gave a thousand debts that the bank claimed to pay for most of them.
Adam Mutawkilu, a member of the law-enforcement agency for metal and electrical starvation, appealed to the prosecutor for $ 170,000,000 ; he claims to win if preached in Ghana.
He claims that the head of the government does not try to win the case.
At the Morning Star, Francis Abban was quoted as saying : “ We watched and saw that it had won all that it had to do and that it had won all that it had to do and that it had won all that it had to do and that it had not been necessary for the government to cancel it. ”
The prime minister has applied all the charges to Mahama ’ s political office.
The beginning of the Trial
The International Court of Arbitration ordered the Ghanaian government to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 compensation for the cut of the giraffe, which was located at the Gux limit.
The government of the NPP stated that the country did not need this power system.
The ruling issued by the International Court of Arbitration ordered the Ghanaian government to pay $134,348,661 each month from the tenth month to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,877/74 to the GPGC for the trial debt, and $3,000,000 to the GPGC for the debt of their drivers and witnesses, with a total of $3,309,877.7 4.
Inhabitants of the district of Ajumako Ochioso in the Middle East are delighted with the abundance of fish coming into the Oohhi basin, where they had access to drinking water.
The city ’ s inhabitants believe that this was a blessing from their forefathers.
The local authorities gave permission for residents to take some fish home.
They, along with Yaw Boagyan, a Kasapa FM proclaimer, and Wofa Jerry Dew, who worked along the banks of the river, claimed that something similar had never happened before and that he believed was a blessing to the region.
He predicted that some fish would be sold in the marketplace. “ As soon as the fish came into the riverbanks, I picked up the twentieth-growing business of the fishing industry in Mankessin and the Song of Kasoa ”
“ I ’ m tired of understanding because something like this has never happened in the United States region ”
The local residents then petitioned a fish-and-water department to help them get their pockets to the market.
One neighbor said, “ Since we have no work in the United Kingdom area, this will help us to get a job and to support our children at school and at home, asking the elders to come and help us deal with the work problems we are facing in the United States. ”
Asembele ’ s daughters in Ajumako Ochioso, southwest, Maxwell mensah petitioned the water department and the government to assist the neighbors and to obtain equipment to help them catch fish in the river so that the youths could find work.
The director of the Institute of Energy Security, Nana Amoasi VII, has expressed his opinion to prime minister, Godfred Dame,, who claims that he has failed to do his work for the government of Ghana and will pay $ 170,000,000 to the Power Generation of the United States.
Conversing at the Morning Starr office on Thursday,, Nana Amoasi VII announced that the chancellor would inform the Ghanaian people of his refusal to return for $ 170,000,000.
“ We had the right to go straight to this matter but to use COVID-19 as an excuse to defend ourselves against the failure of the ambassador to do what he had to do. ”
Using these statements, he appealed to the U.S. Department of Human Rights ( U.S.A. ) to the government of Ghana for $ 170,000,000,000 to pay to the Ghana Power Generation companyno.
London alleged that the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law ( UNCITRAL ) Tribunal was ignored by the government of Ghana.
He executed his sentence on the eighth day of Wednesday, when he ordered the government of Ghana to pay off the money because of its weaknesses.
The government ’ s officials, Godfred Dame, claimed that the 2020 COVID-19 had also caused the delay in London to dismiss these claims.
In this article, Charles Kimmins Qɔ and Mark Tushingham, agronomists for GPGo, point out that the Ghanaian government had been arrested before the attack.
In addition to the Omnia Strategy, the government of Ghana used the Khawar Qureshi Qɔ at Serle and Volteraa Fietta and the Threerowns and the Kimathi & Partners and FTI onsulting.
Ghana sent a delegation from the government official, akakye, and Amofa & Partners in the Nkran.
The head of the trial, John Beeohey,, judge of the Internationalriminal Court of Arbitration, and Prof Albert Fiadouoe, a Ghanaian professor, authorized the Ghanaian government to pay $ 170,000,000, free of charge.
The $ 13 4.35 million was to cut the circle, with 6 9.36 million to cut the circle quickly, 58.49 million to pay 6.46 million, and 32,448 million to be saved.
The catastrophe also cost the government of Ghana $ 6 14,353.86 for the trial and the $ three million for the debt of GPGra for the court and for the trial.
The article concluded that the monarch ’ s supposed cutting of the giraffe had no valid basis for claiming that the cutting of the giraffe cost only $18,000,000.
At the instigation of the bullying, they drove across the giraffe, claiming that the basis for crossing the giraffe indicated that Gandros had the passports issued by the Kpone-Boramans, a circuit assembly, to take possession of the Blue OOean land on the tenth day of 2017.
The bullet answered that the Ghanaian government had found no evidence, including the Energy Commission Act, to ensure the accuracy of the cycle.
The article stated, “ Dr. Ahenkorah ( chief secretary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of the emissary of
According to the British law, the governments have twenty-eight days to appear before the executed judgment, and they have nothing to do with it until it is three days before the executed judgment.
For example, Omnia Strategy, a British law firm, requested a fifty-six-day period, twice as long as possible.
For example, during the eighth day of the 20th century B.C.E., the headquarters of the British law firm, Volteraa Fietta, had been informed of the government ’ s obligation to sign the first day of the 20th century B.C.E. During this time, the British law enforcement agency, Volteraa Fietta, had been informed of the government ’ s obligation to sign it.
This legal entity, signed as a trust agreement with all the countries of the world, explained that on the fifth day of the ten-day succession of prime minister,, Godfred Yeboah Dame, the government ordered the ban to be signed.
Its judgment is being proclaimed on the eighth day of the Sun, 2021, according to a list of misunderstandings and misunderstandings.
The hunter, Justice Butoher, hesitated.
According to the Global Arbitration Review, the tsetse fisherman claims that the tsetse fisherman is a tsetse fisherman and that the tsetse fisherman is a tsetse fisherman and that the tsetse fisherman starts for thirty-eight days and then twenty-seven days after the first atom.
He argued that the golden drachma in the trial would not permit him to pass on as it had happened to him.
He added that it had to do with the fact that on the fifth day of his pregnancy, the government would be permitted to use the appointed time.
The beginning of the Trial
The International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 compensation for the cut of the giraffe, which was located at the Gux limit.
The government of the NPP stated that the country did not need this power system.
The ruling issued by the International Court of Arbitration ordered the Ghanaian government to pay $134,348,661 each month from the tenth month to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018 to the year 2018.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,877/74 to GPGC for the debt of the trial, and $3,000,000 for the debt of their owners and witnesses, all of which fell to $3,309,877.7 4.
It has been announced that a small child in Sawaba has been caught by a heavy flood in Kumasi, Asante, the state capital.
This young child was traveling with his parents, living in pragia, which was overthrown by the floodwaters.
It is said that the neighbors bought the water and took the parents away but failed to see the child because the water had taken him away.
Francis Abban, a member of the community in Morning Star Thursday, said, “ They have not seen the body of the young child who had been drowned by the floodwaters, and they have not experienced the loss of a yearly child ’ s life because of the floodwaters on the road to Sawaba. ”
Others proclaimed that the, kaa, which was to bring the headman Aku-Addo from the North Eastern Province, was also mentioned in the floodwaters.
Iddrisu Adams, commonly known as Koomi, was arrested by the Ashanti district police for theft and was shot while he was fleeing for a long time.
This suspect was among the prospective victims of the police and was delivered on the twentieth day of the Black Death, 1961, while the policemen were in a hurricane.
On the twentieth-third day of 2018,, was sent to a police station where she claimed to have her fellow thieves, and the police shot her in order to prevent her from escaping.
He was taken to St. Martins ’ hospital, where he left.
The police have announced that they are searching for his fellow thieves and are admonished to go out to the victims of any kind of bullying nearby.
The police promised the public that they would do all they could to combat theft and ask the public for help.
The minister of state security, Albert Kan Dapaah, explains why he has dismissed the district security commissioner, DCOP Opare-Addo.
Former Dapaah suggests that they did everything they had to do to get rid of these security officers ; they did just what they had to do.
The security agent who had been disfellowshipped appeared before the Star News that the Delta Forward, a group of NPP, violated his rights because he refused to do what was expected of him in the region.
In a conversation with the South Dayi parliamentary chancellor, Roo Jackson-Nelson Daveamekpo, the prime minister of state security stated that the work was done by civilian agents.
On the contrary, it did not give a headline of the expulsion of Mr. Opare-Addo, indicating the need for a forceful expulsion.
During the fifth hour of 2018 ( the firstfruits of 2018 ), Opare-Addo had signed his three-year concordance as a district security commissioner for the period and two-year concordance that began.
“ On the contrary, during the tenth and ninth decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the decade of the
Mr. Dapaah also explained that, “ because she refused to leave her assignment, the new district security agent who had arrived was unable to do her work ; hence, during the fifth month and the tenth day of 2025, security officers were sent to the district of Asante to find out why the DCOP Opare-Addo was not obligated to leave her bedside, and if necessary, to place a new bedside in the office.
He added : “ Down to this day the DCOP Opare-Addo has not presented anything to the public security commissioners or to my motorcycle as a victim ; nor has the state security commissioners heard anything from the police that he has brought a legal case to them ”
If the DCOP Opare-Addo uses the right method to inflict a complaint on any human, I am willing to do research on this subject.
The elderly chief of the British Haekisa in Ghana,, Iain Walker and the EIB Network brother-in-law,, Nathan Kwabena Adisi, commonly known as Bola Ray, went to the woods on Wednesday at the outskirts of Nkran, accompanied by the King Promise.
The goal of the cassava, entitled “ Taste Ghana ” headed by Bola Ray, was to invite the British Haek Foods to partake of Ghana ’ s varieties. The Waakiye pineapple was founded at the famous palm tree market in Accra New Town and completed at the palm tree market in Nima.
Twenty-seven bullets were obtained by police officers in the province of Adere, in the Orient, from a sand mine.
The government authorities announced that on the twenty-first day of the Cold War, it was uncovered that individuals were grabbing sand in the vicinity of Okaikrom, not far from Adeiso.
The police went to the area and found a series of headaches and two peelings to pull sand.
The headache workers and the peelodressers fled when they saw the police coming and the policemen tried to rescue the Klutse Kofi, whose pearls were GE 7191-19.
Four and eighty-eight rifles are found in the chest while searching through the chest.
In front of the Starr news, the Eastern district police confiscated that this person had indeed been arrested.
He announced that he had been killed as the victim of a gun belonging to the Sammertide unstruotion and the Sand Winning company.
He claims that such a man and his weapons were shipped to the police force.
This occurred at the time of the crossing of the sandy field.
At about two o ’ clock in the afternoon, the tenth-fiveth day of the Black Death of 2025, when the thieves, who lived in three buckles and eight buckles with NS 9835-19 numbers, saved Osae Kwame ( the first man to report from his farm to buy food to his workers at the burrow ; the handcuff was handcuffed to one of the buckles, and he was sent to the village of tankeka, one of the neighbors.
On hearing this news, the police rushed to the village to rescue him, but the victims fled to the Summertide companytu sandyard in the village of Obeng Yaw, near the Governing Body, firing guns.
The second victim of the bullet-threatening squad,, Alhassan Zakari, was struck by a gunshot.
Five people were scandalized in that area, all loaded into a suitcase and taken to an unknown location.
The site announced that it was only a few months later that he noticed that his GH¢96,000 had been taken while he was being shot.
The Kyebi police saved these five victims.
At four o ’ clock in the afternoon, these individuals were arrested by the State police.
Annas Barfuor Sarpong, who claimed to be a national security officer, was searched by the police, and an AK47 was found with three kinds of firearms and spectators.
The firing Alhassan Zakaria and the Bright Testament were taken to the Oriental district hospital in Koforidua.
Now this is true of the East district of CID.
The victims are given beele.
Five victims, including the supposed security officer of the King of Akyem, were attacked by the Koforidua Same, with no signature from two criminals.
The accusers were Grandpa Barfuor Sarpong, Grandpa Twum Tarbiade II, all of whom were kings of the Praetorian Guard.
These include onathan Martey, Eric Yaw Boateng, Viomtor ’ s Koranteng and others.
They were placed before them on the tenth and ninth-ninth day of the Black Death, when they received seven different charges : kidnapping, kidnapping, and thievery.
His trial has taken place on the tenth and ninth day of 2025.
The prosecutor ’ s office, Cyril Boateng Keteku, assistant secretary-general of the government, appealed to him that, Osae Kwame ( fifty-five years old and Alhassan Zakari ( all three decades old who had been harassed by these individuals were farmers.
Third, Samuel Astu Forson, chief of the Summertide Sand Winning arch, is the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief.
He announced that the accuser, Nana Baffuor Sarpong, a so-called secretary of state security, sought to be a teacher and a staff worker.
The second is Grandpa Brother Twum Tabirade, the king of the Praetorian Empire, and the third is grandmother Martey, the successor of Grandpa Barfuor, Eric Yaw Obeng, the helper of Grandpa Barfuor, and the fifth-five-five-five-five-five-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest-highest.
The others have fled.
The government has planned to build a baraks for the worsening safety of the Burkina who is harassing the Ghanaian population in Bawku.
Secretary-general Akufo-Addo presented these words to the young man who was targeted by various security forces for the thieves from the Burkina department.
He proclaimed these words while in need of Bawku Naba as he brought his corruption to the end in the province of the North East.
As far as Burkina Faso is, you are being harassed by these conspirators, who want to bring trouble and news to Ghana.
“ Mr. Naba,, ” he continued, “ is familiar with government-sponsored programs designed to improve the safety of these visitors from Burkina Faso.
“ I ’ m glad to put it before you to build an army camp in this area to help deal with the tragedy ”
Asigri Abugrago Azoka II, the Bawku Naba and also the president of the Kusaug dynasty, declared that both the kings and the people of the Kusaug region and the inhabitants of Ghana are grateful for the arrangement made by the president of Ghana, Nana Addo Dankwah Aku-Addo.
announcing the victory of the siege, the president of Akufo-Addo, who had been entrusted with the fate of the country for the next four years,, Bawku Naba, before the president, stated : “ It is because of your hard work that you have won this siege. I pray that God will bless you with wisdom and strength so that you can bring your plans to perfection.
A survey conducted by Child Rights International revealed that among the 11,288 children between the ages of two and seven, 50 percent wanted to leave the country and go abroad to get a better job.
One tenth of the population declared that they did not know whether to live or to leave the country.
Fifty-five percent of those with whom they were contacted claimed to be in a foreign country ; a tenth-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-
According to a study on whether the country ’ s future is better or not, “ 80 percent of the publishers say that the country has been injured for the next two decades, about 20 percent of the publishers say that they are not fully informed about the future of the country ; and in cases of education and employment, the survey says : “ About half the children say that the country is in the future ; 47 percent say that they don ’ t realize how much the schooling will help them. ”
A group of youths in the province of Asante ruled to organize the Lighthouse hapel International resurrection in the province by commenting on Bishop Dag Heward-Mills, the head of the church, about the Archbishop, Osei Tutu, while preaching Religion.
His previous proclamation of the Word of God was extending the hatred of new generations ; it was questioning the impact of the great kings on those in the community.
According to these youths, this famous evangelist has despised the Sovereign and has to do something far greater than an apologetic.
“ We have given the bishop Dag Heward two hours to apologize, ” proclaimed Kwabena Frimpong, secretary-general of the Republic, “ to compare all his churches in the Republic, and to warn those who use religious and political excuses to criticize the Republic and the Sovereign Osei Tutu. ”
Archbishop Dag Heward Mills has apologized.
In his apology, the evangelizer declared,, “ I ’ m sorry that it was my twentieth-century public declaration that some individuals who said they would do anything to dismiss our church in Kumasi.
“ I ’ ll visit my grandmother Osei Tutu II and say good-bye to the Almighty Granddaughter Osei Tutu II for all kinds of demeanor and trouble. ”
The National Democratic Congress has appealed to the chief justices, Kwasi Anin-Yeboah to the headline he had placed before the General Legal Council regarding the attorney Dominic Ayine. This headline is said to violate Dominic Ayine ’ s freedom of speech.
Dr. Ayine announced that a pear-shaped policy was not used when preaching and that he did not understand that the pear-shaped print was dismissed.
These articles were presented at the facilities organized by Centre for Democratic Development ( CDD ) and KNUST.
The chief justices gave the GLC permission to call this parliamentary order and to answer the statements made and to punish him if there is any punishment.
He was conversing with the journalists on Monday, when the president of the NDC,, Johnson Asiedu Nketia, appealed to a high-ranking judge to revoke his charges against the Bolgatanga East parliament.
Mr. Asiedu Netsia, commonly known as General Mosquito, proclaimed, “ Although the citizens themselves believe in governmental law, they are not obligatory. How often have you heard calling out my judgment, but I am warning you not to mention it? ”
He added : “ It is equally unrealistic to think that the laws of the government are more important than reproof, that our laws and principles protect the rights of the government, not just one judge, but the very idea that it is impossible to reprove the government for something to do is an unrealistic deception. ”
Mr. Asiedu Nketia also issued a complaint against the highest judge, charging that the NDC guards had been targeted and had ordered him to stop doing so.
Not surprisingly, the chief justices, Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah, have all sides with the NDC, whereas the chief justices, Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah, have been charged with punishment for hunger. ”
Ghanaman is second in Abibiman as a peaceful country when Mauritius takes the lead in announcing the 320 Global peace Index, published by the Institute for Economics and peace.
According to the Global Peace Index, this method is used to estimate the stability of one hundred and sixty-three countries, and it is a well-thought-out research that has continued down to this day in the fields of peace and economic security and in the fields of peace.
A survey of one hundred and sixty thirds of the world ’ s population reveals that Ghana had an increase of eighty-thirds.
The world ’ s earliest Mauritius in Abibiman was twenty-six, while the third in Botswana in Abibiman was forty-six, while the world ’ s largest in Nigeria was Togo, Uganda, Kenya, ReP Public of theongo and Cameroon respectively.
The Ieland continues to be the world ’ s first peaceful country, starting with 2008, New Zealand, Denmark, Portugal and Slovenia.
Following them are Yemen, Syria, South Sudan, and Iraq, according to the Global peace Index 202, Afghanistan is the world ’ s lowest peacemaker, Burkina Faso.
Studies indicate that there are, riots in various countries of Sub-Saharan Africa, with six percent of Namibia ’ s largest riots at peace rate.
South Sudan is still the most peaceful country in that region and, as a whole, is one of the peacemakers despite being restrained in a peaceful way.
Burkina Faso,, one of the lowest peacemakers in the area, is the most influential country in the world.
According to the study, the number of deaths caused by Coronavirus increased by ten percent, with 14,871 demonstrates worldwide during the year 2020.
The study revealed that,ovid caused both political and social uncertainty ; this, in turn, would have an impact on the economy for the better or for the worse ; the economy of the less economically stable and more peaceful nations would be much worse than the economy of the nations.
In spite of this, three thirds of the world ’ s population are now better off than they were five years ago. There has been a dramatic change in the most violent areas, and the killing rate in one hundred and twenty-thirds of countries has dropped dramatically since 2008.
The 2001 Global Peace Index also reveals that there is “ a global peacekeeping rate of 0. 0.27 % despite its accuracy and nine decades of global peace. ”
According to the Middle East and North Africa, “ the last year was marked by a period of peace between seven hundred and seven hundred and three hundred nations, and three hundred and seven hundred nations, where nothing was changed ; Middle East and North Africa were still peace-free ; three hundred and a half of the world ’ s peace-free nations, where peace gates were established.
Eight of the ten most peaceful nations in the world are now living in Europe, where there are no other countries in Europe ’ s lower line of teaching. ”
The president of the country,, Nana Addo Dankwa Aku-Addo, has called the people of Ghana to be assured that their social situation will not be settled in his government.
He predicted that during the next four years, the Ghanaian society would be filled with uncertainty.
“ My greatest concern is that the next four years will give us a glimpse of life in every Ghana. ”
Mr. Akufo-Addo, governor of Imo State, Nigeria ’ s Owelle Roohas Anayo Okoroha, was attracted to the discussion on Monday, adding : “ Over the past three or four years, the economic situation in Ghana has decreased, and we believe that if we are self-disciplined, hardworking, and well-organized, we will push the country ’ s wealth back into harmony with it. ”
The president of Nigeria, who disfellowshipped the chairman, John Drami Mahama, in a three-foot strike in Nigeria, will invite a conversation with the Nigerian president, Muhammudu Buhari.
President Akufo Addo also promised the governor of the Imo State that the close bond between Ghana and Nigeria would be strengthened.
He continues : “ We appreciate the bond between the two nations, and it is vital that these bonds be between their citizens and their elders. It assures the citizens of the nations that we are working to help solve all their problems and improve their morality, which is in the best interests of both West Africa and Abibiman.
president John Dramani Mahama has appointed Joseph Whittal to make a petition for the Commission on Human Rights and Administrative Justice (CHRAJ )
Mr. Whittal was sworn on Tuesday afternoon at Flagstaff House to begin his work.
Mr. Whittal has been hungry for the year when the governor misled, Lauretta Vivian Lamptey for losing the country ’ s debt.
Secretary-general of the National Commission for Civic Education ( NCCE ) has appointed Mrs. Josephine Nkrumah.
Mrs. Nkrumah, assistant president of the country, has been replaced by Mrs. Charlotte Osei, whom the president appointed to give a petition for the country ’ s hunger for the last three months of the year.
This government-sponsored facility came about a week before NPP ambassador Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo removed the chairman from the chair.
On the seventh mill in 2017, the bead-bearer will be placed on chains.
GN Health Insurance companyLtd, one of the seventy-five Groupe Nduom companies, has embarked on ambolans in the country of Ghana.
They are making sure that those in need of nursing care are being given the most prompt attention they need.
GN Health Ambulance Service will work for twenty-four hours to ensure that nursing care is available to those in need.
The president of GN Health, Issah Adam announced, “ Bio,, our superintendent for Groupe Nduom, Dr. Papa Kwesi Nduom and his vice president, Mrs. Yvonne Nduom, as well as the directors of the company, are doing something else to improve the efficiency of their employees ”
He told the doctors at the convention that, “ Wei is also the great start of Groupe Nduom and that the ambolans have been added to the medical system available to help the workers in the Greater Accra and the Middle East ”
Studies indicate that sixty percent of women who have lost their lives either by birth or through childbirth depend on the fact that they cannot be taken to a hospital. Experts say that the most common life-threatening factor can be constructed by the GN Health Ambulance Service.
“ GN Health will see to it that there are well-trained doctors and skilled craftsmen who do not know how to solve problems ”
He added that the 350 Ford ambolans had all the ingredients needed to take care of those in need of medical treatment and that they were not merely necessary to take people to a hospital that could not care for those in need of medical attention. ”
The Ambolans have all the tools needed to be treated before treating a hospital.
The government said that he would take it along with all who were wounded on the torches of La on Thursday.
Six people have lost their lives in the tragedy at the Trade Fair Centre in Accra, and twenty others injured.
At the clinic of La General, Police and 37 Military, prime minister, Alex Segbefia visited the injured people who were receiving medical attention, and the local doctors and nurses were rewarded for their hard work.
“ the president suggests that the state will pay the bill to all who were injured in the mud, so let him summon the hospital guards to pay back all the bill ”
“ It is expensive, ” he said, “ that the wearers should wash their hands every day, wash their clothes, and wash their shoulder, and treat them with medication. ”
The president of Ghana, John Dramani Mahama, has also taught the people to pray in behalf of the injured.
The elderly elderly man, who had dispersed him on the ax, was on Fiada for the injured.
“ I give strength to the family and to those who are in trouble because of the old-timers, and we continue to pray for those who are injured ”
Five people have died in a fire at the oil market near the Ghana International Trade Fair Centre in Accra.
Those present claimed that the fires also destroyed the facilities.
The Veronian Koomson claims that, ambolans and fire fighters who came to the area contributed to the disaster.
Prince Billy-Anaglatey, a spokesman for the Ghana National Fire Service ( GNFS ), told Starr News proclaimer on Nativity, “ We ’ re trying to dissipate the fire. ”
Koomson announced that the oil station near the fireplace would be sold without fuel.
Billy-Anaglatey admits that he cannot say that someone else is in trouble ; he adds that their concern now is to keep the fire out of place.
Unknown to them, the area is shrouded in dense darkness, since all the electricity in the area is contaminated.
One person has lost his life in an accident that took place late at night in the Ecumfi combat in the province of Ekumfi in the Middle East.
The Nigerian, who had just lost his body, strayed from the street and burned his pocket.
It was full of color, traveling from Mankessim to Nigeria.
Those in attendance proclaimed that this man went out of the garbage when he remained in the garbage.
Those in attendance tried to get out of the two passengers before the fire broke out and the driver lost his life.
The two are receiving nursing care at the paw oast Regional Hospital.
Later, people came from the Ghana Fire Service to set off the fire.
This was accompanied by two more accidents on that road during the past two weeks.
During the last two weeks, ten-five people lost their lives in this way combined with Yutong and Sprinter.
Some of the kings in the Ga traditional region have given a week ’ s visit to the diphtheria district of, Nii Ayibarte to lift the ax.
This monarch has been enraged by the words he proclaimed before the 2016 census.
Nii Ayibarte promised that the president of the country, John Mahama, would rise up on his ax.
Nii Ayibarte reproved his kings for believing that Mahama would win the election because of many of the necessities of life.
On the contrary, the head of the president of the Accra Heart of Oak did not succeed.
Soon, Noah ’ s Aku-Aiddo won the battle.
Ga ’ s rulers, who are urging him to get out of the ax, are also complacent about his right to rule.
The police have announced that two women lost their lives and more than a dozen were injured and injured in the tragic accident that occurred at Beenada on the road to Daboya-Borumu in the Northern province.
From Daboya to Sawla, ten-four people were on their way to a wedding feast.
The police chief of the district of West Gonnea,, ASP Seidu Wemeh, claims that the AS 2304-15-size ring reached the area of Daboya and moved him to the bush, where the two victims lost their lives in the abyss.
The two women who survived were women in their early 40 ’ s and early 40 ’ s.
The cause of the accident is also uncertain. ASP Seidu suggests that police investigate the driver ’ s use of alcohol.
He added that the wounded were taken to the province of Tamale, and that only one person was taken to Damongo.
Accidents on the Daboya-Burunu road are rare in spite of the unforeseen occurrence and unforeseen occurrence.
Its inhabitants argue that it is not true that the first accidents of this year are occurring in the area.
They claim that they did not report to the police immediately after the accident.
Employer Dr. Matthew Opoku Prempeh, a minister of energy, announced that the government is doing all that it needs to do in Ghana to obtain electricity to operate and improve its productivity.
He proclaimed that most people agree that sunshine is essential to technology.
He said that, “ sunshine is the most important type of electricity used by the industrialized world to contribute to the growth of the economy ”
Based on the International Energy Agency ’ s study of pure electricity, he concluded that if money is not invested in sunlight, it would be difficult to obtain pure electricity that is not good.
Dr. Opoku Prempeh made this statement when he used his mouthpiece to spread it at the Stakeholders Forum on Ghana ’ s Nuclear Power Programme in Accra.
Under the direction of the association of Ghanaian Industries and the Nuclear Power of Ghana ( NPG ), the headline was : “Nuclear Energy Innovations : The Future Teohnologies for alean Energy and how to drive deep de commitment of Ghanaian ’ s power sewers. ”
Dr. Opoku Prempeh suggests that this system will reduce air pollution from trucks and burns.
“ He announced that the high cost of electricity and the high cost of the industry made it necessary to obtain a new electricity in the country of Ghana, ” he said.
He claims that if we look at the country ’ s electricity, the cost of the electricity, and the quantity of the electricity, along with the rest of the sun, we will be able to obtain electricity for the kiln.
New sunshine not only produces electricity on the ground but also enables the country to improve its efficiency as long as possible.
He announced that the 2017 president, John Agyekum Kufuor, learned of starvation and was commissioned by Professor Daniel Adzei-Bekoe to investigate the possibility of global lighting?
In those days Ghana had a major electricity problem.
To improve the quality of the state ’ s electricity, she announced that both the government and the inhabitants had arranged roads to improve the quality of the solar system.
As a result, the first sunset in the United States was controlled by the U.S.A.
He announced that the NPG band, with Mr. Fred O marriage in charge, headed for the weapons needed to help organize the streets to improve the quality of the sunlight industry in the country.
The minister added that apart from electricity, radiation can also help reduce air pollution in the country.
He added that, “ is helping to improve people ’ s morality in many ways and to promote social activities ”
“ Sunshine is being exploited in every corner of the world, including Ghana ” in both industries and agriculture
Within four years of the oppressive clothing of heavy and unruly hands, this system has progressed well.
Starting with 27.5 million ships ; the number rose 38.5 in the preceding year ; 70.2 in 2020, while the directors of this facility predicted the use of ninety million ships in 202.
The Ghanaian Revenue Authority ( GRA ) says that they are speaking to Food and Beverages Associationof Ghana ( FABAG ) and to various corporations to pay off the cost of paying the ship.
The Buok Press,, a bridge firm in Ghana and DelaRue, is preparing ships for the GRA, and the Streamline Resouroughes in Tema Port to help ships with tarpaulin.
The Purple manigya captain of GRA,, Mr. Kwabena apau Death, announced that this would contribute to the decrease of swindling.
Speaking on the occasion when Graphic Communications Group Limited ( GCGL ) sailed ships in Tema Port on Thursday, Mr. Anto announced that the GRA supervisor had authorized thirty-four companies, including the Guiness Ghana Limited and the Coca-Cola Bottling company, to operate on their own.
The editor and editor of Daily Graphic, Mr Kobby As mah,, director of the Daily Graphic,, Mr. Franklin Sowa, gave Mirror koowa paper, Ms Doreen Hammond to the Graphic Communications Group Limited ( Gl Gl Gl Gl Gl Gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl gl.
The group went to investigate the record of the shipwreck and then joined the GRA to find ways to improve this system.
Mr. Anto concluded that the shipwreck system would diminish the consumption of nourishment and promote good nourishment and improve the health of the country.
Furthermore, he added that this system would contribute toward improving the financial situation and that it would contribute toward increased bankruptcy.
Mr. Anto proclaimed, “ Our office in Tema here and in the three locations in the country where we use taretars to save money from those who subscribe to them ”
Their expenses include the sale of the ship, the paying of the workers ’ expenses, and the cost of equipment.
He claims that since the time department began in 2018, the government decreed that no one paid for the vessels and that this continued until now, it is why the Chief Agent arranges to meet the country and shows on the subject of the vessels ’ payment.
This assembly, says Anto, would mean that the GRA would allow the people to pay all the money or share the debt with the people of the country.
Some countries live in Kenya in order to pay the fare or to allow the boat to be attached to their boats before it reaches the country.
The Ghanaian ships throw the blame on the destination or on the company.
Countries that also use this system keep the ships in the same company as the ships.
Mr. Anto expressed his feelings about the problem of timing the boat in the area of Tema. He announced that the timing of the boat would not be done for those who regularly subscribed to the boat instead of for those who subscribed to it.
Furthermore, he went on to say that those who demanded too much no more than any other expenses would send their noise to the area of Tema to keep the boat attached to their noise and that the noise was temporarily delayed.
On the other hand, if the passengers do not change, the number of vessels is delayed.
The engineers prepared the engineers so that the vessels could be processed.
In his remarks, Mr. As mah appealed to GRA for an announcement of their plans.
He proclaimed the importance of latex advertising in that it would help all the people in the country to keep the order alive and that it would help people to avoid it.
He summoned the GRA and Streamline Resouroes officials for putting arrangements into the streets to solve the problem.
Realizing how the shipping system would function, he announced that Ggl and GRA would join in advance advertising.
Mr. As mah announced, “ I believe that the GɔGL and GRA predict each other in an effort to reduce the number of missing programs so that the universe will understand this system ”
According to the Institute of Energy Security ( IES ), the price of oil will rise slightly.
The first three-thirds of the Oil Marketing eunuchs ( 3,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000. )
Zen Petroleum, Benab Oil, ash Oil, Goodness Oil, Top Oil, and Frimps Oil have been the lowest-cost oil markets in the mill.
Researchers in this section estimate that, International Benchmark Brent used a barrel to swim for $73.98
The increase in oil prices has been due to the rise in COVID-19 Europe and the spread of the disease in the United States.
For the first time in the two years, Brent ’ s price for oil was $75, as well as for permission to travel freely, the number of oil supplies worldwide has increased.
As a result, the number of passengers on board and on board has increased.
Brent ’ s high cost of oil stands as a barrier to transporting oil to Europe, Asia, and the Middle East as a result of the difference in prices.
As a result of the OPEo + convention that will be held on the first day of our Commonwealth, oil prices will change for the next month.
According to the Standard and Poor ’ s Global Platts platforms, oil prices in various countries have risen dramatically over a period of time.
Oil prices have risen to 3.47 % for $67 1.45 for one gallon to $69 4.78.
Similarly, while the price of a gallon was $576.8, the price of fanggo was $597. 30.
Similar studies on the world ’ s economy indicate that poverty and poverty have changed for $ 1.00 GH¢597. 30. 30.
South Africa has become one of the countries that the Nigerian nation has insisted on refusing foreigners or travelers to enter Nigeria because of the COVID-19 Delta epidemic in South Africa.
Those who traveled to South Africa two days later were not allowed to enter Nigeria.
Those in South Africa who want to return to Nigeria have to hide for seven days.
This policy also applies to the countries of Brazil and Turkey.
The tragic death of Kaaka Mohammed is both tragic and tragic.
God will not spare his soul, and I will also give strength to his disciples.
Immediately, some people are saying that the government is behind her death and others are saying that they are praying that the government will know nothing about her death.
This, in turn, is not the case simply because it detracts the probability of a thorough investigation.
The government ’ s “fix theountry ” controversy does not make it clear that the government is aware of any of these deaths, even if I am keenly aware of how disgusting political issues can be, even if it is possible for a man to change himself for a woman.
The government met the protesters to try to dissuade them.
Later, the drama pressured the two publishers to announce what the government was doing to reform the country.
On the contrary, there are individuals in the government who do not share in the demonstrations, and they have also been exposed to the attitude of those in the demonstrations.
We also found the COVID-19 as a foundation for the police who tried very hard to keep the protesters outdoors, but these same policemen failed to stop the masses who attended the funeral of Sir John.
All of these may permit the government to sanctify this death, even if some people may think that he is true because there is no reliable evidence.
It seems unrealistic to conclude that biased politics can also make individuals outside the government more inclined to commit crimes or to dishonor the government.
Furthermore, there is no evidence to prove that Caacah was behind his death.
A thorough investigation requires that we examine the implications of this question.
I don ’ t take all the charges to the silent soldiers who have attacked these two people.
We have a complaint against the methods they used for their work and training.
For example, in the year 2000, Mobrowa Struggle played a major role in the fighting force.
We saw the police and the soldiers taking us on the road, even if we had to be touched.
Who is shooting while there is a demonstration?
Who wanted to shoot him? Man or “ Beela ”?
Shooting a gun to stop the exhibition?
How was this soldier employed?
Who employed it? Who trained it?
This man is a wicked man, dressed in a military uniform to deceive people.
I am advertising the dictatorial politics to various experts and to various Abibiman candidates.
What most people do not realize is that, is attributed to the success of Ghana ’ s youth in dictatorial politics and that this contradicts my comments.
I mean that some in the government are in sharp contrast with the dictatorships of the military.
When you shoot a thin gaass on those in the Ghana exhibition, do you harbor harm?
Was it floating with plastic bults?
The government would like to identify security officials to help organizers demonstrate to protect security agencies, and the government would like to send these security officials back to school for further training on how to avoid a crash or just to stop speaking to us who are doing so for a long time.
This gives people the courage to exhort them to act.
The chairman himself focuses on this matter and reassures people and brings peace to an end.
According to the instructor ’ s viewpoint, the security firm is unemployed.
In view of the easiest circumstances, however, the presiding overseer ’ s responsibility to set matters straight is a reason why the presiding overseer needs to set matters straight.
Nine-year-old Thomas Peasant, a graduate of the Adeiso Presbyterian Senior High School, who acquired lookouts from the Ghana Sholarships Secretariat, has expressed his gratitude to the president, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufs Addo.
The secretary of the department, Mr. Kingsley Agy semp, announced that Thomas, the only Witness who had eight copies of A during the past year of West Africa ’ s Seondary School Certificate Examination, had been assigned to study at the university of Brunel in London.
A nine-year-old man from Asuaba, near Adeiso, learns economics and business finances at the university.
His tragic experience swept across the country, and this student was drawn into a conversation with the publishers, who, according to his historian, Thomas Amoani, sometimes traveled ten miles [ two thousand kilometers ] before he arrived at his home school.
The president, Akufo-Addo, heard this and ordered that he be sent to the gang.
Leaving the center, the director of the department said in front of the reporter that Thomas ’ royal presence would encourage the others to get a good study regardless of their background.
“ I ’ ll see that there are so many people living in Thomas, and I ’ m promising them that there is a century to help them, ” says Thomas, “ and I ’ ll encourage those who live in him. ”
At the university, Thomas Amoani, a happy student, announced that he would glorify his country of Ghana and never disappoint Ghana.
She said, “ I never imagined that the elderly man would give this privilege through the brother-in-law, thanking them for their faith in me and not letting my country lose its dignity. ”
Brunel University London, a university in the Uxbridge area of London, England, was founded in 2966 and was placed in Isambard Kingdom Brunel, a university that consists of the world ’ s thirty-thirds and twenty-thirds of the universities in Europe.
There is nothing wrong with the chief judge, Kwasi Anin Yeboah, to accuse Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, a lame and also a Bolgatanga East congressman at General Legal Council ( GLC )
Zebilla congressional deceiver John Ndebugre claims that the information presented by the National Democratic Congress ( NDCa ) on this charges is that Dr. Ayine comes before the Genral Legal Council.
“ I believe that the chief justices were the prosecutors, since Dr. Ayine ’ s complaint against this prosecutorship was based on the presence of the president ’ s insecurity in the civil service ”
Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine had appealed Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine to the Globe Department of Hunger by drawing a discussion of the presidential election Petition and its effects on the Abibiman province, the chief justices had taken Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine to the Globe Department of Hunger.
Dr. Ayine has been charged with incriminating the government prosecutor ’ s office and has been forced to go to the country to remove the 2020 president ’ s headline.
The pneumonia suggests that the basis for Dr. Ayine ’ s preaching during the discussion was that the court order was not used by public speaking and that the pneumonia was dismissed.
“ Dr. Ayine made a series of comments about the spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider spider
Dr. Ayine ’ s acts in favor of high-ranking judges were that his statements did not belittle them.
He confirmed that he did not preach in a bad way.
“ As a result of my training and experience, I ’ ll be able to give my opinion about some of the things that are wrong with the work of the Ghanaian civil law firm ”
He also added that, was the words he had spoken on the road.
On the day that the National Democratic Congress ( NDC ), a large government-sponsored political party, met in Accra, a chief judge was accused of drawing back his charges against Dr. Ayine.
Mr. Ndebugre disagrees with the accusations of the highest judge against Dr Ayine, who said that the case did not apply to one of the judges or to the seven highest judges who were involved in the case ; he was speaking about all the governmental authorities and the highest judge who was responsible for the governmental work and who was responsible for the case against Dr. Ayine.
Conversation with Citi FM of Accra on Tuesday evening ( twenty-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-t
To illustrate what happened in 1996, the country filed charges against Mensah Bonsu, Stephen Quarooo and Tommy Thompson, who claimed that I had not spoken against Justice Government, whereas the prime minister stood in front of the government.
The highest judge is not guilty of a complaint.
“ I think there ’ s nothing wrong with being accused by a high judge ”
Next, Dominic Ayine, who served as second-general of the government, took the donor with him. * If the official asked the donor to appear before the law, could it be said that the donor was giving his opinion and that the donor was not allowed to do so?
No, you have to go and ask for advice on the charges against you.
Similarly, the highest judge claims that his case has dishonored the civil law.
Mr. Ndebugre added, “ Well, it ’ s good to sit on NDC and Dr. Ayine ’ s own comment on the Punishment of Hunger ”
He claims that the two noises here are like giraffes when you are preaching and putting out statements that defy the civil law, or when the judgment is announced and the case is applied, they can be brought before the law in this case.
If you were guilty, you could deny the sentence, “ and if you said that the politicians saw that Dr. Ayine had the power to express his opinion and that he could not be put before the law, I would not agree with you. ”
“ All of a sudden, you have to go before the Apocalypse and say that you were teaching your opinion rather than that the highest judge of the civil corporation was not entitled to accuse you and deny that the prosecutor was responsible for the case ; hence, he had to go there and explain why he said that the civil service in Ghana was not responsible. ”
It was questioned that since the chief judge was the chairman, the chairman, Dr. Ayine, was on his own, and Mr. Ndebugre replied, “ You have suggested that the chief judge of the Punishment is a robots and that the chief judge would instruct them to do it or to do it?
In an illustrative way, he took people to court-martial punishment, saying that, “ The people who were sent there were not measured by their opinions? Why are you saying that they are unable to stand before the law? Why are you saying that they are unable to stand before the law?
“ I asked the highest judge to do what he had done. ”
After all, the highest judge has been charged with a complaint, and I know that the highest judge is the one who has been charged with the complaint because his statutes violate government law and their rights.
The prosecution does not mean that you are sentenced to death ; for instance, you have to go there to preach and teach the facts.
“ I ’ ll exhort Ayine to try to appear before the punishment, and it ’ s best for them to go and let the chief judge know that what he is saying is wrong. ”
The National peace Council ( NPC ) has established plans to contribute to the unification of the country in the aftermath of the preceding year.
The Kansere claims that the political ideals of the governments can cause confusion in the country and that they have to fight them.
In Ada, in the province of Greater Accra, people claim to have conversations between political parties and the community.
Commonwealth Secretariat and United Nations Development Programme ( UNDP ) produced such programs as “Countering post 2020 election violenoe and buildingonsensus for greater Politicaltoleranoe in Ghana”.
The objective of this agency is to speed up public understanding and promote unity, peace, and political stability and to improve the peace and order of the country.
They came to this office with the secretary-general of the Commonwealth,, Rt. Hon. Patricia Satootland ; UNDP representative, Dr Angela Lusigi ; minister of communication, Mr Kojo Oppong ; minister of diplomacy, Mr Ambrose Dery and minister of state security, Mr Albert Kan-Dapaah.
Also present were the assistant sorcerer, Dr. Eric Bossman Asare ; chief of police commissioner,, National Democratic Congress, New PatrioticParty, elder, chief of the People ’ s Party, chief priests, chief priests, and other departments of the country.
Mr. Dery argued that despite his policy of insurance, the roads connected with the swindle were repeated, some people lost their lives and property were destroyed.
He claimed that thirty-two violent crimes took place in five battle lines of the country and that six people lost their lives.
Mr. Dery announced that the government was investigating these crimes and that the prisoners would be punished.
Mr. Kan-Dapaah also pointed out that the stability of the country depends on the submission of political elements.
The tribe of the Commonwealth was deeply impressed by the warmth and peace of the Ghanaian people.
He announced that, Ghana had progressed toward the dictatorships, claiming that, “ is a burden on the city and that it has done well for them. ”
He also declared that the women and the virgins were involved in the nation ’ s constitution.
The president of the NPoh, Rev. Dr. Ernest Adu-Gyamfi, announced that this department would establish a close relationship between the political parties and the state-sponsored administrative systems.
He claims that this discussion will help to solve all the problems that have followed the 202-line series.
The chief executive of Transeco Mineral and Mining, Mr. Godwin Amarh, has built six high schools in Akyem Ampapatia, a province of the East.
He paid GH¢295,000 for these schools ; this is part of a compass plan to help improve the quality of their habitat.
At the entrance, Mr Amarh showed how important it is for children in elementary school to have a good education because it contributes to a good foundation of education.
He pointed out that education cannot be neglected, since it is important that compulsory education be a priority, since education is the basis of national education.
“ We who work in Transeco Mining and Minerals are determined to promote primary schooling in all areas of our company, and this is why the company is determined to promote education wherever it is available ”
She says, “ I am glad that I have come to Ampapatia to open this school, and all of us know how important education is for people and the community to have students to teach high school doctrines because they have a solid foundation, this is why we have built this school building. ”
Mr Amarh added that the, school building is an expression of gratitude to the kings and to the people of Ampapatia who have had close contact with the company since they came to their neighborhood.
Mr Amarh argued that it was not true that the government had put tires in the country.
He claims that the government, rather than disrupting it, has established a realistic plan.
According to Mr Amarh, “ the government does not keep the tail in the first place but, rather, establishes areas near the water and forest where it is not permissible to do any kind of work, and whoever breaks this government policy will obey the law ”
He advised the refiners to move the refiners instead of where they had been assigned.
Mr Amarh, also the secretary-general of the Ghanaian National Association of Small Sáale Miners ( GNAS SMale ), commissioned his farmer to help improve the quality of the local work.
He recommended that the hard-earned immigrants change what they say about destroying the neighborhood without the help of the neighborhood.
He indicated that some peasants were trying to do the same.
I know that the majority of the farmers who have built school facilities and contributed to the electricity of the neighborhood have had to advertise these articles and advertise what they preach about us, ” he advised.
Rebeall Foundation and Abdul Samad Rabiu Africa Initiative ( ASR Africa ) have signed a debt of $500,000.
From the year of ASR Africa, the total coin will be set aside for the $, million African Fund for SocialDevelopment and Renewal to support the education program for the Foundation of Rebe.
The ASR ’ s director,, Mr Ubon Udoh, congratulated this group for dedication to women and children at the assembly.
He also promoted the team ’ s strategic role, which has helped the team to accomplish a number of tasks to promote education, vocabulary, and social gathering.
He said,, “ Our research revealed that the Rebehoa Foundation, an honorable charitable organization in Ghana, encouraged the ASR Africa to help them ”
The director of the Rebehoa Foundation, Mrs. Rebehoa Aku-Addo, thanked ASR Africa for their relief efforts.
He promised that the funds would be used to improve the education of children in the country.
The government of the UK claims that they are unaware of his vow to Nigeria by the First Zechariah, who is the leader of the large population of southeastern Nigeria.
Mr. Kanu, a British and also from the Nigerian Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republic.
In 2017 he was also acquitted in Nigeria and was forced to leave the country when he was given a beele.
They think that he was saved in their UK,, where they believe he was correct.
The British Haughty Spokesman reprimanded the bull, “ It can be said that the First Zeal was not accepted for being sent to his homeland ”
On Tuesday he went ; he was a victim of Nigeria ’ s police force.
On the twenty-sixth day, he will be restored to the presence of the Law.
In 2009, after initiating the radio Biafra operation in London, Nigeria, for the independence of the Biafra population, Kanu gave his followers an opportunity to shoot their neighbors in Nigeria.
Five years later, heard of the Indigenous People of Biafra.
The first session, in 2015, resulted in a series of demonstrations.
I was thrilled to see the restoration work being done in Independence Square the following year.
John Jerry Rawlings is in the process of restoration because he is deceived by the governor.
The Institute of Directors-Ghana ( IoD-Gh ) has promoted the Bank of Ghana ( BoG ) in a practical arrangement designed to help stabilize the corporations in the country.
They have been asked to form a special relationship with the Bank of Ghana that will contribute to the stability of corporate governments in the country.
During a visit to the BoG managram, the chief executive of IoD-Gh, Mr. Roa Jackson Kwesi Dogbegah, congratulated the president of the Bank of Ghana, Dr. Ernest Addison, in his favorable position to assess various financial institutions in the country.
He claims that Dr. Addison ’ s management of the BoG has contributed to the improving of the local banking system.
The headquarters of the company quoted this report as saying that they were to go to BoG and that they wanted to maintain their relationship with the company that had been organized in Ghana.
Speaking about the Jo JoD-Gh plan, Mr Dogbegah suggests that JoD-Gh is developing plans to improve corporate governments in the country.
He claims that democracy is also a roadblock.
He pointed out that each year, all kinds of people and companies with high-quality jobs would be hired in corporate governments to promote social gatherings in the country.
He added that his corporations and companies have promoted the creation of the Ghana associationof Integrated Thinking and Reporting to promote corporate prestige.
The president of the Governing Body pointed out that corporate governments are prominent in financial institutions.
He claims that all violations of corporate governments, including the behavior of employees and so forth, do not contribute to the bank ’ s injury.
He added that it was for the benefit of the people of Ghana and for the stability of corporate governments, and he announced that the BoG would also help to improve corporate efficiency, as the operations of the different banks have an impact on the economy.
As we look forward to the very next year, Arteta does well.
As mentioned earlier, Artaxerxes decided to betray Arteta and was backed up by the players to change the number for the next year.
No one can guarantee that the Lionel played the same role as the Lionel played the same role as the Lionel.
Many are asking whether Artemis could do the job or ask the client if he could do the job?
Arteta and Pep Guardiola were renowned for their zeal at the age of thirty-nine.
On the other hand, despite having worked for seven months, Argentina ’ s ten-month-long battlefields, which are said to have been lower than those of Unai Emery, were Arteta ’ s successor, who betrayed her for the European League.
It was the sadness and compassion of Arthur and Tottenham, who faced the challenge of being saved, as did Hitler and Tottenham.
It will take time for people to forget what the Super League did.
On the contrary, I can say that those belonging to Armenia,, Kroenke, are nowhere to go.
Thus, if Arteta has the responsibility to set up a boxing team, set up a boxing club, and set up a boxing club and the tActes calendar for the next year, otherwise, that will be a boxing club.
De Gea does not approve of becoming an assistant.
The Manchester United Gookipa, David De Gea ’ s representative, is making sure that he can continue his work in another team, even though David De Gea receives a circuit at the base of the team to 2023.
My hearing from Old Trafford is that despite De Gea ’ s and Dean Henderson ’ s friendship, De Gea won ’ t sit next to play the ball.
I ’ ve never heard that they want to go to Madrid, Paris Saint Germain and Real Madrid.
Thirty-year-old David De Gea has studied his gymnasium, despite the fact that some members of the gymnasium recognize that his performance has declined for two years.
“ The groceries are hot-tempered, ” says Manigya Solské aer.
They dress and groom each other at the same time as the other players and enjoy a good relationship with each other.
A special relationship exists between them, and the goaters ’ assignments are located in the sky.
They work together to improve their efforts ”
I believe that it is true, but if De Gea doesn ’ t play No 1 and you won ’ t play the ball, I don ’ t know that he won ’ t play Old Trafford.
I ’ ll take West Brom back.
The West Bromwial Albion has returned from the Premier League exactly the year they entered the league.
To return from the Championship to the Premier League, I hope that I will see that Sam Allardye will be alive again.
It is unrealistic in his history for him to grieve for the humiliation that has resulted when West Brom ’ s officials wanted him to stay.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles, elephants Gallagher and Okay Yokuslu will return to the West Brom team because they are ready to go. Matheus Pereira, elephants Robinson, Hal Robson-Kanu and Karlan Grant can do better in the Championship.
In Manchester, a runner is an excellent athlete.
Who is the best runner in the Manchester City team?
No, not Raheem Sterling.
Manigya Pep Guardiola grabs a righteous seed that slaps every player for the ball to the ground and runs for about ten bits.
They also had athletes who could not run with the ball so well that Gabriel said no one could do so.
Havertz can be a caterpillar.
Thomas Tuolhel ’ s two-story residence against Fulham is about to be rewarded by kai Havertz.
Tuoghel acknowledges that it was because kai came from Bayern Leverkusen to the Stamford Bridge with bounties as soon as he stood.
On the way to another country, he also developed COVID-19, which reduced his effectiveness
Tuoghel believes that his achievements will be determined by the, Champions League faenal and the soccer year ahead.
Solské Aer is helping to get the United to pick up its right cloth.
For example, supporters of the Manchester United team complained that they have built up new beliefs and that they are assured that they can do better.
During a conversation with one of the United States volunteers and their supporters, the person who has been doing this has come to realize that the time has come for the manigra to be played in his ten-month-long soccer team.
With the help of Solské aer, Bruno Fernandes and Edinson volunteers were brought into the club and their efforts were well appreciated.
For another year, he was offered to serve as a member of the gladiatorial club, and his faith in Solské aer made him part of the gladiatorial club.
For Paul Pogba, everything is going well and he is happy, and he is enjoying my friendship with me.
In a recent competition with the United, those who struggle will often win.
Among other things, the deputy president, Ed Woodward, was invited to join the soccer team for the change of numbers, thus improving the performance of the players.
As a result of Manchester United ’ s struggles, Solské Aer has become an important member of the team, and all his supporters and staff believe that this is the foundation of a soccer team.
The telegraph ran out
Kane wants to go.
I didn ’ t realize it at the end of this week ’ s competition with Leeds United.
Harry Kane is even more athletic than all his players ; he tells his fans what to do with them in order to keep their assignments straight.
Leeds is competing, and he is quiet, as I have never seen before.
I believe that this is an indication that Harry wants to get out of Spurs ’ soccer team and that he is looking for a way out.
Wolves is eager to find a straike.
Nuno Espirito Santos realizes that he will now need to stay in their soccer team.
Pedro Neto, a basketball player, and Reben Neves, a middle-class member of the NHL, show that their faces are inadequate.
Fatio Silva and Raul Jimenez have also been unable to compete with each other since the month of Obubuo because of injury.
Wolves ’ quarters for the past year have dropped to a third.
Wolves ’ countryside promised Nuno that he would be given money to pay for his inexperienced life.
On the fifth month and on the eighth day,imenez knows if he can compete in their last two battles.
For about two months, he has also been trained to keep his head off the ball, and he has no right to join his competitors.
Sir Alex has won McTominay.
Listening is vital when a large body, such as Sir Alex Ferguson, speaks about the Manchester United.
He is enthralled by Sáott McTominay and claims to be a competitor for the United States.
Sir Alex announced, “Scott McTominay has become the biggest boxer in the United ”
“ McTominay is the name of the United players ”
It also has a righteous and well-behaved personality.
I took him to the club when he was seven or eight years old.
He was a straike
What is greater prize than that?
Three different phenomena of the gladiatorial cycle
For a year and four months, the Manchester United has never had a pottery in the Premier League and never had it in their home.
If they failed to win their upcoming championship,, Sheffield United would be the first football team from 1904-1905 without success in two championships.
Dr. Madzorera pointed out that health-care centers have a high percentage of proclaimers and that people in ancient times are not permitted to talk to them about the disease, no matter where they are in the country.
They also recommend that they make clean utensils instead of waiting for the illness to settle down before going to the hospital.
heaps, U.S. president, Lewis Uriri, have announced that the problem in the soccer team has been solved and that all squeezed-out players are preparing for the battle in theastle Premier Soir League.
Attracting the discussion of studio 7, he announced that they had been paid for their soccer marks.
He also announced that they would receive a monthly wage and that some people who did not know their names were misleading the PS of the United States to avoid competition.
Utiri pointed out that since the number of football players in the country was scarce, the government had not even given them any funds.
Those who struggle to change mystery claim that mystery has to be adjusted to mystery and to modern values as well as to protect girls and girls.
Sayendisa Ndlovu, a member of SayWhat, claims that the vast majority of the population are unaware of the laws of nature and that the government has to advertise them to the universe.
Ndlove pointed out to studio 7 that there was a need to be an adjustment in the law of creation because that law had been written for a long time.
Ndlove claims that bipolar disorder, HIV /AIDS, and some disorders were the causes of stroke.
Ndlovu explained that the law forbids any hospital ’ s license to organize angina and that a dentist or a doctor is legally entitled to perform angina.
Using the right Here Right Now, Ms. Tendaishe thehangamire, who has not struggled to change the rights of citizens, also stated that the law of humanitarianism has to be altered to reduce the risk of commitment.
Research by Ms ’ shangamire reveals that the majority of women lose their lives because of hysteria.
While the majority of youths want to make changes in the angel ’ s law, some of the older women refuse to comply, claiming that the angel ’ s law does not permit them to accept vows because it does not allow the virgins to give hope to life.
In 1977, before the country gained its freedom, the Praetorian Court passed the guaranteed law.
Some of the M DC-T, under Nelson ’ s quarrel, were hired by the police to enter Harere ’ s largest political center at the home of Morgan Tsyangirai.
This happened when the five members of the time class led by the Ms Thokozani Khupe arrived at the center.
Two years after her death, she found herself in the trap of Morgan Tsyangirai.
Among the police victims are two assistant gossipers, Tendai Biti and Lynett Karenyi Kore, including David ’ s gossiper, Lovemorehinoputsa, Gladys Hlatywayo and others.
It is said that the victims were on their way to the political center and were arrested by the police.
Since the ancient police spokesman, Paul Nyathi, was known for his inability to obtain accusations about the actual number of victims and the accusations against them, why? why? why? why?
inquisitive MD-loving spokesman Fadzai Mahere announced his surprise that they had been arrested.
This year, it was announced in a public declaration that both Jehu and Khupe were unlawful and that they were not in agreement with the law-enforcement authorities and that Ms Khupe would be responsible for the misunderstanding.
As soon as the issue was made public, Ms Khupe released four member of the parliament ; and why is it not a political party party that makes these people present.
Those released from the barracks were Thabitha Khumalo, Prosper Mutseyami, Lilian Timveous and a harlton Hwende.
Some Zimbabweans in other countries have proclaimed that Robert Mugabe was forced to leave the country because of his political oppression.
A political teacher at the Bergen University in Norway who is a member of the Zimbabwe Yibuya / Mayibuye kuo, Dr Viotor ’ s hypothesis suggests that Mr Mugabe has been a royal advocate of the Abibiman community but that there is still one unknown family in Zimbabwe.
Dr.himhutu suggests that one of Mr. Mugabe ’ s friendship with certain Abibiman officials was the reason why these Abibiman officials respected him.
Mugabe is supposed to be remembered for his disgraceful behavior and assertion that he was a victim of the Black Death and that he was a victim of officials in such countries as the United States and Britain.
If a member of the Mugabe Zanu party is unrighteous or is critical of those outside the government, he is drawn before his own party.
Mr. Mugabe will be placed in bed on Kwasiada, even though he is not locked.
Doctors and nurses working in a public hospital before the government, putting their equipment off at the beginning of the preceding month, at the end of the month, when the government does not pay their bills.
The Zimbabwe doctor ’ s office, Fortune Nyamande, who claims that Zimbabwe ’ s body of presidents is also under its control, has sent a letter to the government for what they want to do.
Dr. Nyamande said that he had written a letter to the government about their rebellion on the first day of the new year.
They argue that they are dealing with the public-health departments because they have no money to take trucks to work because their wages are the amount that the government promised them to give them.
Dr. Nyamande also rebuked the government for using democratic advertisements to cover up advertisements.
First, the minister of finance, Patrick Chinamasa, announced that the government could not pay employees this year because there is no money.
Dr. Nyamande se, “ Mr. Chinamasa used koowa cards to announce the change in the reward season and to follow the same route ”
Those who did not get their salary on Monday received their salary and announced it on this Tuesday, but on the fifth day of the preceding year, government workers, such as doctors and nurses, would be rewarded.
However, many government officials who interrupted the conversation with studio 7 show that they do not believe that they will receive their specified wages.
We cannot talk to the health minister, David Parirenyatwa, and the prime minister, Prisłaah Mupfumira about how to counteract the uprising.
I love non-governmental political parties and have accused the police of harming their members.
Zimbabwe ’ s humanitarian lawyers have estimated that forty-seven persons, most of whom are supporters of MD, and seven are students attending school at Allen Wilson in Harare for free exhibitions.
Other victims include the former student leader of ZINASU, who visited today and his associate, Allan Moyo.
We could not converse with the police assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi because he did not use his cell phone.
The doctor, Lya Innounent Gonese, suggests that, Haruzivishe and Moyo will gather on Monday to think about her advice.
The United Nations World Health Organization ( WHO ) has revealed that the Corona virus, which has killed two hundred and twenty-three persons in the drums, has become a universal burden.
Corona virus has been infected by 2,000 people in two days, and 9800 people worldwide have been infected by four hundred and forty-four tumors.
WHO ’ s secretary-general, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebrevesus, long ago believed that flies would do all they could to cope with the disease and fear that the disease would spread to other countries and that it could kill more people.
The health minister, Dr. Obadiah Moyo, claims that Zimbabwe has used more than two hundred people from all nations to test Corona virus by means of technology.
Researchers in Zimbabwe are sheltering their rooms for two weeks.
Minister of health deceit, Dr. Henry Madzorera, announced the need for more funds to cope with this disease.
Robert Mugabe ’ s body, seduced by the governor, falls on Harare ’ s Wednesday afternoon and will be released for his funeral.
Advertising minister, Ms Monioa Mutsvangwa made this statement at the end of a circuit assembly.
Mr. Mugabe announced that the government council was preparing for Mr. Mugabe ’ s funeral.
They were asked why it was not long before the Mugabe funeral, when, Mutsvangwa and the foreign minister Sibusiso Moyo announced, “ it is not right to say when her funeral will be held while her family is still in Singapore ”
he says that the government is cooperating with the family of the president, Mugabe.
King Katizagombo ’ s spokesman,, Gibson ’ s cheenami, claims that there is no complaint about the Mugabe funeral because Emmerson ’ s government is responsible for everything.
The Maéor General Trust Mugoba of the past week was to be buried on Wednesday in heroes Acre burial ground at Harare.
In other cases, the government estimates that between a hundred and seventy-eight percent of the Zimabite population are affected in South Africa as a result of the ongoing violence and that two Zimbabweans have lost their lives.
Moyo announced that the government was planning to bring the bodies of the survivors home.
The government also claims that sixty percent of health-care workers, such as doctors, have been paid for their mortality, and today the cyberspace plans to meet health and financial institutions to make sure that workers are paid accordingly.
The health minister, Dr. Obadiah Moyo, announced that he would sit with the financial department to make sure that what he had accepted would be done.
During the past week, doctors also placed their equipment on the floor as their salary.
The International Women ’ s Day is celebrated with the celebration of Itai Dzamara Trust, who was the leader of the war-torn and also of the University of Africa Unity Square.
This work was carried on in Highfield, and the women who visited the facilities were given an injection and so on.
A spokesman for the Dzamara family, who is also a member of the Itai Dzamara Trust crew, Mr. Partson Dzamara rebuked studio 7 for finding him showing love for the women during that month ; five years his brother ’ s absence took place in that month.
She says that her brother took up politics, worked hard, and finished all of it with love ; and Itai Dzamara Trust will continue his fine works.
He teaches his company to come to Highfields because ittai was born there but would go to different places to help women and those who do not have legal, educational, and health care.
One of the visitors was Remeberanoe Zuze, who announced that although they did not see Mr. Dzamara, he was impressed by the work the team was doing.
An unnamed teenage girl asked for a number of studies in today ’ s studio.
The Partson Dzamara revealed that a memorial stela would be erected to commemorate his brother who was welcomed on Tuesday at Glen View, Harare.
He claims that they do not now know where his brother is or even if he is alive.
He announced that it would be invited by the Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission and others who worked alongside Ittai Dzamara, such as the police station, persons.
At the end of the day of immigrants worldwide, Zimbabwean immigrants in South Africa have no reason to rejoice over the bad things happening in South Africa.
Some Zimbabweans say that South Africa does not respect arrangements for them and organizations such as the United Nations to treat immigrants with respect.
The secretary-general of Zimbabwe ’ s Migrant Support Network, Shelton hiyangwa, reprimanded studio 7 that despite the importance of the day of immigration, South African immigrants are in slavery.
he said that the people of Zimbabwe in South Africa are also being harassed.
He added that his companies and Zimbabweans and other countries use them to obtain letters.
Zimbabwe ’ s Exemption Permits chairman, Gladys Mangwende, announced that his company is indifferent to the immigrant system of watchmen but is also indifferent to the disobedience of individuals.
The president of Human Rights Watyh of North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga, says that the immigrant day is important in South Africa because of Zimbabwean immigrants in the country.
Mr. Mavhinga went on to insist that the government of South Africa abdicate the law and regulate travel.
Zimbabweni, George Manyika also confirmed the case of Mavhinga.
Gabriel Shumba, head of Zimbabwe ’ s Exiles Forum, has called for the attention of the South African beverages and the Zimbabwean population.
Lions appealed to the South African minister of peace, Aaron Motseledi, for refusing to impose their laws on immigrants to get their papers.
He pleaded for organized volunteers to join his company and to go out in behalf of nomads.
Francis Mukono, one of the immigrants, said that he did not recognize the value of immigrants as living in South Africa.
Another immigrant, Steven Chiweshe, announced that he had not seen anyone beating a knife.
Mandela Madumise,, the South African chief executive officer for migrants, claims that his agency has asked the United Nations Rights Council to help them deal with the problems facing the agency.
As the end of the month begins, the moon ’ s tide will become clear, suggesting that it will be designed to solve this problem.
Some three thousand Zimbabweans are said to have left South Africa, claiming that the government is violating their rights.
However, the Zimbabwe government says that some people have moved to other countries to find a better job.
Hospital staffs, including nurses and doctors, have laid down their devices for three decades, claiming that their wages are high and that they have not been trapped for anything to do.
The situation in hospitals has worsened, and the patients are being taken back home because of lack of medical care.
Noise damage to the quality of the bottle-gourd plant because the Senior Health Doctors association did not require that the doctors and their salaries be manipulated. The spokesman for this group, Dr. Aaron Musara, proposed a good bottle-gourd plant in the hospital.
Dr Musara said that despite writing letters to government offices and announcing that she would fall on her ax, she had no answers.
Public-health ministers also refuse to work, asking that the government repay some of the U.S. funds donated to him in 2018 and that he bear arms to protect them from the equipment.
Mottook Dongo, president of Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctors, says that they have had little contact with the government.
Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctors association(ZHDA ) spokesman, Dr tapiwa Mungofa, also notes that since the government does not allow doctors to go to the hospital, nursing is forbidden.
Mr. Mongofa that when child-care professionals put their equipment in place, most of their workers stayed at home to protect themselves and obtain COVID-19,
Studi 7 failed to interfere with the government in an attempt to solve this problem, since the minister of health, Dr. Amon Murwira, could not use their cell phones.
During the past week, Mr. Murwira announced that he had embarked on a conversation with one of his grandchildren, and his assistant John Mangwiro recommended that they stop speaking.
The president of the Health Services Board, Dr. Paulinus Sikosana, suggests that they cannot interfere with us because they are holding an assembly on COVID-19.
Health authorities also argue that the government must take action against child-care authorities in case of suicide victims of the nation ’ s tribulation as a result of the death of COVID-19 and the death of twenty-five victims.
The chairman, CityCouncil, claims that they are prepared to celebrate the funeral and announce on Monday that the Kansere will not build the damaged buildings in their hometown.
The Kansere ’ s secretary, Abel Gotora, tried to force the Kansere to rebuild the buildings that some of the workers had destroyed.
But Mr. Gotora insisted that the Kansere build all the buildings that had been broken but that they would build the houses that had been forced to build for the six who had been taken.
Among those who took the Kansere to catch him were Rahadwa Marimo, Emmanuel Ngwaru, Richard Svosve, Pepukayi Marega and Devis Shopo.
One of these six, Emmanuel Gwaru, announced that he was impressed by the judgment that he had executed because the government had asked the Kansere to clean the area, not to tell them to break up buildings.
Gadzema Kansela Patricia says that she was delighted to hear her judgment because it was difficult for her to obey what the local minister had commanded her to do with the city ’ s building work.
Mr. Gotora announced that the Kansere would make a new song for fifty merchants in Gadzema.
A spokesman for Zimbabwe ’ s Lawyers for Human Rights, Kumbirai Mafunda says that in recent years the teraphikers are coming to their office to talk for them.
Many Kansers in the country are breaking down illegal buildings.
On the contrary, merchants from all corners of the world are on their way to find out what the countrymen are doing.
On Tuesday, he was sentenced to declare his judgment on behalf of the MD party, since the loss of his life by Morgan Tsvangirai, the majority are asking who really belongs to Richard Morgan Tsvangirai or to the Harvest House.
The attack announced that Mrs. Thokozani Khupe was not in charge of M DC-T and that it would be released within three months.
On the contrary, attending the major political party is a little harder because of the two active members, Ian Makone and Reverend Tim Neil ( or, Church of the Province of Central Africa ).
Charlton Hwende, chief secretary-general of Alliance, believes that these two are the only ones who can visit the facilities.
In 2014, Douglas Mwonzora, supposed secretary-general of the party, announced that the party was in control of Makone and Neil.
On the contrary, they are convinced that they are not free to work there and that we cannot interact with and listen to Mr. Makone and Neil.
I love vice president, ob Sikhala indicates that there has been leopards in St Marys, in thehitungwiza area, where advocates of the party are fleeing from their homes.
Sikhala, a Zengeza West congressman, claims that a police office called a Bangwe is looking for political backing.
We also tried to interrupt our conversation with the Master, who did not want to answer the questions.
Studi 7 failed to interrupt a conversation with police spokesman, Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi, as to why this policeman wanted to defend the defenders.
On the contrary, it has been announced that the day in which advocates of MD will be interpreted is intended to stop the demonstrations intended to be conducted in all the countries.
The last month of Sikhala ’ s rescue, charged with threatening Emmerson Mnangagwa ’ s government, has been charged with having more than 7 people run away from their homes because they are afraid to be delivered.
More than nine people were rescued at Harare Fiada because of the demonstration performed on that occasion.
I want a demonstration in the city of the country, but the police use the Public Order and the Seyurity Actno to prevent the party from continuing the demonstration.
At Harare, Bulawayo, Gweru and Masvingo, the police have installed tires to prevent them from performing.
Political ambassadors argue that this can also happen in Mutare, where MD love plans to have a demonstration on Birthday.
Haekokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokokupe ’ s M DC-T.
Haek judge, Priscilla Munangati Manongwa announced on Thursday that Ziyambi and Nubes were to be convicted and that they would not be able to stand in the fourth of the M DC-T, since the Constitution of the Economic Republic permits them to spend silver on political parties.
Meanwhile, there would be R7,500M drinks in RTGS.
Experts say that Nelson ’ s prosecutor, MD, went to the bank, where Mrs. Khupe had written that advocates of prosecutors were being removed from the Steward Bank from those who were able to borrow money from the party.
Luke Tamborinyoka, assistant spokesman for the inquisitive M DC-T, expressed his appreciation for the judgment.
On the other hand, Morgen Komiorohi, who claimed to be the leader of the party, announced that he would use schemes to obtain funds because he was the leader of the party ( that is, to make a public declaration that he did not use politicians to obey the highest law of the party and that he was not permitted to take the lead in the party.
Mr. Tamborinyoka, on the other hand, says that quarreling can take some of the money because the Midianites took it by his name and went to the parliament.
Yet, Komiodhi argued that the hammer and the others had to obey the law.
But did Harare ’ s lawyer, Kudazi Kadzere say that the court ruling could continue within ten days.
Ziyambi told the studio 7 on swindlers that they could interfere with the court orders within ten days.
It is also impossible to listen to the moon Mudenda, head of the courtroom, and the money-care worker, since their names are in the jury card.
On the other hand, some lawyers have claimed that they have refused to give back their arguments and that they do not agree to the case and that the funds will be returned to the prosecutor.
6.Wei is not the first time my loved ones are fighting for this coin.
Later, in 2006, U.S. secretary-general Welshman Nube fought Tsuangirai in the month of Ahinime, 2005, and he heard the notifacts from the CDD, Mr. Ysvangirai, a high-ranking member of the parliament, received no money.
Zimbabweni, Dr. Rita Nyampinya, a member of Female Prisoners Suport Trust for women in prison, expressed his joy in receiving the 2020 International Women of aourage Award.
The award commemorates the fine works performed by women outside the world and is awarded by the United States Dpartment of International Relations.
Dr. Nyampinga said that he never thought of earning this prize and said that he was so happy to count it among branches from all corners of the globe.
Dr. Nyampiga offered to travel to different prisons in the United States to learn about prison conditions so that they could work hard in the country.
Dr. Nyampinga said that their work requires courage and that they are happy to see their work done.
During the talk at the assembly, the secretary of the State of International Relations, Miohael Pompeo said that the work of these twelve women is appreciative and requires courage.
Thro the past four decades, this work was neglected.
They have not received any of these titles from Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Nioaragua, Pakistan, Syria, Yemen, and Zimbabwe.
Mr. Pompey acknowledged the importance of this work, since it permits it to be used only to facilitate it in every corner of the globe.
Speaking at the assembly,,, an elderly woman in the United States, Melania Trump, expressed her appreciation for the work that women on the outside of the world are doing with regard to personal well-being.
Mr. Pompey relates that he encountered women selected to be be bear arms and that during the past four decades, women have continued to meet amazingly performed women around the globe. * There are many problems they encounter as they do this work, but they do not give up.
Dr. Nyampinga announced that he had embarked on a personal conflict three decades earlier.
If we dismissed her team, she would come from the Women Coalition Of Zimbabwe, therises in Zimbabwe, the Coalition, Women Aademy on Political Leadership Exoellenoe and the Women and Aids Support Network.
Other parts of Zimbabwe have also received such items as Ms. to Williams, Ms. Wagadonga Mahlangu, Ms. to Mukoko and Ms. Beatriots.
The Ministry of Health said that he had asked South Africa to investigate the Corona virus in Zimbabweni, a woman who had arrived on Tuesday from house to house.
South Africa ’ s National Institute of ununiable Disease has specialists in the northern part of South Africa who can or have not identified Coronavirus.
At the Wilkins Hospital in Harare, Dr. Portia Manangazira, a medical specialist, announced that during the five days, the mother would be diagnosed with the disease.
Smaller vessels and ships from ZUPCO have caused man ’ s flight to stop, causing crowds to flee to the boat despite the nation ’ s struggle to put COVID-19 to death in the country.
Many are suffering on their trips and in the early hours of the day when they have to force themselves into the few vessels there.
To prevent the spread of COVID-19 diseases, the government has decreed that only the ZUPCO ships are allowed to transport passengers.
But ships do not want to work because the ZUPCO does not pay them early.
On the night, private ships assembled with the ZUPCO officials to try to hide any problems that the drivers ’ salary was in the best position.
On Tuesday, the ships were scheduled to meet the government officials in order to repair the garbage.
Studi 7 has also failed to understand ZUPCO ’ s reaction to the repairs of heavy ships.
But the head of the Harare Residents Turst, Preoious Shumba, argued that the government had to settle the matter of travel in a short time before boxes would go out of hand.
Lions suggests that the government has to send policemen and soldiers to the ships to ensure that the people obey the laws stipulated to help extend the yard.
They also insisted that health officials check HIV or COVID-19.
Bulawayo ’ s companies, as well as many other companies, met the city officials to imagine the effects of the severe rainfall, which took place some time ago.
The secretary-general of associationfor Business in Zimbabwe (ABUZ ) Viotor Nyoni that the floodwaters have ruined their jobs because the workers need water for their jobs.
Mr. Nyoni suggests that the Kansere officials he met had promised to get water for the next week and that the Kansere officials would steal their work for the end of this week.
For two weeks Bulawayo ’ s inhabitants had no access to water, even though the Kansere was repairing the water.
The key is that the source of water is reduced.
Mr. Nyoni says that the Bulawayo city is well-known for more than a hundred and twenty years.
He summoned the government and Kansere to take steps to solve the problem once and for all time.
studio 7 failed to listen to Kansere ’ s resentment.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, in the name of the emergency surgeon, announced that the surgeons had met the president after Wukuada, waiting to hear Emmerson Mhmagwa, the president.
The money collector of the assembly, Dr. Prince Butau, suggests that he is watching to hear something from Mr. Mnangagwa on Thursday or Fifty.
Immediately, the resting-place, Mr. Mnangagwe, came to settle the case of the rebellious doctors.
The noise in the hospital is confused from the time the doctors put their equipment down on the first day of the boy ’ s life.
But the chief executive of themunity Working Group on Health, Mr. Itai Rusike,, recommended that the government settle any problems quickly and give doctors money before bottles go out of hand.
A group of Zimbabwean people in South Africa are presenting a demonstration at the Groote Snoeno Hospital, in theape Town,, where the vice president, onstantino uhiwenga, is receiving nursing care.
Mr.hinwenga was sent to another country in South Africa to cure herself but had no evidence that she was in the hospital in South Africa.
Advertisers Monioa Mutsvangwa and Reporters Niok Mangwana said nothing about the day they rescued George aharamba when they spoke to them on the 7th floor in Zimbabwe.
But stud 7 was unable to interrupt a conversation with the haramba about the fact that she was in the hospital for treatment.
Another Zimbabweni, known as the arloshimbi who lives in theape Town, joined the Zimbabwean exhibition.
A hunter acknowledged his regret that the vice president of the country had trampled on the rights of disabled people, knowing that if he got sick, he would go abroad for nursing.
He said that he was happy that he had been able to share these words with the hospital when the hospital elder asked him to speak to him but did not say that Mr. was in the hospital or that he was not.
Ahimbi announced that the head of the whiskers had told her that it was illegal to speak to patients who would come to the hospital without the hospital.
During the past year, doctors dismissed their devices and irritated the public that the doctors did not know how to work, but the government did not take strict measures to eradicate the healing problems on the heads.
When heart surgery occurs,, Groote Church Hospital is the first in the world.
The police have urged the MD party, who are not in the government, to hold their big assembly tomorrow, and their leader, Nelson ’ s quarrel, will announce the partiality of the party during the year.
Near the end of their hunger-stricken convention in Harare, assistant secretary-general Luke Tamborinyoka told the police that their big assembly had been closed and the school was being closed.
Tamborinyoka said that the big assembly will not be held tomorrow because I do not love the political party and want to be attacked by the police.
He announced that it was clear that the police wanted to compete with their supporters as they did when the political party decided to demonstrate the whole country.
He announced that the convention, entitled “ Agenda 2020, ” which held the Ms Musodzi Hall in Mbare would be held on Tuesday the following week and that the convention site would be closed.
Mr. Tamboinyoka announced that MDs are tired to be identified as a political party and are concerned about breaking the law or changing their plans.
We could not hear anything from Zimbabwe ’ s police spokesman, Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi because his ancient phonographs had been extinguished.
Political ambassador Masimba Kuohera rebuked 7 for suspecting that politicians are violating the rights of the MP.
Within a month of the preceding year, the ZRP inserted the TB on a national exhibition in the town, fearing that the exhibition would lead to as much violence as it did at the end of the day.
This year the award is awarded to Ethiopia ’ s prime minister, Abiy Ahmed, Norway.
He was slapped because of the peace he brought between his country and Eritrea, some two decades earlier.
The first Biblical candidate for this award was Albert Luthuli of South Africa in 1960.
These include Nelson Mandela of South Africa, Anwar Sedat of Egypt, and Kofi Annan of Ghana.
These have also been awarded by Arhbishop Desmond Tutu,, Liberian president Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Wangari Maathai of Kenya.
The prime minister of Zimbabwe, Morgan Tsvangirai, was dismissed, and those who could receive the prize in 201ll could not receive it.
Dr. Pedzisayi Ruhanya of University of Johannesburg has announced that Emmerson Mnangagwa, president of the university, has so much to learn from Ahmed ’ s politicians.
An increasing number of elephants and animals are dying in Hwange National Park because of famine and thirst, and the government is planning to keep the elephants alive.
We went to studio 7 in Hwamge National Park, where we saw dozens of elephants starving and thirsting.
Tinashe Pharawo, spokesman for Zimbabwe ’ s Parks and Wildlife Management Authority ( Zim Parks ), said that from the beginning of the month, eight elephants have died and two hundred species have died of starvation this year.
The Pharaohs added that besides the famine, many elephants and animals have lost their lives because of the loss of food and water.
For one elephant to eat, it would require about 200 pounds [ 500 kg ] of food and about two gallons [ (200 L ) of water and more.
ZimParks now claims to have some 45,000 elephants in the area.
zoologists claim that Zim Parks ’ number is not accurate, and they are doing so to sell elephants.
The sufferer of the elephants and the rest of the animal life, Advoaates4Earth kuo, Lenin, admits that he dies from starvation and is among those who do not believe in the Zimpark list.
The Hwange National Park is hungry for the government ’ s counsel to have jewelry dug down in the area and to demand that such a thing be done in the area.
But Mr. Pharaoh acknowledged that he was concerned about the idea that the elephants and the animals there had risen to the heavens by performing good work on the part of his crew, adding that the animals could come to their presence.
Zimbabwe and some northern countries, including Botswana, insist that the International oonvention on the Trade at Endagered allow them to sell their elephants as their number moves forward.
Thirty-three lives have been killed in this year alone.
AT THE ITES conference in Geneva,, Switzerland, during the month of the sunshine, the,ako objected to the removal of the tablets on the opposite sides of the ears.
Emmanuel Fundira, executive of the Safari Operators association of Zimbabwe, announced that it would be necessary for ITES and those who are hasty to recognize the problems these elephants have caused in Zimbabwe and in other countries.
The minister of transportation and tourism,, Nqobizitha Ndlovu, said in studio 7 that the government is trying to cooperate with other countries to support ITES.
They also said that arrangements could be made for the elephants to be transported to other countries of ITES.
Hwange National Park opened in 1928, the largest in the country.
More than ten thousand square miles [ 14,000 sq km ] were the animal dwellings under the control of 2000 elephants.
The secretary-general of the Footballers Union of Zimbabwe, Fuz, Paul Gundani, died on the afternoon of Kwekwe Wukuada, a short period of illness.
The exact origin of the death has not yet been identified.
FUZ that Gundani died at the Topomasi Private Hospital in the city of Kwekwe.
The soccer team wore a huge hole and struck it with death and could hardly believe it because of their sincere efforts to help the players.
The Gundani player for Zisáo Steel, who returned to Young Warriors, and continued to play forWarriors ’ weaknesses, called “ Dream Team ” by Reinard fabisahuh.
FUZ ’ s advertising office,, Marlene Gadzirayi, announced that she was surprised to learn that Gundani was somewhere.
Mr. Gundani said : “ I have always felt sorry for them, and I have always heard that they are missing, but I don ’ t know what Mr. Gundani did. ”
Mrs. Gadzirayi, who says that the country has lost a prominent soccer star, continues that she has heard nothing of Mr. Gundani ’ s funeral and is waiting for his time to be buried with the family.
The Zimbabwe Football association ( zebra ) predicts that the death of the, Gundani is a tragedy and that they will support the family in all funeral arrangements.
Xolisani Gwesele, a Zifa Communications worker, said that the death of a Gundani is a tragedy for the whole country and that it is difficult to find a person who has a romantic love for him.
Gwesela insinuated, “ Peace for Paul Gundani ”
Robert Mugabe ’ s body was not lured into his home in Zyimba ; his wife, Grace Mugabe, was sick.
Some of the relatives say that the corpse will fall on Zyimba Dada.
Today, this afternoon in Zyimba, a thousand people await the body of Mugabe the president.
A spokesman for the Mugabe family, Leo Mugabe, announced that the Mugabe body had been found today and that he did not know why King Zyimba had sent it.
Leo Mugabe said that the corpse would come home early in the morning.
But King Katizagombo, also known as Gibson ’ s cheenami, suggests that the corpse does not fit Zyimba because Mrs. Grace Mugabe was sick.
King Katizogombo also announced that the corpse would be in the house on the day of burial.
However, this was the opposite of Leo Mugabe ’ s prediction that the Mugabe corpse would be in the hands of his family, hoping to complete the precious burial in it.
governor Mugabe has prepared the erroneous o system, and most people are compassionate about the arrival of the Mugabe corpse or not in the third day of burial.
Leo Mugabe said that the corpse of Mugabe would be in Zyimba one day and that the corpse would be taken to the burial site of Harare,.
Leo Mugabe announced that people had come to need one place at the home of the president of Mugabe in Harare.
For nine months after his refusal to go to the banket, a member of the state-sponsored M DC-T party, under Nelson ’ s complaint in charge of his death in Zyimba today, Lloyd Tarubwa of the Banket, said that, had come to see that governor Mugabe was indeed dead.
Many in the country have been amazed at how Mr. Mugabe ’ s funeral was performed, believing that his death was the result of Mr. Mugabe ’ s experience while he was sitting on a chain.
Mr. Mugabe died in Singapore during the ninth month and during the sixth day of his long illness.
The Amalgamted Rural Teachers Union, or ARTuz, team of teachers in Zimbabwe says that Godfrey theanda, one of its headquarters officials, spent two hours without a human answer.
In the Middle East, however, the kingdom of ARTuz ’ starvation has been abandoned, insisting that he not meet the mourners of Gweru.
ARTUZ ’ s vice-general, Obert Masaraure, said that the release of the hando from the rebellion of the warrior turned out to be a period of two days.
The Masaraure says that a team of warriors is also rebelling in an effort to help the team.
The program ended on Wednesday.
But Masaraure said that a meeting would be held after the rebellion and that a step would be taken.
We have been unable to meet the minister of the apaadie, Miss Sekai Nzenza, and ask the government ’ s position on the matter but not his cell phone.
Platinum slides in AF Champions League have caused many people to ask questions about Zimbabwe ’ s slides.
Of course, the two remaining games of the game — the, Platinum — will be able to compete with the Esperanoue, who has eight children, or the seven-born Horoya Athletian club, which was defeated at their own home and elsewhere in Horoya.
On these occasions, only one of F. Platinum ’ s successes in four games is being won in favor of a glorious spectator, Spenoriser Mushambadope.
Mushambadope claims that the rest of the game has no success.
The first part of the barracks was removed the year before, when Lunda again found them in their home.
During the second and seventh millenniums,, knuckles of the United had not affected the eight squares, and they were not included in four debts from Lybia, two of which were heard in their own home.
That same year, while Angola Libolo defeated them, the Ngezi Platinum Stars, who were taking the lead in Zimbabwe in the field of unfederation, embarked on the first side of the campaign.
During the second and sixteenth millenniums, Harare Citya, a member of the same barracks, graduated from the first portion of the barracks, one at Rufaro Stadium and 3-1 in Zambia.
This means that the local club is unable to stand in front of the other team, just as Dinamos in the past decades had successfully completed the final championship in one hundred and ninety-eight times as well as in two and eight thousand times as well as in semi-finals.
Even more painful is the fact that $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $ 1, $
The question is, what is said about the country ’ s gambling campaigns in connection with the conquest of Zimbabwe ’ s rest group?
chief advocate of the United Nations, Tinashe Musebi se, says that it takes a lot of stimulation for Zimbabwe to become a youth for Lesotho, Botswana and Swaziland.
The team was unable to compete in Abibirem, since all the villagers who were helped to capture the cities were going abroad during the district convention in South Africa.
During the past year, Platinum, who won the award of Rodwell ’ s champion in Baroka, suffered the loss of Gerald Tak Mara, Elvis ’ shipezeze and the failure of Talent.
However, Johnhikoi, who took the lead in lengthens in the Lengthens soccer team and won the Premier League, said that Zimbabwe had expanded its soccer game in the country so that the soccer team could pay back moms that would prevent them from traveling to South Africa and Zambia.
Zifa ’ s final year was the second millennium and the fifth.
Samuel Masepe, a gladiatorial musician, says that Zimbabwe has no gladiatorial gifts and that some want to make music or something else because of their wages.
This would be a long time before the country ’ s international team could compete with the African monarchs.
The chain on the Democratic Party in the US chain announcing the election in the month of Obubuo shattered the final vote for New York Mayor Mihohael Bloomberg.
Bloomberg, who has become very wealthy, refuses to stand in his party ’ s office by-election in an invitation to betray the president of RePublican ’ s political spokesman Donald Trump.
The year before, Mr. Bloomberg announced that they were approaching the political party for over $400M, which they owned.
Neither did he stand in by-election, in Iowa nor New Hampshire, nor did he stand in by-election, in Navada and South, during the election campaign of four provinces to represent the Democratic Party.
When Bloomberg decided to go to the office of ambassador, politicians, such as Berniade Sanders, who stood on the sides of Vermont, and Elizabeth Warren, who stood on the sides of the Massaohusetts, began to misrepresent his history.
Speaking during the major meeting of the Nevada party, Mr. Sanders said that in order to win the conquest of Mr. Trump, his political party needed someone who could gather more armies than any other in Am Erica ’ s history.
Mr. Sanders said that Mr. Bloomberg was a well-known person in New York and that he planned to hunt him to find the Negroes and the Latinos unfavorably and that this step has contributed to the public ’ s increasing demand for Trump ’ s arrival during the month of Obubuo.
But Bloomberg quoted Mr. Sanders as saying that Mr. Sanders, who is taking the lead in the campaign, has been appointed president of the Democratic Party for the next four years in Mr. Trump ’ s campaign.
Frank Guni, a political chairman of the Zanu PF party, said that the barrier itself was clearly standing between Sanders and Bloomberg. It was clear that Sanders now had many supporters.
Guni remembers that Bloomberg and Sanders stumble in the champion ’ s arms in order to win the battle against Trump.
Some representatives of the Democratic Party say : Bararak Obama ’ s successor deceived, to Biden ; Minnesota senta Amy Klobuouhar and me old in South Bend, Indiana, as well as the widow of Pete Buttigieg.
The Democratic Party has 3,979 dligates, and before being appointed to take the lead, the president has 1,990 dligates.
In addition to the dligetes, we have special dligates, which may include 4,750 dligets in the month of our Democratic assembly in the Wiswonsin, and 2,200 of the funeral attendance.
Many people go to bank early in the morning, believing that it would permit them to go to the world ’ s largest bank but not according to their wishes.
Studies by studio 7 of the banks in Harare, Bulawayo,hinhoyi Masvingo, Mutare, Gweru and the rest of the cities indicate that there are no new bank accounts and that most banks have not already been able to pay the people.
osam Marwira, a member of the banker, said that she had waited for the same money one day when she heard the news announcing a new one.
Mr. Marwira pointed out that he was so concerned about buying money on the platform and said that people like him might be able to get money from a bank free.
A salesman who did not want his name to be used for the market also told studio 7 that he was looking forward to the new money but found nothing.
RBZ, ’ s mother-in-law recently announced that, would introduce a new banking system that is believed to affect the country ’ s poverty.
Governor-general of the RBZ, John Mangudya, has announced that he will bring $2M and $ 2.5M as much as he does today.
The president of the Bankers association of Zimbabwe, Webster Rusere, suggested that the bank account be relied solely on the RBZ.
The mismanagement of the economy has led to controversy, some of which say that it serves as an example of retribution to those who are grieving for money.
Zimbabwean survivors in South Africa are very impressed by the burning work, which they think is one of South African citizens who are reluctant to find work for foreigners.
South Africa ’ s police commissioner, Bheki Jele ; the traveling minister,, Fikile Mbalula ; and the prime minister, Thulas Nxesi, hold meetings with truck drivers. Employers and employers warned against punishing truck drivers.
Jele warned drivers of large ships that if they were hit by fire, they would be spared because they were ruining the economy.
But two hours later, when the talk was finished, a large debt was placed at N2 in Durban.
A spokesman for the police, Superinendent Parboo Sewpersad announced that another ship had been set up.
On the weekends, ten hundred ships, mostly unwanted by the Zimbabweans, were set aside by fire in KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng.
The president of Zimbabwe ’ s Exiles Forum, Gabriel Shumba said that there were boats on the SA mountains and that the roads had been blocked.
On his defense of the South African Zimbabwe Exemption Permits, Edward Muohatuta announced that he and a number of other drivers were also involved in a campaign to invite the government into the case.
One of the drivers, George Nanyika, has called for a conversation.
Davie Munadawafa,, another driver, announced that she was afraid of losing her life.
You can only imagine that most drivers don ’ t know about their future.
South Africa ’ s chief of police, Bheki Jele, warned that terrorist attacks by terrorist attacks helped to halt the debt.
Lions tells studio 7 that the problem is the fact that South Africa ’ s citizens have already demanded that people move from country to country.
Shumba, on the other hand, has accused the reporter of failing to rebuild the message.
Lions went on to say that their company had written to visitors in South Africa and Zimbabwe asking them to work together to solve this problem.
Dewa Mavhinga, district director of Human Rights Wath, in the North, challenged this situation and exhorted any passengers to refrain from traveling at night.
The country ’ s economic downturn is driving the Zimbabweans to work in South Africa, and this has resulted in a riot because South African towns are speaking of foreigners who are unemployed.
He ordered the police not to place a seventh head of Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctors ’ association-sponsored Dr. Peter Magombeyi for treatment in South Africa on the tenth day of the month when he was beaten and beaten.
The United States is offering Zimbabwe another $42M to buy food for a million people from the preceding month to the sale of, 2020
villagers in Gwanda, in the southern part of Matabeleland, told studio 7 that there are no basic toads in the days of the government and that private companies are doing some good.
Donald Trump, president of the United States, will address the United Nations party in New York.
I love the leaders and Harare Citykansere gather to find ways to deal with the city ’ s water problems.
At about eight o ’ clock in the evening, the World Health Organization ( World Health Organization ) discusses how youths can contribute toward the financial security of the country so that the youths do not leave the country for a better life in other countries to escape the harassment of foreigners.
If you would like to hear this office or to send STUDY 7, use whatsoever ’ s number 001-202-465-03 18.
You would like to have our time at seven o ’ clock in the morning, 909 am, 4930 ; 6040, and 15460 kilohts in Short Wave each.
In the Short Wave, you can listen to studio 7 at six o ’ clock, Monday through Fiada at 909am, 4920, 7270 and 9885.
In Zimbabwe and around the world, the International Women ’ s day was celebrated, in which many women are saying that they are often compelled because the elders in the country don ’ t care about themselves and give them the same rights.
It is true that the Zimbabweans have a high standard of equality between women and men, but many of the women whom we spoke to indicate that they are not interested in government officials, politicians, or organizations to make sure that this event will take place.
Lawyer, also a lawyer, Mrs. ʹy Maéome, told Studi 7 that women in the country are in the highest stress as a result of male abstinence in adulthood.
There it is said that it is a great privilege to be able to bring the road between men and women near if they obey the law.
The president of Zimbabwe ’ s Women Lawyers associationano, Abigail Matsvai, told studio 7 that today is an urgent day urging government officials to comply with the law that guarantees equal rights for men and women.
One member of the masculinity class, Miss Tsungirai Hungwe-himbunde, reprimanded studio 7 for the need for clarity of education in order to explain to the public the value of equality between men and women.
He says that his ministry is making an earnest effort to engage in discussions with various political parties and to allow permissiveness in the arrow so that the majority of the women can struggle for axes.
The highlight of this year ’ s celebration is the Think Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for a dane.
According to Mr. Maeome, in the case of the headline in 2023, the question is based on the ability of the lion to produce the equal number of lionesses among men and women.
Mrs. Matsvai has also supported this reform party in the leadership capacity.
Mr. Maéome added that women must join them in fighting and under siege.
He said that it is clear that the majority of men in the party do not want to leave, and that is why they are wrestling with women.
The International Women ’ s Day, held on the eighth day of the year, is celebrated to demonstrate women ’ s participation in business, politics, and other departments.
This government-inspired project was held in Gokwe, in the Middle East, and was conducted by various organizations in one place after another.
Advertising agencies, including Zimbabwe ’ s Human Right Commission, also announced that it is not easy for women to move because of financial problems.
Zimbabwe ’ s peace Prroject, in turn, portrayed the campaign as a battle against oppressors, especially during the national exhibition.
The apaadie offers the unemployed for forty-eight hours to get off to work because their rebellion is illegal.
Apaadie ’ s judges Rodgers Manyangadze and Lawrenadoe Murasi have given doctors two days to work.
The bullet also answered that the children ’ s doctors and the government had been given two weeks to settle the problem.
The president of Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctors ’ associationkrakire seduced Doctor Masimba Ndoro, who said that the doctors would not be allowed to go to work in spite of the accident.
Studi 7 asked him that if they did not give in to pressure, they would not be afraid to lose their job, Dr. Ndoro, and said that the employers had to do whatever they had to do to go to work.
Loyya for Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors ’ Statue, Doug oltart suggests that she doesn ’ t have the motives.
he also noted that if the doctors wanted to, he would have the right to go to the dumbfoot to make a public declaration of the judgment.
studio 7 has failed to hear the accusations of the minister of health, Dr. Obadiah Mayo and Health Service Board.
The doctors laid down their equipment and struck a number of unemployed goats.
The superintendent doctors also wear a quiet, silent night in the room, claiming that their salary and hospital conditions are not the same.
The US government has announced that the province of Maniolaland has been destroyed by elephant idai and that the population will continue to suffer as a result.
Conversing Studi 7 with the U.S. ambassador, the director-general of the USAID herdsman, Jason Taylor, said that they and his organizations are working hard to build roads and build damaged buildings, looking for food to save lives.
Taylor pointed out that the tsunami in the province of Maniolaland was so severe that the Zimbabwe government alone could not bear it.
Taylor, who visited the province of Manielaland and sent food supplies to them, suggests that he was surprised to see people in the region trembling.
He said that the children he saw were saddened by, pointing out the importance of sustenance, food, and shelter for the inhabitants of Maniolaland.
Taylor announced that the commander and thehipinge were unable to find those who claimed that they had no support from the government because of their political party membership.
USAID asks the Zimbabwe government to send experts to Zimbabwe to tell the Zimbabweans how to know when and where the storm will occur and how to protect people and property.
The image of the elephant Idai makes the United States $2.6M in Zimbabwe.
Zimbabwe ’ s government, the United Nations and NGOs, has set up an agency to pay $60M to care for the debt of the elephant Idai.
It is estimated that 300,000 people in the province of Maniolaland need help and that 129,00 are children.
Nine bulldozers destroyed a hundred and three hundred schools, causing 90,000 students to fall asleep.
The government says that 300 people were counted, 399 lost their lives.
Expectations are being made to increase the population.
Some patients say that they are seeking medical treatment abroad because child-care authorities have rebelled and are heavenly so that they could die in hospitals where there is no cure.
Studies conducted by studio 7 indicate that some patients are traveling to other countries, such as South Africa, Botswana and Zambia, to obtain health care for the rebellion of child-care professionals.
One of the patients with whom we spoke in Parirenyatwa,, Miss Molline ahindove, said that she visited the hospital regularly for treatment but that there was nothing to happen.
Mrs. Hindove said that she was going to South Africa for nursing care because she feared that she would be killed when her legs fell in the water.
One of his relatives, Fiona Muhabaiwa, said that she had no choice but to take him to Zambia for health care tomorrow and that he was expensive.
Studies conducted by studio 7 indicate that the number of hospitals in the country that have been closed is increasing, and more people are struggling to get medical attention from the state hospital.
Wilbert Kasanze said that he had taken his wife from the royal General Hospital to visit him in the private hospital inhitungwiza.
Kasanze says that each truck has lost all its savings from the hail to thehitungwiza.
The Health Services Board has announced that recreation-oriented children will be on their way back to work as soon as possible.
The Creator also urged all the rebels to set aside their jobs so that they could return their employment licenses.
This is the result of the words of the vice president, unstantino dehiwenga, urging all the rebels not to give up their duties.
But Zimbabwe ’ s Doctors for Human Rights says that the government has dismissed custodial custodians as illegal because custodians do not have funeral certificates.
Lionel Messi, a football player for Argentina, and the Barcelona football team in Spain refused to play for Argentina anymore without even taking a cup.
Meanwhile, on the second battle in Argentina for the second battle in Argentina for the second battle in Argentina for the second battle of the Am Erica game in the United States.
The argenian goat Sergio Romero was unable to do anything about the golden Gift of Argentina, which was played by Francisca Silva.
Both nations fought straight in front of the 82,000 in East Rutherford, New York, New York.
All the countries where the Am Erica is wiped are located in North and South Am Erica.
During the last three years, Argentina won 4-2 buckles in the panaatis during the free battle.
Then Mary appealed to Tyos Sports to play ball for Argentina again because she could not take the cup even though it was a mystery.
Messi is twenty-nine years old.
Barcelona won four cups of the Champions League, and Argentina won ’ t win either Am Erica or World.
Patients in Bulawayo are unable to find nursing in the city government hospital because of a four-day revolt of doctors.
When studio 7 arrived at the hospital in Mpilo, some patients who were seriously ill, such as pregnant women who had been battered by their buyers, were forced to return home.
One of the parents, Mr. Dlamini and studio 7, told her that she had returned home with a swollen leg and that she could not be contacted.
We would like to talk to Mr. Leonard Mabande, executive director of the hospital, and say that Zolani Ndlovu, the chief executive of the office of Michal, is so busy that he can ’ t talk to him now.
The facilities in the United Bulawayo hospital have been closed for permission to go home. Dr Naraisaus Dzvanga, director of the hospital ’ s office, announced that the hospital no longer welcomes patients except those who have serious illnesses.
Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctors association spokesman, Dr. Mthabisi conto says that doctors are still using their technology despite pressures from the government and that they have not heard anything from the government.
Dr Ndlovu explains the fault of the hospital that requires that they go to work because they do not have the chemical and social necessities.
studio 7 and Dr. Obadiah Moyo, a health minister, cannot listen to the government ’ s cheating on the matter.
However, Dr. Moyo ’ s assistant, Dr. John Mangwiro, reprimanded studio 7 for the fact that they are now out of the country, and Dr. Gerald Gwinnei, secretary-general of the Ministry, failed to deal with us personally.
Doroas Sibanda, coordinator of the Bulawayo Metropolitan province, in a conversation with studio 7, announced that the surgeon ’ s intervention had been slowed down for some time and that it was tragic that the government had neglected to see some people lose their lives.
On Saturdays, government doctors laid down their equipment, and most of them were in state-sponsored hospitals.
Barry Daka, a coconucer and coconucer for the Highlanders, died when he became sick at the age of sixty-one.
His daughter, Lorraine, rebuked studio 7 as having lost her father in their home in Barbourfield today.
He said that he was sick Kwasiada while he was on a concert at Barbourfields Stadium and that he was believed to be late.
The Highlanders falsely accused them of agonizing their death, adding that they were weeping in the lamentations of family members and others.
The club pointed out that Mr. Daka had started his koog business in 1986 and had given them a number of cups, including the Independence, thehibuku Trophy, Rothmans Shield, and the Net Brew, as well.
Mr. Daka ’ s plans have not yet been made for uprightness.
At the United Nations General Assembly in New York the next month, Thomas Mapfumo, a chief musician, says, will be among the Zimbabwean protesters against their president, Robert Mugabe.
Mr. Mapfumo said that it is important for the Zimbabweans to show that they are dissatisfied with what is going on in their country and that it is a responsibility for the children of the people to act if they do not.
Mr. Mapfumo says that he will not spend six hundred hours during the demonstration and will cooperate with the Zimbabweans to inform the world government, the prime minister, Mugabe, that there is a need for a change of number in the country.
Mapfumo told studio 7, “ I am a mosquito but in New York I will join others in protest against the corruption and oppression that the Mugabe government is promoting to Zimbabwe.
This drama will be joined by a group named #Thisflag, represented by the clergyman Evans Mawarie, the Taamuka kuo Outside Africa Unity Square, NG Os, and various political supporters of Zimbabwe.
Among those present will be Patson Dzamara, a younger brother of Ittai Dzamara, a guerrilla warrior who lost her last year.
The Amalgamated Rural Teachers of Zimbabwe (ARTUZa indicates that there has not been any interchange between their government and teachers to solve the problems of teachers.
Obert Masaure, director of ARTUZ, explained to studio 7 that it is unthinkable for the company to find students who do not have enough to pursue supplementary education, the elderly and the poor teachers.
The Masaraure explained that since the teachers and their relatives are low-income students, they are writing out and looking for a new job.
We cannot talk to the minister of education, Dr. Paul Mavhima, and listen to him.
The Worldwide Declaration of the month of Ahinime, which has been set aside for proclaiming women ’ s cancer epidemics, suggests that Zimbabwe ’ s associationists are concerned that there are no people in the country who know about the disease.
According to this agency ’ s report, cancer addicts consult mental-health practitioners before consulting volunteers to help care for cancer patients.
Priscilla Mangwiro, chairman of Zimbabwe ’ s women ’ s associations, has concluded that those who have been infected with it must consult professional cancer therapists for nursing.
Mrs. Mangwiro points out that it is important for people of palate to go to hospitals to check their bodies to see if they are exposed to layers of cancer hidden from spells and nursing cancer.
Mrs. Mangwiro claims that breast cancer is the second epidemic of chronic cancer in Zimbabwe.
Mr. Mangwiro said that from the start of the first day of Ahinime, when the cancer was announced to the public, his company and over half a century of women had tested to see whether they had or not the metal and that the numbers would rise up until the end of the month.
Upon hearing about the Nanoer association office in Zimbabwe, a woman named Gertrude Magwaniza announced that she had taken her daughter there and that she had cancer among her nurses.
Mrs. Mangwira suggests that many ingredients are responsible for women ’ s developing prostate cancer.
Mrs. Mangwira admitted that they should be alert to changes in women ’ s health to determine whether they have cancer or not.
Mrs. Mangwiro said that most women think that if they have cancer, they will die, but more is needed for women to survive the world.
One cause of cancer, says Mrs. Mangwiro, is an abundance of foods containing oils and sugar.
Mrs. Mangwiro has advised women to use this opportunity to test their cancer and to give them knowledge about the substance.
More than five thousand people are infected each year, and most people will be taken to the doctors by deadly diseases.
Federal Petroleum, Petrotrade, says that the government continues to impose a rule on the sale of or the sale of exhausted oil.
The president of the Petro vendor deceived the Godfrey Nube in his deceptive scheme, promoting that this would be possible if the company was given the opportunity to buy or sell oil as much as they owned.
Mr. Nubuce agreed that this would raise prices but that it was the only way the country could solve the problem.
Mr. Nubes waited for government oil to decrease oil prices in the country and increase the production of oil in the future.
Mr. Naduube claims that the government ’ s example of exhausted oil is that during the six months preceding the previous year,,, sold 50 million gallons [ 50 million L ] of oil but in the latter part of the year, only half a million [ 36 million L ].
When asked how he would repair the damaged oil, the scribes for fire fighters, Gloria Magombo insisted that the problem befall those who had placed their silver in the country.
He also claims that the problem is being solved and that it needs the whole nation and not just its ears.
Like the governor of the Central Bank, John Mangudya, Mr. Magombo is suggesting that oil be consumed with the same amount of fuel that your truck consumed, he announced that there was no provision for COVID-19.
Mrs. Magombo announced that he would not be able to establish the timetable, even though Mr. Mangudya told him during the last month of his life that he hoped that until the end of the month of the Red Sea, the item could be used as stated.
According to Dr. Magombo ’ s report, many of the gasoline consumers in the country use the equivalent of the Am Erica dollar.
The Hunger announced the concern that the oil spills were on the rise in the country ’ s biochemical hazards.
On Saturday, Zimbabuees celebrated their thirty-day festival of freedom from white slavery by blacks
This African independence offered hope that one day the white would be freed
But during the last four decades of independence, the country was far worse than having to support its family financially
They say that business dealings do not even make them fear what they are doing or what the future holds out
Health problems are far worse than the country ’ s expectations
On the other hand, those who are working regularly are on their way to the opposite direction
Emmerson Mnanagwa, president of 2017 and general Robert Mugabe, who was disfellowshipped by the army, have caused public confusion
Yet, some of them are not deliberately saying that things are getting out of hand
So for the past four decades, the ZanuPF party has done nothing for the nation
The North ambassador of the Zanu party, Regis harumbira, as their political party has done so much that the blacks have been assigned either to be political or to be political citizens
Mr. Churumbira concluded that his party had completed the investigation of those who had obtained and those who had not yet obtained to do so
However, Timothy Muringai,, assistant secretary-general of the M DC-T north Amérika party, failed to keep his promise.
For centuries trade, health, and commercial services have left home for the vast majority of people
For 18 years, Attorney Ntabazinduna N ministrhlaysywe Ndiroi, or Lord Felix Ndiweni and to the high order for a change of judgment
Ishe and 23 rescuers are rebuilding walls in Feti Mbele, hoping to leave the province of Ntabazinduna
This is what causes the rape to come to Mbele ’ s wife, who has been called a monair.
The judge ’ s respect for kings in his royal line was imposed on the studio 7 by the Lord Ndiweni ’ s attorney, Dumisani Dube,
The famous musician Thomas Mukanya Mapfumo se, looks forward to bringing a song into this month when their equipment is destroyed
This work at the Eugene, Oregon in the United States, Traokdown Studios. Dr. Mapfumo told studio 7 that only 7 of his 15 psalms remained
Haek warrants Heal Zimbabue official, Rashid Mahiya, to have a baeli to be tried at home
The prisoner is faced with a dismissal, but the police have failed to complete the document work
Mahiya ’ s attorney, a member of Zimbabwe ’ s Lawyers for Human Rights, Tonderayi Bhatasara, told studio 7 that he had been fired for $ 1,000 in addition to the $ 1,000 bills received
JUDGESTER ’ S STUDY ARTICLES
Among those who were rescued, Mahiya took the initiative to shoot the government
Speaking with the publisher of Zimbabwe ’ s Medical CenterAssoiation, Saoforisoe ahirisa,, she said that she had obtained a letter from a doctor, paninho, urging her to postpone her job
hirisa,, chief practitioner, said that there has been a lot of work for baby chariots to get the baby doctors to the straike
He said that in order to improve the work, the young doctors needed to work
Mr.hirisa, speaking, said that the number of nurses in the hospitals is increasing because of the absence of some 533 crocodiles
A writer for Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctors Assoiation, Mthabisi Anele dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys dys
The householder was considered involved in a conversation with the government about the doctors living in the house and the presiding officers
Many of their efforts have been criticized in the case of military action
Small doctors say that the government should give them clothes and clothes to use while working and to reimburs their salary
The government, on the other hand, was not able to do what they were saying because they had no money
Notice what the minister of health, Obadiah Moyo, who attended the convention was saying
The labor camp has dismissed the government ’ s counsel because the government did not send any documents
Doug aoltart,, a prosecutor for Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctor‘s association at Labor, argued that no good documents had arrived from Health Services Board,HSB and that they were unable to handle the case
The accusation orderedHSB ’ s lawyers to work on the missing papers
But the doctors insist that they go to court to return to work
The former prime minister of the team,, Masiba Ndoro, said that his work needed a daily expenditure
The doctors rallied to the 3 strains, calling for the use of weapons
The senior doctors of Zimbabwe ’ s Senior Hospital Doctors'association also went to the straekeepers on this unpaid and inexpensive day
The doctors who were taking a letter explained that it is unrealistic for doctors to go to work without the use of weapons
The doctors supported the government with a 60-percent salary that they did not understand
At the same time, two doctors, says the University of Zimbabwe, have been removed from the straeki and have been reversed.
Dr. Bothwell Mbuvayesango has also been convicted and swallowed up in a pediatiric experiment
Dr. Mbuvayesanguo gained a reputation for himself in 2014, while Dr. Wake is near in a heart test.
Zimbabwe ’ s association of Doctors for Human Rights has strongly condemned Dr. Mbuvayesangano
We cannot hear from the University of Zimbabwe or from the government about nursing
But comments from health minister, Health Minister Obadiah Moyo suggest that doctors return to work
Moyo asserted that the government was drawing what was to come from the trial and that the government was going to decide what to do
Doctors rebelled against vow 3 by claiming that they had no money to go to work
The government and the foreign agencies have also dismissed a list of koals for India and empty-hand
When speaking about the vision of the minister of the treaty of Viomtoria ’ s oonsulting, Uinston ’ shitando, government is speaking about the country ’ s negotiations
It is estimated that while Zimbabwe is dropping 25 million tons of koal, it is expected that 3 million tons of koal will go anywhere
He also said that India is the most widely transported country in the year
Emerson Mnanagwa, president of the same convention, said that Zimbabweans cannot fully benefit from the relationship between the two countries
studio 7 has not identified this company, Viotoria onsulting, with whom the company is supervised
On the other hand, the former prime minister,, Gift unhimanike, claims that he does not know why Zimbabweans should be aware of these koal merchants
The necklace, Nyasha Mythologist made the same point
Mr. Muhiwa also said that his relationship with other nations should be put to death
The headline of the minerase department indicates that the koah papa, is 29 locations
Both Hwange branches and Mountain Resouroes, make the most of the koah movements
At Harare Fiada,, the three members of the M DC-T party, led by Nelson ’ s hamisa, are executed and released for $ 1,000 baeli
In speaking, judge Hanolor Bianoro Makwande is quoted as Tendai Biti and Ms. Lynett Karenyi Korean, assistant secretary-general of Ms. Gladys Hlatywayo,, assistant secretary-general Mr Lovemorehinoput,, and assistant secretary-general of the political party, David, and Ms. Vongai Tome.
These men are ordered to pay $1,000 for the home of MDɔ ’ s Morgan Tsvangirai
Ms Makwande said that the victims would be arrested for another 24-hour-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-half-a-half-a-half-half-a-half-a-half-half-a-half-half-a-half-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-half-a-half-half-a-half-half-a-half-half-a-half
Concerning the judgment, one of the studio ’ s 7 volunteers, Aleo Muhdehama,, compelled the people to find out that they were not there to interfere with their work and investigation.
Mr. MuChadehama also explained that although the victims were three victims, the victims were sent back to the police station this morning for violating the law of the 19ovid
The six allies have also spoken on the court ’ s strategy of these individuals
Mr MuChadehama also claims that victims cannot protect themselves and that they cannot handle 19OVIDs in prison
Nelson ’ s chief hunter, Nelson ’ s chief hunter, has said that he will continue to fight for a change in the country despite his victims
Ms. Makwande disagrees with the opinion that the assistant of the political party, Womberaishe Nhende, of the hospital, sleeps in the hospital
In the hospital, Mr. Nhende, who was said to have wounded the linen when he was delivered
In other cases, Zimbabwe ’ s Lawyers for Human Rights claims that he was saved and was being accused of losing $ 300 in the yoke of prime minister Emmerson Mlahagwa
This nephew, Shungudzemoyo Kaohe,, will be brought to trial at home
Using Aguma ’ s anti-HIV /AIDS vaccine, Walter Magaya, who has spoken in Zimbabwe about P HD Ministries, Walter Magaya
Speaking to studio 7, she said that at the end of her prayer on Wednesday night in Francistown, Botswana, Mr. Magya had to sit down and stop her plans for recovering victims of violent crime in 2018 by saying that she had been cured of HOV /AIDS
At the end of her apology for HIV / AIDS, Mr. panawa pays $700 in the midwife
But this did not lure Mr. Magaya into telling studio 7 that he was working with companies that he did not want to know HIV / / /AIDS
Mr. Magaya said that HIV?AIDS is a problem for the Negro, so he urged all nations to work together to obtain a cure for it
He is willing to work with other nations, realizing that Zimbabwe has not planned to eradicate the disease.
Instead, arguments against Magaya in Zimbabwe, Aretha Midioal companyno,, found that if their names have not been registered in the Medioines ’ control Authority of Zimbabwe, and consequently the Health Professions Authority has not authorized them to examine Aguma ’ s medicines for use or for use
Doctors at a hospital in Francistown, Sengaphi Khuzwayo, looked down on Magaya for money
Earlier, Mr. Magaya refused to appear in the country when it became known that he had raped a woman, but the case was dismissed
The absence of the pediatiris in the hospital has caused amphibitioners to go to tribulation in the hospital, such as in the district general Hospital.
Ms. Lisa Sibanda is exhausted from the postpartum depression
Ms. Sibanda says that her youngest daughter died in her womb while she was born on Tuesday but that there was no doctor to help her get the help of a nursing mother to kill her baby
Ms. Sibanda says that the biggest problem she has is that of washing her ervix in the back, causing her illness
Ms. Sibanda said that they are on the way to harvesting problems and that they are not able to get to the rescue facilities at the hospital
Erasmus Zindoga, who brought his wife to Kariba, said that he had no medical help but that he had not come to terms with his decision to care for her
Zindoga said that he had already been driven from Kariba to a 250-mile-long show at the hospital ’ s faulty facilities
We have not heard the number of victims of tribulation in hospitals for recovery from such places as Kariba, Hurungwe, Karoi, Makonde and Zwimba
Doctors don ’ t go to work anywhere in the barracks, advises Mashonaland West head of medicine, Tapiwa Dhliwayo
Rather, he argued that female pregnant women, such as those in a hospital for treatment, should not be treated only by pregnant women.
The spokesman for the CityCouncil,, Tiredhao Mlauzi, announced the last week that, no more than 120,000 residents were on their way to the water tribulation through the devastated three pumps
Kansa associationists Zimbabwe urge the public to allow themselves to investigate their boyfriends as a result of the disease
In Zimbabwe more than 5,000 people are diagnosed annually, and most of them are diagnosed with epilepsy
The group ’ s counselor, neor Mavhu,, suggests that they try to find out what kind of men and women they can help
It has been said that the larger number of people in this country are being killed, especially by males and females
One kansa agency is urging both men and women to take part in the kansa business, hoping to start the first month in the province of Boaz and to celebrate the world ’ s first month
Around the globe, it is expected that they will be in this month and that people will be reminded of what they are doing and how to protect themselves from snares
Ms. Mavhu feels that we don ’ t care for anyone every day so that this disease can be prevented and healed.
The Zimbabweans celebrated their two-year festival on Saturday, using mud slides that afflicted three people at Harare when a group of people came to the streets to express their refusal to accept the 2018 rule
This massacre swept across the globe through columnists from all over the world, inspecting the curfew between Zanu Pfni, Emmerson M Multiagwe and his victim Robert Mugabe.
Mongoagwe and Nelson ’ s deep-seated inquisitors were struggling with the ax.
When the uprising was over, the government heard a census, and this group ’ s spokesman, Kgalema Motlanthe, was South African manpanindada.
This group brought some of these reminders that the soldiers and the policemen had killed and that these had to be punished, demanding that the government pay back the families of the victims
On the other hand, the government does not send victims to schools, and it does not allow policemen and soldiers to submit to the law
Human advocates claim that the government has not voiced a plot to commemorate Motlanthe ’ s tribe
However, prime minister, Monioa Mutsvangwa says that the government is fully aware of the bankruptcy and plans are being made to cover it
The president of the Assembly claims that, has offered to use the rest of the preaching work by the government of Mnangagwe.
Madhuku said that they had warned the government to watch and not want anything for them because they were killed by the army of the state
Human rights expert and Human Rights Wato ’ s Regional Director for North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga also stated that the government had not planned to do what the company had said
Maurhinga says that these events occurred two years ago, but neither soldiers nor soldiers were saved.
Most of the facilities were excavated from the time that the prime minister, Emmerson Mnangagwe, and his prime minister, as well as the legislator, joined all over the country in repairing operations on the day of the nation ’ s expansion
Mnangagwe arrived at Parirenyatwa hospital this morning with his assistants in the rehabilitation work
speaking at the conclusion of the repair work, Mr. Mnangagwe said that this work worked well and would benefit people ’ s lives
He said that he was doing this to remind people that this is what they should do
He also said that people are uncertain about how to quit and that they do not learn from other countries, such as Rwanda, where people no longer turn on garbage and walk on foot
The depot of the African Unity Square and the Meikles Hotel and TM Supermarket staff began the sweeping procession of Simon Muzenda
He said that the public was amazed when they saw them sweeping him
Workers in Zimbabwe ’ s Newspapers also lined the streets, washed their work, and installed garbage remedies on the streets
Zimpapers ’ spokesman, Beatrio Tonhodzayi, told studio 7 that buildings are destroyed in that region in an effort to help the government with its work
He said that the workers in all four parts of the country were involved in the nation ’ s cleaning work
The commissioner of Harare, Hebert Gomba, siti kainilla and Kansil also broke the garbage and dispersed it
While speaking to studio 7, the garbage maker Maohipisa, highfield, Gomba, shows that he is happy with the large number of people who took part in the work
He also said that the cities needed to keep on commemorating them, so that the group was repeatedly commemorating the cities ’ lack of hygiene
Mr. Mnangagwa introduced the date, which meant that every first Sabbath of the month had helped them to maintain their dignity.
The minister of finance decrees to contribute funds to the state ’ s office to help the country make it possible for it to move
During his talk with the reporter at Harare today, the minister ’ s secretary,, George Guvamatanga,, said that it is difficult to bring a coin of about two or more dollars
Guvanmatanga also said that the agency knew that the government was planning matters because of the country ’ s limited income
The secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the U.S. secretary-general of the
The labor and Eonomy Development Researcher Institute of Zimbabwe, Nyasha Muhiu,, a visitor to the state, said that the government would be in a better position to budget all the money that the state would invest in the state ’ s departments and in customs and affairs
Mr. Muhiwa also pointed out that when the money changers are reassured, these items cannot be repaid for a few times
The minister acknowledged that the use of funds for health care would also result in severe health problems
The Economist Mthuli Nubuube also told the reporters that he was impressed by the steps taken toward the economy.
However, ex-secretary-general, Tendai Biti, one of the three MD lovers, points out that, ’ s economy is wasting as much as she can with the reserve bank in Zimbabwe
Mr. Biti,, president of the central bank, argued that the central bank and the bank bank have no laws on the national currency to prevent the country ’ s economy and governmental authorities from being corrupted
On the other hand, the ministry is saying that it is unrealistic to see how much money the country has put into the national banquet will eventually pass before the church is established.
The musician Rise Kagona tells of their history and of his work with Biggie Tambo.
He is saying that if there were teens, it would not happen
A hospital worker testified that the children died shortly before their birth at night
studio 7 also failed to listen to the staff in the hospital
Mr. Langton ’ s father, Mr. Langwiti,, also died when he was not cared for on Wednesday when he was taken from Harare to the Royal Hospital.
Mathilda ’ s hunter, a member of the Banquet community who was removing the body of her brother, who had lost no help at all, said that his brother had invited her to a residence where she had no help and that she had arrived dead
Ms.himbe recommends that those who die in the hospital look after their nails
More than 16,000 child-care workers in public hospitals go to the strike to get a salary
The government has ordered all custodial authorities to reexamine the work.
Rather, the number of people who are receiving theOVID 19 is rising to the point that some, such as maseke, are being forced to obey a door-to-door arrangement
Now it is clear that civilians are spreading the disease across the country, using trucks, operating centers, and banking centers
Studi 7 has also observed many people who did not wear maseke when meeting with the public in Harare
An unwitting resident of Harare, Paul Maaira, said that he sometimes forgot to wear it
An unnamed prospective member of the city ’ s banking company,, studio 7, asked him if he knew that the risk ofOVID 19 was rising?
But he argued that when he knew that he was taking a stand for one ’ s freedom of choice and that he was concerned about human affairs, he contributed to the use of social gates
Simon Zhou, who was also waiting for the truck, told Mt Pleasant Heights that they had stopped at the same location for about a dozen hours
He asked them to look at the people and even have their hands washed safely if you were boarding the ZUPCO truck in the country.
The secretary-general of the secretary-general of the Secretary of Health of MD love Alliancene, Dr. Henry Madzorera,, urged the people to protect themselves in keeping with the health-care system
Dr. also urged the audience to hide the house during that time
Secretary-General Abediakyire, John Mangwiro told studio 7 on the platform that they were teaching people about the disease and that he was examining the blood of many to see if they had at least some infection that had helped to prevent it
In a conversation with his political leader,, Emmerson Mnangagwa, at a convention, he said that the progress of theOVID 19 tells us that a religion must be introduced.
THE death toll fromOVID 19 is not limited to Zimbabwe, with an estimated 12 million inhabitants, with 88,212 in Zimbabwe
Doctors working in the Public Sealtor and some who are opposed to Mpilo ’ s Sntetera Hostpial in Bulwayo showing the unpleasant use of Dr. Peter Magombeyi on Saturdays at Harare.
Doctors, including those who work at the United Bulawayo hospital, have been in the hospital of Mpilo to demonstrate that a stranger in his home in Harare does not know how to treat Dr. Magombeyi.
Ngongoma says that people are dying for fear and fear.
The spokesman for the Kwazulu-Natal police force,olonel Thmbeka Mbele, said that the Plessislaer police were investigating the two dead
No one was saved
Parents are frustrating and out of school
Parents opposed this unrelenting murder and hired a truck tire at Putini High Schoola, Mangweni, Umtshezi
We have not heard that parents talk about things that are not his way in the children ’ s school
The children are said to be crowded in the classroom with no water and no lamps
The town is referring to the open-air literature because the school buildings are not being built, says spokeswoman Inkosi Langalibalele Muniipality, Sizo Mdakane,.
Study is conducted at a regular center built by the educational center
The city is not interested
According to the town ’ s Kaunsila, Nkosingiphile Mpembe, in 2010 the people were promised to build the school for those who would not do it until now.
The study periods of the disciples are not the same as those of the old waters that are not permitted to drink
He spoke of the time when the puroths were completed, when a researcher had promised that people would come from his educational center
Muzi Mahlambi, a spokesman for the education department of KwaZulu-Natal, invites the region ’ s pregnancy to be examined and settled
A couple have been victimized for stealing
In the Shayamoy of Mpumuza,, not Pietermaritzburg,, police are searching for victims of bullying because they suspect that they have stolen.
It is thought that this Sunday has been celebrated by the populace of London ’ s Mvelese and the Mxolisi Mound.
This couple stay together
They estimate that they have stolen some R2 500 and that they also suspect that they have stolen some of their neighbors
The one who expresses his opinion suggests that they are still stoning even while he is making the hat
Both men and women were present when he was being punished
The city Kaunsila, grabbed the Zondo and went to the area to see what had happened
He said that they had been charged with stealing twos and that they were not entitled to punish him
Back in my town
We do not know that there is wickedness in this region, but neither does it mean that you are legally entitled to do what you want
Call the police to arrest the perpetrator of this wickedness
I heard the reminder that a man took something out of a stove
In the meantime, peace will prevail
The man is from here, the woman is from here
Ngubo announced that I would continue to search for his family and that we would meet them tomorrow.
ForZulu-Natal police chiefNqobile Gwala said that the two victims were being searched by the police
They try to get to know the relatives of the victims, but they do not have to miss out
The Guptas complete money and send it to some banks
AfricaN NEWS Agency (ANAA ) claims that the country has borrowed approximately R49 million dollars, according to a survey by Shadow World official, Paul Edward Holden.
This was not forgotten before the verdict of the judge Raymond Zondo.
He measured the total of R49,157,323, 233.
commonly placed in a new container.
Holden said this while witnessing in connection with savings and debts.
Holden asked,, the witness in charge, the questions of Mathew ’ shaskalson
Holden tells the bankers that his testimony is based on a series of surrogate stories about how money is paid to Gupta ’ s Akuanto.
Guptas had stolen R287 million from Estina Dairy Farm Prroject
This arrangement is thought to be used to help farmers in Firi
Holden claims that, Guptas began stealing money a year before Estina even started
Guptas had begun stealing funds from the steiti government to the Estima branch office, while Guptas began stealing funds from the branch office, Kotonimaa, 2011
Estina ’ s office was used to steal money even before it started
Reports indicate that the government paid R287 million to the Gupta family and placed the money in the debts to make it appear to have profited R880 million in 2012 / 880 million in 2016
The campaign continues
A movie that shows everything about the death of the bridegroom
A most important film shows show that Lindani Myeni was fired in Hawaii, USA.
The film is as if the lame man were going out of the house at Honolulu,, as if he were delaying and walking between those who suspect that they are married
It is as if he went to a church near his home.
She snatches her shoes at the entrance of the church and tears the hat of the two men
It means that 40 minutes later they saw the bridegroom leaving the house and apologizing to the couple.
Immediately, a mother appeared and summoned 911
The mother told the police that her husband was in the house and that he was in the house.
The householder is telling him that there is nothing left in the house
Some have planned to place these reminders on the snares of the enemy
The western salesman Biokerton, suggests that he beaten and ordered to bring the film free of charge
He also ordered the police to publicize all the calls called 911 that day.
During a conversation with Mr. William Denselow, Biokurton announced that the bridegroom was not upset when he left home.
The last words of one, that is, say good-bye
The first photograph appeared on the street, and the bridegroom asked the policemen what they were doing and shot at the hospital.
He announced that they did not know that Myeni was unrepentant and that the policemen were in charge but that they faced the reporters and threw them up for attacking him.
Bioksons offered to find the truth to find out what was happening.
In Melmoth, IFP has been linked to a typhoon.
IFP Kanselites have been charged with shooting terrorists who claimed to have shot three people at the political party ’ s assembly, held in the afternoon of the Thubalethu, M Marsman (Melmothu Kwasiada ).
It is said that the delegation ordered the delegation to go to the meeting place.
In part, the party accused the political leaders of trying to force them to appear, asking for an IFP Kansela that had been released.
During the past week, IFP officials called the meeting in the suburbs of King ’ s etshwayo to resolve the problem that had delayed the area.
One public squadron, who refused to be named after the exhibition while shooting, accused the IFP officials and Kanselesies there of shooting to prevent the exhibition from taking place.
“ We were conducting the exhibition on the street because we were not allowed to attend the convention because the people there were from different neighborhoods.
The company ’ s son announced that all the plunder had begun when the public squadron, who wanted to attend the assembly, was invited to be shot by security officers and Kanselesians there. ”
The head of the IFP, who did not want his name to appear on the street, said that the public squadron in the area had a long time.
“ During the past week, they demonstrated why their Kansela had been removed.
Assembly bodies have been set up for Kanseleks and IFP district officials as well as for the use of fasts.
The plunder began when some of the townspeople set off on the hillside after the assembly began, causing the security forces to start shooting.
He proclaimed that there were also guns against some of the people.
This assembly was attended by the newly selected Mbang Tommy Biela, his assistant Phumlani Ntombela, and Kanseletes in the big city of the M MSanite.
They also tried to escape the district leader ’ s verbal attacks.
Thami Shangase, a spokesman for the entire assembly, announced that the assembly was not organized by the bulldozer, adding that everything was in the hands of the police.
IFP ’ s national spokesman, Mkhundi Hlengwa, announced that the party ’ s propaganda would be on the issue today.
Confusion broke out when bisela and Kanseletes were released, and the people were divided among the elephants and the IFP kuo, who were in the middle of the clouds.
ForZulu-Natal police spokesman,olonel Thembeka Mbele, Melmoth police officers are investigating the shooting and the violence.
Mbete means that he is not overlooked in bribery.
Baleka Mbethe, a president of the congressional court, has dismissed the accusations of sedition.
In reply to Miss Mbete ’ s complaint about some of the charges against him as a member of the parliament, she proclaimed that no human, no one ’ s opinion, and some of the statements were newspapers because experts had no evidence.
He even spoke of a weapon in which he named a former prime minister, Zimbabwe, as an example of receiving a letter about difficult objects but knowing the origin of them
The president, I know that some who witnessed here are familiar with ANA ’ s plans
I know that speakers are here and say that they cannot say what they have heard
I can tell of the guns, which were delayed ( The Good Luck )
A note in the bottom of my office door
The contents of the letter are harsh but without a reader
I can ’ t take the literature that I don ’ t know the reader with me, and I can ’ t take it with me.
My problem is that she writes that the person comes to me and understands me
Mbete said that I was making an excuse in the parliament for not talking about this newspapers
During the month of Pentecost, during the second and seventh millenniums, he was asked why he was involved in Gupta ’ s family crisis
I don ’ t remember it, but I know that the Gupta family suffered a turning point
I suppose that we do not know what he wrote until these differences cause us to be unrighteous
Consider what they will say about the world he has created for you
Ms. Methe continued on how to find the explanation and how to do our work
FALSE charges against the death of the student
Disciples are accusing NSFAS of the death of a student who spent two days in Durban Tvet ’ sollege at Manor ’ s outskirts on Saturday
Twenty-six-year-old Jonwabo Manyanya, who has died, is defined as a scholar who has completed the Eletrial Infrastruture unstruotion and has been disfellowshipped by the owner for building expenses
Thus, he was allowed to stay for two days because he had nowhere to go from the disfellowshipped Monday
Wukuada was that the deceased was not in good health
His friends told him that he had to go somewhere
. Reportedly, Yonwabu died on Saturday in the presence of a friend in Durban North
One nearby student said that they were surprised at what had happened and that they were accusing NSFAS of holding their meat for the money he was going to earn
I am saddened that they could have prevented death
The student said that I would like to look into NSFAS because I would see her coming snakes and we would hear these words very often
People who were unable to go to the deceased announced that the event would not allow them to talk to the media
Commander Nqobile Gwala, spokesman for the Kwazulu-Natal police, declares that nothing was said
Asherville ’ s resentment and financial problems caused some fifty students to stand outside the school gates as teachers
The disciples insisted that they lay asleep because they had been removed from their sleeping quarters because they had no money to pay for the rent
From Gauteng, Easternape and Mpum ultra, a number of students in bed clothes
Mr. Siyabonga Sambu, from Ermelo, Mpumalanga,, a student of Community Safety degree, accused NSFAS of complaining about financial matters
every explanation coming from the month of the savior
There is no money to buy food
Employers were given small amounts of money
Sambu suggests that nothing is going on in this area and that we are summoned to be a government officer
Zundi Mabanga of Johannesburg confirmed the fact that she too was disfellowshipped
Writing for Mpilo Hospital Doctors association Dr. Mthabisi terse says that he is not interested in what is happening and that he would have been soon contacted and wanted to be treated
Dr. tawanda, who also has worked with Dr. Magombeyi, claims that many doctors now fear that Dr. Magombeyi will not be employed and that he or she will get a job that would require all his expenses
The director general of the Hospital of Mpilo, Leonard Mabandi, suggests that doctors will soon resume their work
Walter also claims that there are many patients who have not been treated by the doctors
All the doctors of Dr. Magombeyi were arrested for a strike, and during the two weeks that the doctors went to the strike, they claimed that they had no money to come to work
The government proposes a rule that will pay physicians a strike, but humanists also claim that it is illegal for the government to do so
Many are on the Kentucky outskirts of the US, safeguarding 74-year-old Muhammad Ali
Others included former U.S. president Bill linton, and filmmakers like George Foreman, Mike Tyson and Lenox Lewis and Will Smith
Bush, president of the Kentucky Patricia Chikanga, said that the country could do something better with regard to the deaths of insects
Patricia Chikanga told studio 7 that the country must glorify those taking the lead in the country.
The Zimbabwe Council of Churches ( ZCC ) claims that they are sorry for what is going on in the provinces of Matabeleland North and Bulawayo in preparation for the headship of ministers working in the province
The ZCC has gathered noise shifts and doctors working in the three circuits
ZCC secretary-general Pr. Dr. Kenneth Mtata rebuked studio 7 for saying that some people were hungry
he claims to be in pain and is saying these things
He claims that the government has to put political interests aside and support the hungry
Dr. Mtata suggests that the government will be informed so that they too can help from house to house and hear food shortages
Between 2007 and 2008, Zimbabwe ’ s dollar was on the decline
Between $ 32 and $ 40 for the Amérik dollar
Many dishes, foods, and other ingredients have become increasingly difficult, and some have called the country to own
In his speech at the millennium, Emmerson Mnangagwa announced that no country would be able to support it financially
Nelson, secretary-general of the non-government organization, said that it would be impossible for the country to use its own money
Economist Prof. Gift Muguano, however, claims that politicians are not going to decide what to do
Denford Matashu, director of the unfederation of Zimbabwe ’ s Retailers, has also witnessed financial difficulties
Zimbabwe ’ s National chamber of sycamore figs,hris Mugaga, has also said that they have to beat their heads and look for ways to improve the clay
But prof. Mugano has claimed that no dog overseer has found a carreae and that even the government does not want to accept the national dollar
ZCTU writeraphet Moyo also recommends that work be done
Economists also point out that the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, RBZ is planning to produce funds to help the country survive
RBZ president Dr. John Mangudya, however, claims that they are all lies
Zimbabwe had begun using the Amérik dollar since the year 2018 but had stopped using its own dollar just last year
Zimbabwe vulnerability Assessment Committee, Zimvaa estimates that fifty percent of Zimbabwe ’ s inhabitants will suffer from food shortages from the end of the month to our arrival year
But a month ago, only one percent needed food in rural areas
The last girls were Matabeland North, Masvingo and the Midlands
Fewsnet, a food-sustaining agency, says that people in the big city also need food from the worsening state of affairs
Among the most hungry will be those who are trained in thehipinge and the cushioned syklone
el Dhumakwezu, a promoter, claims that a company is using the World Vision to feed them because of their association with the Red kross
The unnamed, however, are starved
The COVID-19 crisis has been feared by the inhabitants of Gweru because of the city ’ s closing
From Fiada about a hundred and twenty people remain at Gwetu Pleteknik
About half a third of the people have joined the NKoba teachers in the seminary
These are the Zimbabwean populations in South Africa and Botswana
Niok Mangwana, a media writer, announces that only Mboka college can fill the Gwetu Pletek with five hundred copies
Ms. Enita Nyati reprimanded studio 7 for fearing that theovid-19 had interrupted those individuals and that the women in the barracks could be trapped
But Nyasha Mahwende also suggests that such individuals as Zimbabweans are to be cared for or are to provide for their own family and friends
It is said that in addition to spreading the disease, these individuals may be involved in illegal activities and therefore need greater restraint
The security officers on both sites have insisted that the state office of the district of Midland be permitted to move
We had the feelings of the Midlands missionaries Larry Mavima and Dr. Mahene but were present for a discussion, and they asserted that he was at a convention
Experts in South Africa and Botswana suggest that while they were there, they were sent to immigrants who could easily have been saved by the viruses
Gweru Mayu, osiah Makombe, put on the front page of VOA studio 7 as a housewife with some of the viruses in the streets
He urged the public not to be afraid but to keep the road system and to take care of the passengers
The president of the People ’ s Democratic Party, Luoia Matibenga, who lives in Gweru, asserts that it is the government ’ s responsibility to protect the whole community
Those in the Midlands are not affected by the viruses, but they are frightened by what is happening around them
The school office of the country met with the doctors who attended the street for the first time during the first day of the year
Some of the doctors general visited the strike Schooldays, and many are losing their lives because of doctors who go to the strike
Emmerson Mnangagwa, who comes from his break on Tuesday, calls on Prof. onstantino ahiwenga looking for a way to stop the strike
Niok Mangwana, a spokesman for the president Mnangagwa, claims that the president ’ s presence is about to make an end to the situation
On Tuesday Mr. lauro insisted that all the doctors go to work
The Zimbabwe Medical association staff has granted the government forty-eight-hour restraint on the trips of smaller doctors
The president of the president ’ s office in Zimbabwe ’ s Hospital Doctors associationano, Dr. Elias Muzoremba held a meeting to listen to the doctors ’ comments
The news media that the doctors dismissed the mayor ’ s office as a health Services Board
The doctors say they want the government to take control of the sunbird and the various companies and to use the US dollar to replace RTGS
Doctors spend $ 329 a month, but those amounts are found in RTGS
But a sudden financial officer at Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University, Prof. Gift Mugano proposed that the government would not be able to pay all that money
We asked Dr. Mugano what had happened that caused computers to spend US dollars and how they could change
The president of themunity Working Group on Health, Mr. Itai Rusike, proposed that the president would have to contribute large amounts to the health department ’ s briefcase
Some of the public are saying that health Insurance naards are normal and that they are obliged to bring US dollars every time they try to buy drugs or stay at home
The Warriors national soccer team leaves South Africa to compete in the drunken tournament
On Saturday there are two pairs in front of the team in the alcoholic beverages and in the Africanup of Nations for victory over the alcoholic beverages
Alcoholic beverages are being used to prepare the Afmoon for Zimbabwe ’ s sixth year ’ s cup
Zimbabwe has not had enough money to compete for the Battlefield, and the Warriors elder announced the use of alcoholic beverages and the promotion of the team
thehidzambwa is making sure that the cup is accepted again and that the cup has been accepted repeatedly at the beginning of the year
rehydzambwa accepted the cup of alcoholic beverages in 20032009, 2017 and 2018
Zimbabwe ’ s publishers, such as Tendai Darhach,, Admiral Muskwe,, and Aleu Mudimu, have also been hired in the burial
This year the Zimbabwe soccer team holds the best team to go to the Afloat because of such players as Knowledge Musona and Marvelous Nakamba
Warriors ’ cousin Shingirai Miti has announced that there is no obstacle to alcoholic beverages, since the cup always belongs to Zimbabwe
The Zimbabweans are looking forward to victory in their first battle against the Egyptians at the Afloat because of the cup they have taken
Fellowshiping Egypt to win the seed
Zimbabwe and Egypt, the Democratic RePublic of the Congo and Uganda are in the group A, which is expected to be part of the Wellington Appendix
At the end of the turtledove, the turtledove will begin to take Nigeria under the Gulf in Egypt
Many athletes see Christmas as a time to spend time with their family and friends while others and their families are competing in the championships in Egypt this year
This was the third Platinum game that was defeated by the conquest of Sudan ’ s Al Hilal and the defeat of Tunisia ’ s Etoile dusahel
Sweswe announces that it is time to tell the people what they can do when they are unable to take the cup. Zimbabwe ’ s Olympic Committee elder Anna Mguni says that they are going to see their family members and their long-defeated acquaintances.
The Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZa says that the government did not provide for those who would go to a strike
The Ecuador urges the government to pay teachers in the US dollar
Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZa used theivil Service, the Public Service Commission and Ministry of Finances to appear before the government
studio7 has not heard government officials report on this matter because they have not called Monioa Mustsvangwa, minister of diplomacy
ARTUZ ’ s general Obert Masaraure claims that if they are helpless victims, they have the moral standards they deserve but have not
Although the government is concerned about the economy, however, it has to fight against corruption and corruption and to manage the economy more effectively
The government is spending money on nonessentials when it could have been used to shoot the public
Despite the fact that money exists in the country to solve the problems, one problem is that the national counselors are unable to manage the affairs and fail to discern the need for planning to solve the problems
Foreigners struggle to obtain passports in the country
Thus, the government ordered the registrar registrar-General to force Zimbabwe ’ s customs to pay $ million
Kazembe Kazembe, a spokesman and secretary-general, told them that his ears knew how quickly the people were getting their passports and the seniors and those who had the custom
He claims that in order to enable foreigners to obtain documents, the government has seen the need to locate the stone so that the documents can be obtained sooner
Some realize, however, that this is the rise of the government ’ s curfew toward foreign exorcism
The passport driver in the country pays $ in RTGS and the passenger within three days $
And for the passport that day, they pay $
The president of the legislature, Kindness Paradza, suggests that the mattress supports passports that will help foreigners not to misunderstand the condition of the country
Paradza indicates that the people have heard their families and friends beating their passports for their expensive payments
Isaaa Nyaumba, a Zimbabweni, recalls that he was shocked when he encountered the famous soccer player Neymar
Neymar da Silva Santo eunnior was found in São Paulo, Brazil
Neymar now plays his ball for the Spanish football team of Barcelona, Lionel Messi, and Brazil for the first prize in the Olympics
Many claimed to have photographed Nyaumba and Neymar in Viotoria Falls and to have been hired while working in Ukutula ’ sonservation Center, near Pretoria, South Africa
Warriors ’ women ’ s soccer team are preparing to compete, and Zimbabwe is seeing to it that the game will be celebrated
The Warriors hold Rufaro Stadium in a game that is believed to be the largest in Zimbabwe ’ s history
The rivalry between the Warriors and the Indomitable Lionesses of Cameroon would be the guarantee that they could attend the Olympi Games in Rio ’ s next year
The Warriors met in Yaounde two weeks ago because they failed, but if they won the game, they will go to the World cup
The Warriors and a team of thirty-five years have been able to go to a tournament from gold hookkey girls, which they could attend during the year
But in the future, the Warriors would be remembered as the first team to complete the tournament
Zivanai Moroyiwa, a Warrior party son, says that the game is delayed because the Warriors ’ public soccer game has been thrilled because no team has been able to do so for thirty-five years
Tonderayi Matimura, president of the United party, believes that when the two sides met two weeks ago, she was sure that the Warriors would win again
Zimbabwe Football associationno recognizes the importance of the game and has arranged it for all viewers
Andrew Rwodzi, sport concerts, predicts that most people will go to Stadium and play because of the ZFA program
Mr. Matimura has also offered to go to stadium to see the ball because the dollar is lower than Zifa is receiving
Rudo Neshamba and Rutendo Maohingura, team coordinator, organize the team well
At the same time, the Warrior team will meet Lesotho at Bourfields Stadium in the African Nations Championship camp
The team cheated the Kalisto Pasuwa covenant against three Hardlife Zvirekwi and Justice for sexual misunderstandings, but Murowa has shown that Warriors do not tolerate minor teams, such as Lesotho.
The Warrior looks forward to the victory of the two tournaments and to the African Nations Championships finals, which can be won from foot to to tournament
The Mighty Warriors
Shoppers in Harare and members of the Taamuka / Sesiikile movement have united to fight Zimbabwe ’ s disfellowshipped police officers
This incident occurred in the city of Norton, where the shoppers refused to move the Katanga shoppers
Makomborero Haruzivishe, spokeswoman for the Taamuka / Sesiikile movement, declares that victims of drug trafficking are members of his syndicate
Haruzivishe that while they were on a machine, they were in a police station watching the victims but found that there was only one person
Harare CityCouncil spokesman Miohaelidieme announced that they had not heard of anything that had happened since they were not in the city when the event occurred
But by means of a news agency, the government announced the terrorist attacks on several youths
The government announced that there had been vidio, some of whom the youths were wearing a police knife for witnessing against victims
We have not heard the police ’ s voice like these words
The Zimbabwean city of South Africa, which represents Zimbabwe ’ s workers in the city, acknowledges that the Zimbabweans are deeply hurt by theft of Johannesburg streets
Theft among these women, along with Hillbrow, Berea and Yeoville and close to foreigners and Zimbabweans, has been linked to kidnappings and murderers
A spokesman for the city of Zimbabwe, South Africa, announces that plans are being made to meet with the police for investigation
He said that the team was planning to put the police in and on the sixth day of the preceding month in order to solve this problem
It is said that the police would have visited the area on time but that their absence allows the wrongdoers to do what they expect
Mr. Mcradozi claims that the victims of this tragedy are well-known for the fact that the policemen and Zimbabwean citizens of those women are at the same distance from those individuals
Students of studio7 also argue that police and military personnel must be sent to these women to eradicate the crime
South Africans have also accused these foreigners of increasing stealing, drug abuse and sexual immorality
Many have predicted that two and nine thousand years will mark a major political and economic crisis in the country
The NPP parliamentary of Dorma East, Mr. Paul Apraku Twum Barimah has ordered the parliament to calculate the cost of John Mahama ’ s seduction from two thousand years to three and two thousand years and from two thousand years to seventy years
He made this statement so that the minister of finance, Mr. Ken Ofori Attah, concluded that this study would help both him and the people of Ghana to figure out how much money they had spent on the travel of an elder
I have asked that question because I see and hear John Mahama, who was deceived by the prime minister, pay off the hartered flights
There is no utterance
Mr. Barimah explained that he had not taken political action to support his question
The custom of deciding whether we are a country to calculate our expenses for the national hartered flights and to calculate the cost of moving and to do so requires that we realize what has been happening from time indefinite
If so, how was it handled? How was it handled? How was it handled? How was it handled?
He went on to say that if we did not get the answers to these questions and wanted to know how to get organized, it could be a barrier today but could be a barrier tomorrow, so we would not be able to get into this situation at any time if we did not get the answers to these questions.
The important message of the tract
Foreign Affairs Committee elder Mr. Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa has asked the government to inquire of the government and to explain why the president of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Nana Addo Dankwah Akure Addo, was soon on his way to France, refusing to use the civil transportation board
The National Democratic Congress ( NDCa ) congressman for North Tungu stated that it is ashamed that Ghana has a good-working civil airplane but that an elder takes a new airplane when traveling
He announced that GHS would cost every trip of the elderly to Ghana a million meinu
Bono East district commissioner Mr. Kwasi Adu-Gyan congratulates the NPP and NDC officials for promoting peace
He said that I am proud that NPP and NDC officials are united in helping the region to continue
Mr. Adu-Gyan continued that peace contributes to the development of all neighborhoods and that when there is no peace in the region, social gatherings are difficult for them
The district commissioned these words at the conclusion of the announcement of the Teohhiman work
Among the directors of the department were NPP and NDC, representatives of the traditional authorities, police officers, and security officers, who requested, National Commission or Civic Education.
Published by the National Peace Council with the headline “Countering Post election Violence, and Building consensus for Greater Political Tolerance in Ghana ”
All the accusations are based on accuracy and various methods of combating the accusations
Mr. Adu-Gyan argued that the people of Ghana were proud of the Global peace Index Report, announcing that when it comes to peace, Ghana and the second country in Abibirem hailed the NPP and NDC to promote national peace
He went on to say that this was a witness for the benefit of the U.S. government, the governor, the president, the president of the State, and the media
He promised that the Regional oordinating Council would promote this peace forever
speaking at the Electoral Justice office, Alhaé Suallah Abdallah Quandah, secretary-general of the Bono state peace Council, announced that the country ’ s political stability was achieved by Electoral Justice
He argued that the Electoral Justice office is, in effect, not something new but that it is not permissible to be neglected in the business and politics of society
Alhaji quandah pointed out the need for each country to have Electoral Justice to help ensure accuracy
The South congressman Samuel Atta Akye has promised the end of all Ghanaian problems on the seventh day of Nana Addo ’ s government in the second and seventh millennium
he claims that the government of Nana Addo will bring stability to the economy by means of a budget
Atta Akyea, giving gifts to Asiakwa SOS in the province of East Akim, the West, announced the beginning of a new millennium in Ghana where people would be better off economically and economically
He held that the appointed prime minister, Nana Addo, was ready to complete any department work and to perform a fine job
Among the ingredients that he offered were seven pounds of rice,, salt, sugar, milk, wine and an extra amount of money
Three brothers who fell asleep in their mother ’ s hand-selling place in the province of Tarkwa-Nsuaem, in the Orient State, have been found dead
Three of them died as a result of the drawing of a generator burial
George Sakyi, director of the Inspector ’ s Traffic Center, that someone called the boy dead three children in a drinking area
he explains that when he and his father-in-law arrived, the dead had been taken first by Abena Amos,, Arabi Dadzi,, 13 and Akaba Dadzi,,,, 7 to the Ikwa government hospital awaiting the announcement of their death
Speaking with Starr ’ s columnist Emmanuel Ohene Gyan, Mr. Sekyi explained that the dead lived with their mother and that the mother was in charge of the Golden CityKithen in the Yarwa River province
he suggests that they decided to stay with their mother after working with her
As a result of the day ’ s floodwaters, Madam Dadzi grabbed the generator for his children ’ s lighting, and the next day she went to the shop and discovered that her children had died
The other victim receives medical attention, and the police investigate the incident
The flag counselor for the National Democratic Congress ( NDCau, John Mahama announced that if he won the teenage ring, he would persuade Menzgold ’ s elder Nana Appiah Mensah, who is generally known as Nam to pay the people ’ s money
Speaking at Tarkwa-Nsuaem, in the East district, Mr. Mahama, he expressed his surprise that the Akufo Addo, in spite of confiscating the property of the people, namely, his zeal for the people
He went on to explain why the Akure Addo was protecting Nam ’ s uniqueness on the stove? Why do the policemen slide on the stove without NAM-1
He promised that his government would thoroughly investigate NAM and its officials in order to obtain funds from the people
Judge Ellen Asamoah, head of Menzgold ’ s trial for the Apocalypse Circuit, has established the first day of the first Trial in two and twenty thousand years
The country had first charged NAM in Kotonimaa during the second and twentieth millenniums of the Nkran Circuit
The police chased Sylvester Azare and threw it before him as a suggestion to put another charge and a NAM helmet in place
The twin brother, ASP Azare, is approached and is being advised to follow the direction on the subject
The prosecutor and the prosecutor were summoned to make preparations for the case
He said that paying attention to the counsel and preparing the accused would make their retribution worthwhile
However, they went to meet the prosecutor on Monday, asking that the case be postponed for another day and then to listen
The falsely accused man appeared on the threshing
During the second and ninth millenniums of the year, the,ran Circuit set out for NAM bail GHS billion
He said that he was not guilty of the government ’ s three charges, which were designed to alter the charges and establish a way to handle them
He also has to appear before the police every ten o ’ clock on Wednesday
Among the first charges was theft, false witnessing, paperless business, paperless jewelry, and money laundering
Also, the average amount of creditors and creditors was GHS billion
Deceitful use of Okada is almost a problem
Police also claim that motorists are responsible for the increasing number of stealing accidents and traffic lawlessness
There is no doubt that proliferation of sleep is causing problems and that there is a way to prevent them
The scourge of falling asleep is often affected
One of the problems that the country now faces is the deceptive use of motor vehicles and tanks
Two and a half thousand years later, the, congressman de Road Traffio Regulations, 2012 ( L.I. 2180 ) issued a draft edict ofabadie
The Law stipulated that citizens were not permitted to be transported by armor and motorcycle unless it was used as aourier or as delivery Services.
This country is overshadowed by the Okada and Pragya, despite the laws of the parliament
In the countryside, the hunt and the Pragya are used to harvest a variety of bees and daughters
The city ’ s inhabitants use okada and pragya to avoid trafficking
Because it is expensive, much of it is expensive
28 Watching the World 30 From Our Readers
Most people, however, dislike the okada and Pragya because of their noisy and violent ways
Insecticide-related accidents are not unusual
Many companies, including the Ghanaian Medicalassociationne National Road Safety Authority, have called on them to pay for the domestic okada
The nation is in a state of despair
This is because no matter what laws have been passed, paying this number has become a burden to many in Ghana
We here in the Daily Graphic think that the law is revised and that we look for practical ways to keep this work going
In India, Pragya runs straight in her roads toabadie, but we have not heard questions about it, such as we live in Ghana
So, what can we learn from India, which can be used in connection with our miscarriage?
It is good to keep in mind that because of difficult business problems, the okada and pragya are viewed as finding a machine to support themselves and their family
Today, we have Daily Graphic thinking that they will be trained and implemented in a system that will help keep the country alive
Under the supervision of the laws governing work, measures were made to ensure that motorists were subject to accidents
Inserting the agreement would help the Ghanaian Police to validate the edict and help save the purity of the okada and Pragya
On more than one occasion, many people in Ghana have misunderstood this law for the good and the bad
The Daily Graphic believes that if we want our roadways to be free of law and corruption, we must keep our horns fixed and see these problems over and over again.
I have never had the joy of knowing in Ghana that this last Fiada was Green Ghana.
This was the day when all of us went to the stone to go to a tree.
During the past two decades in Ghana, I have seen the contrast between what is going on in our country ’ s handbook and what it is in our hands.
Five million fruits, some of which have not been eaten for a long time, have been produced by the wine and the jewelry Ministry.
The Ghanaian people will see that one of the most important sights we have ever had in living in y ́ani is our habitat, Ghana.
Even more important than the highways, a boarding school, where there are no beds or schoolchildren, I am exploding and concluding that one of the worst illnesses we all feel is the loss of alcoholic beverages and forests and rainwater during the early spring months of the year, when it is just hot and droughty.
I have not looked at the literature that students are studying at school, but I can say that Ghanaian hands were not as good as they were when I went to school today.
We still talk about the abundance of forests, but the fact is that our hands are straight
We continue to talk about wildlife, but we ’ ve always found a place to live on.
Many forests and animals have become part of our language, but the opposite is true
We even removed all the jewelry and gold that we thought were forests that we would not touch.
Per our loyalty