Following the arrest of the six persons, the prosecutors claimed to have received six pistols and GH¢1,292,1818; a piece of dust suspected to be a gold dust; a yellow bar ( suspected to be a gold bar) and a piece of water suspected to be a gold bar (mercury).
A suspected armed robber whose arms are seized from the police in Kyebi in the Eastern Region.
Starr News reports retrieved from Kyebi indicate that a group of Anti Armed Robbery and Personnel from the CID agency picked up the suspect (suspect) Ebenezer Gyimah (suspect) on the fourth of June 2021, suspected to have been picked up in Abuakua North and South towns.
The suspect flew in the aftermath of the bauxite and was taken to Kyebi Zongo to investigate.
The next day, the apologists also handed down a 20-year-old robber named Musa Kamara, who was severely sought by the police at his departure site in Kibi Zongo on 25th June 2021.
He was also trying to escape, and the police broke his legs and killed him, so he couldn't escape.
She was taken to Kyebi government hospital under police protection.
The suspects are suspected of being among the robbers’ officials who are tormenting the inhabitants of Kibi, Akyem Tafo, Osiem, Aninasin, and the surrounding communities.
In the last three months, there were at least ten robberies in the two major cities.
A woman whose life was lost after the robbers were killed on the road to Akyem Ettukrom and bunso, from Koforidua to bunso Haewae (Highway) on the sixth day of the June 2021.
The suspect, Haruna Amadu (Awad 25 years) and Joseph Nyira (Awad 25 years).
Two unlawful guns were chanced upon, a knife, ¢257. 00 pieces of itel, three categories of baagi (bag) that contained an elective bauxite (depending on the robbers’ bauxite), a student’s baagi (depending on the robbers’ bauxite) and a black baagi.
On May 21, one man was killed in the same firearm when robbers picked up individuals on the Koforidua-Akyem Kukurantumi road in the Eastern Region.
At about 4:30 a.m, the robbers were picked up on Barfuor Nkwanta near Sorkode Dwaso, a police station.
One of the robbers claimed that robbers seized the resident’s license only about twenty-three days later, while robbers seized some 500,000¢.
When it was eight o ’ clock in the evening, robbers were robbed of the hotel as well as a gas station (Petrrol in the Akyem Kukurantumi) that was firing guns. It was on Wednesday, April 21, and GH¢137.00 that was picked up at the gas station.
The security officer was also picked up with the guns to scrap the wall. When the robbers returned to the site, the security officers fled.
No more tragedy struck.
The Apollos obtained seven pairs of Babyloniancartridges, one pairs of which included inki in the area where the incident occurred, three pairs of theirs (three pairs of business).
The robbers rushed in saluun (saloon) and walked in a black place.
The incident happened just eight days after Nuhu Yashawa, aged three and a half years old, died in Akyem Osiem.
A man was killed after the robberies that took place on Monday, April 5, 2021, after 7:00 am.m. were killed by four armed robbers who were killed and killed at Goodness Filling Station in Akyem Osiem.
The robbers flew out of an unknown amount of money. They suspect that this amount was all the money they got out of the night’s work.
The robbers also picked up the motorola fone of Adamu Zakari, a police officer in the area, aged-30
The police picked up five fatalities in the area where the incident occurred.
Rev. John Ntim Fordéour, a deputy Education Minister and a member of the Assin South Parliament, has challenged teachers as being concerned about their efficiency in the government.
According to him, measures have been made to ensure that the Teacher Welfare App will be used to accommodate the accidents.
The Vice Minister of Education indicates that the education of teachers is important to the government and has assured them that any concerns related to education, financial, and economic development will be addressed.
To solve the problems that teachers are facing, Rev. Fordɛour indicates that they have dispatched a keese (so-manigya) to each region to solve problems that teachers are facing in order to get better.
This initiative, initiated by the Minister of Education, Dr. Yaw Osei Adutwum, is said to help solve the many problems that teachers face.
John Ntim Fordoour challenged the Teachers’ committees to have confidence in the government’s ability to solve their problems. He made the statement in a press briefing in Ghana’s National Association of Teachers (GNAT) on 19th Friday.
They also use this seminar to explain their views on the economy with the title “Beyond Teachers’ Fund; Making the Teacher Eonomonomyally Sound”.
he added to the GNAT leadership and committee that tutors in the country have contributed to the development of the country. He also emphasized that the government will meet the challenges facing tutors.
he assured GNAT that initiatives have been initiated to expand their operations. he commended GNAT for the development of their operations in the Union Insurance and the Swedish Medical Centre. He also commended GNAT for participating in the witnessing work and building structures for their household.
Rev. Ntim’s Fordjour assured teachers that the Ministry of Education from each side would provide 280,000 computers to teachers covered the debt so that they could do their job well.
he pleaded with teachers across the country to collaborate with the Ministry of Education to help improve education.
The Central Regional Police has distributed a feki (fake) surgeon aged 75 and his 36-year-old daughter at Assin Adedeamtem in the Assin South District of the Central Region.
In a conversation with EIB Network proclaimers, Yaw Boagyan, on Wednesday, 26th May, 2021, disclosed that a group of people from theomplaints and Investigative Unit of the Ghana Medical and Dental Council of Accra and the police at Assin Adadientem had dispatched Samuel Odartei, aged 75-six, a prosecutor known as a surgeon for some five years in his home at Assin Adentadi.
When the police arrived, her six-year-old daughter, Alberta Lanuekor, was tired of being picked up, and others were just waiting to be picked up.
The two were submitted to police custody; they were equipped with anesthesia and other medical treatments.
The false doctors were identified by Yaw Boagyan, an investigation by the EIB Network Central Region.
Many abortions, it is said, were illegally committed and some people died through.
The suspects are in police custody assisting with the investigation.
Four people have been flooded in Bomso in the main towns of Oforikrom in the Ashanti Region when torrential rains came on Thursday, May 26, 2021.
The Assembly member of the Bomso Electoral District, Isaao Appiah, who declared the incident to be a genuine recourse on Friday, to search for the missing.
The Kumasi, the capital of the Ashanti region, has been hit by heavy rainfall in the last two days to destroy property per million.
The song of Kumasi Kejetia also played a part in the Wednesday rains. The floodwaters burst into flooding looms that had music and buried numerous looms.
I, Kumasi (mayor, Osei Asibey Antwi, is resting on his disability, thus, to Starr FM's prosecutor in the Ashanti Region, I, Justice Bediako, for the KMA task force to gather to discuss the stressful flooding in Kumasi.
“The Asamoah Technical and planning commotion will be gathered this morning to reflect on the floodwaters,” he added. “I have never seen such a catastrophe before before, as in Kumasi, we have to plan the roads in a practical way.
he added that at the end of the meeting, the committee will visit its flooded communities to see how the ambassador can help the afflicted and also to see how the ambassador’s plans are implemented.
Residents of the Efia-Kwinsim District and the capital, Sekondi Takoradi, are affected by the shocking robberies in their communities.
This was announced after the three robbers were divided into Tanokrom, a suburb of large cities of Effia-Kwesimim. These robbers, who were driving on their motorbikes, rushed into the badge of an unnamed woman in the ‘ Nyame is a love restaurant’.
They failed when they were picked up and donated it to their Takoradi Mall but one managed to escape with a weed.
The robbers were severely beaten by the neighbors before they were delivered to the police. The lady was fortunate enough to find her badge containing everything in it.
During the past week, residents of the SSNIT room were unable to sleep because some individuals used motorbikes to demonstrate their mothership for the next day.
Additionally, on TV camera, he gave three motorcyclists who were trying to get through a drinking area or Westline in the capital of Sekondi-Takoradi, Prince Kojo Arthur, an elder for the Amanful West, and Takoradi’s Electoral Committee Leader for the government in charge, the New Patriotic Party indicated how their lives are affected.
he claims they have not received any response from the police in spite of the reports in the various governments on the perpetrators of these motorists.
Nelson Roland, a former armed robber in a statement, said a motorbike was hit by a motorbike in a traffic car. And when he got out of his car to see how the armed robbers had collapsed, he returned with an Iphone 12 and some precious beetles. It was used for the use of about two months.
Rescuers in the Koforidua Dwakare, who were hostage at the Fanteakwa Rural Bank, have filed another complaint against the bank as to their incurable amount.
Those customers have appealed to the President Akufo-Addo and the MP, Alban Bagbin, and the Bank of Ghana to advocate the development of their money.
The Fanteakwa Rural Bank, a member of Parliamentary Committee for the Fanteakwa North, was established in the first half of 2021, and it collapsed in the second and tenth centuries.
The headquarters of this bank is in Begoro and has its offices in Koforidua, Osiem, Suhum, Aninam and various regional facilities.
It is believed that about a thousand people were hidden from this bank.
The majority of the survivors are farmers, businessmen, manufacturers, teachers, clergymen, miners, and salesmen.
Others have been trapped in lost spending, while some have been trapped in lost spending, while some have been trapped in lost spending.
The majority of the accused are about GH¢500.00 to GH¢27,000.00 in damaged banking facilities.
The deceased took a lot of dramas before the 2016 elections to burn the MP to give their money. Others lost much of their money, and they lost much of their money.
In a conversation with some twenty-thirds of the deceased, who were speaking to the media at Koforidua, the MP was recklessly recklessly rejected by the proposed amendments to payment.
According to them, they do all they can to save their money without success. They, in turn, insisted that the MP be given the invitation.
Speaking to the media about her struggle, Elizabeth Amoah, a businessman, announced that the MP, after the 2020 elections, will pay them their bills, but it will not do so if it is called a temporary one.
“I have gone to Begoro to collect his money when the 2020 elections were scheduled, and the MP was delayed to assure him that, after the election, he will give his money. It’s unfortunately, after the election, this MP was won, I called the MP for it.”
he added, “What is the reason why the MP will have to rob me of GH¢12,000,000 that I have gathered for myself? I am speaking to President Akufo-Addo and the MP to speak to Amankwah Asiamah and to give my money for me so that we will not come and vote before the House and Parliament for our money”.
Another, whose money has failed, adds, “we are pleading with President Akufo-Addo and the Deputy Parliament, Alban Bagbin, to put a firm stand on the matter. I, NPP, am also a member of the Parliament, and I treat us very much. In the 2020 elections, my daughter and I went to Begoro to see the MP and not leave us. I cried. Why should we be treated this way?”
Other businessmen also launched their missions, because of marriages that have been robbed of their savings and that have been robbed of their savings.
The Speaker of Parliament (MP) for Fanteakwa North, the member of Parliament (MP) for the Ghana Bank, the President of the Ghana Bank, said nothing about the incident.
On the contrary, he had complained that it was untrue that Nana Akufo-Adoo was forced to compare the 2012 elections that led to the bank collapse.
According to the MP, it is not true that the bank used the 1000-mile debt claiming that the bank paid most of it for them.
Adam Mutawkilu, a member of the Parliamentary Minerals and Energy Commander, has mocked the Attorney General at $170,000,000,000; he claims he will not feel victorious if the matter was preached in Ghana.
According to him, the Attorney General will not do anything to win the case.
The MP was speaking to Francis Abban on the Morning Star agenda on Thursday, saying, “We saw to it that it was all that had to be done and that it had to be done and that it had to be done and that it had to be done and that it had to be done and that it had to be done and that it had not been necessary for the government to cancel the agreement.”
The Attorney General has put all the accusations on the Mahama administration.
The beginning of the trial
The International Court of Arbitration in January 2021, ruled that the government of Ghana should pay $134,000,000, along with an interest rate of $30,000,000,000, for the canceled contract with Ghana’s GP.
By the time of the minister of electricity, Boakye Agyarko, the recovery was done at the time of the NPP government, which indicated that the country did not need this hydrocarbons.
The ruling by the International Court of Arbitration urged the government of Ghana to pay the total of $134,348,661 per cent from the 31st month of 2018 to the conclusion of the compulsory service by the Ghana government.
The government of Ghana also paid about $309,877/74 to GPGC for the court debt and about $3,000,000 to GPGC for the debt to their lawyers and witnesses. The debt fell to $3,309,877.74.
Residents of the Ajumako Ochioso region of the Central Region are excited by the fact that the Oohhi river is full of fish and that it provides their drinking water bodies.
The incident happened on Thursday after a rainy day, according to local residents, a blessing from their grandparents.
Authorities in the area laid the hand to allow residents to catch some fish and take them home.
Yaw Boagyan, a Kasapa FM consultant and Wofa Yaw Deosu, who was working in the river banks, were told that something has not happened since a woman in town believed it was a blessing to the region.
He indicated that some of the fish would be exported to the market. “When the fish came into the river, I sang a song of the Twenty-thirds of the fishing industry in Mankisan and Kasoa.
“I am being dejected because this has never happened in the Aumako Okriso community.
Meanwhile, residents petitioned the fisheries Commission to provide relief and transportation to the market.
One resident in the area said, “We have no work in the Aumako Okriefs, so this will help us to earn money to support our children at school and at home. We are pleading with the elders to come and help us deal with the work-related challenges that we are facing in the Aumako Ohioso.”
The Assembly member of the South Ajumako Ochioso, Maxwell Mensah, pleaded with the Ministry of Water and water supplies and the government to assist the residents to obtain equipment that would help them catch fish in the river so that the youths could find work.
The Director of the Institute of Energy Security, Nana Amoasi VII, has expressed his opinion to the Attorney General, Godfred Dame, who claims to have failed in his business for the government of Ghana to add $170,000,000,000 to the Ghana Power Generation company (GC GP).
During a discussion on the Morning Starr event on Thursday, Nana Amoasi VII announced that the Attorney General will appeal to Ghanaians so that he will not go about $170,000,000.
“We had the right to debate the issue, but we defended ourselves with COVID-19. The Attorney General did not do his job well. He did not do what he had to do. He couldn’t do us well, so we should look into it.”
he made these claims after the Supreme Court of London rejected the ruling of the government of Ghana over $170,000,000,000,000,000 payments to pay to the Ghana Power Generation companyno.
According to the London court, the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) tribunal was rejected and ignored by the government.
The court’s judgment on Wednesday, May 8, ordered the government of Ghana to pay the fine on account of the simplicity of the ruling.
According to the prosecutor, Godfred Dame, the delay in the 2020 Elections was due to COVID-19, and the London court rejected his claims.
According to Charles Kimmins Qo and Mark Tushingham, the prosecutor for the Ghana government, in the context of the ruling, the Ghana government was picked up before negotiation on the subject.
The government of Ghana used the Khawar Qureshi Qo at Serle’s court as well as Volteraa Fietta when it included the Omnia Strategy. In the court, Ghana’s Ghana agency Kimathi & Partners as well as the FTI oonsulting was also used.
Ghana sent a delegation from the Attorney General, akakye, Amofa & Partners, in Accra.
The three persons in the case included John Beeohey, the leader of the Internationalriminal Court of Arbitration, and Prof. Albert Fiadadooe, a Ghanaian professor, authorized the government of Ghana to pay $ 170,000,000,000, including interest.
A total of $134.35 million is cut short of the contract, with a total of 69.36 million being cut short, a total of 5.49 million is mortgage, 6.46 million is mortgage and 32,448 million is mortgage.
The court also accused the government of Ghana of paying the equivalent of 614,353.86 dollars for the trial, while the equivalent of three million dollars for the debt of GPGo was claimed to members of the court for the trial.
According to the court, the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of the alleged surrender of GPG.
In rejecting the decision of the government of Ghana, the court indicated that the excavators supported the excavators, indicating that the excavators issued by the province of Kpone-Kathamanso, were granted through the Blue Ooean reservation on the 15th day of 2017.
The court answered that Ghana’s government did not have any evidence, including the Energy Commission Act, to ensure the development of real-estate transactions.
According to the court, Dr. Ahenkorah (depending on the strength of the secretary-general) set in place an obstacle to lead the GPGo to obtain papers in October 2017; and the Defence Minister, in response to the PPA’s commands by Dr. Ahenkorah, is waiting to receive an answer from the Ghana Parliament in order to stop the Defence Service (AEPH) and other PPA,” he added.
British law stipulates that the government has twenty-eight days to pay full attention to the court ruling but that it shall not be carried out until, within the third day, the court shall be compelled to pay more attention to the court.
Omnia Strategy, a British legal agency, pleaded for a five-and-a-half-day list of days to be added to the date for a second trial.
The court took notice the eighth March 2021, when the government was ready to suspend its ruling in the June 2021, and the government continued to do so until the first day of April 2021, during which time the British legal firm, Volteraa Fietta, obtained amendments from the government to enforce the ruling.
The Appointments Committee of Parliament, which is speaking to enumerate the information provided by the international community, explained that, 10 days later, the Attorney General, Godfred Yeboah Dame was appointed on the 5th March, and the government called on him to sign the Declaration.
The court is delivering his judgment on May 8, 2021, according to the limitation of the allegations.
Justice Butoher was very hesitant.
The judge, according to the Global Arbitration Review, indicated that the government’s delay was made in terms of what it was and what it was like for the suspension of the suspension of the suspension, and how the suspension of the suspension began three decades after the first phase of the suspension, twenty-seven days after the first phase of the suspension.
According to him, the draft of money in the court does not permit the draft as it did.
he added, in addition to the fact that on the fifth day of his presence, the Attorney General, it allows the government to take advantage of the appointed times for them.
The beginning of the trial
THE International Court of Arbitration in January 2021 ruled that the government of Ghana should pay $134,000,000, along with an interest rate of $30,000,000,000, for the canceled contract with Ghana’s GP.
By the time of the minister of electricity, Boakye Agyarko, the recovery was done at the time of the NPP government, which indicated that the country did not need this hydrocarbons.
The ruling by the International Court of Arbitration urged the government of Ghana to pay the total of $134,348,661 per cent from the 31st month of 2018 to the conclusion of the compulsory service by the Ghana government.
The government of Ghana also paid about $309,877/74 to GPGC for the court debt, and about $3,000,000 to GPGto for the debt to their lawyers and witnesses. The debt fell to $3,309,877.74.
The torrential rains in Kumasi, the Ashanti regional capital, havely caught a small town in Sawaba.
The young girl was traveling with her parents who were living in pragia. As a result of the flood, the pragia collapsed.
The residents of the area were said to have bought the water and rescued the parents, not seeing the child because the water had taken him away.
One of the residents told Francis Abban on the Morning Star Thursday that “the bodies of the victims have not been chanced upon. The incident has really happened to his parents. It’s difficult to get on the Sawaba road when it comes to rain. There’s a flood of water going through the gates, so we don’t know why the driver of the pragia took the road and lost his life.”
Others said the incident, which led to the arrival of President Akufo-Addo from the Upper East Region, also occurred during the floodwaters.
It has also killed the Iddrisu Adams Corruptcy, popularly known as Koomi, who was picked up by the Ashanti regional police because of the ongoing robberies. He was killed while escaping as the police were approaching him for a long time.
The suspect was one of the suspects who were picked up by the police and was picked up on May 21, 2021, after the police had undergone surgery.
On May 23, 2021, the police were dispatched to areas where he suspected his robbers were with him and he tried to escape. The police killed him and prevented him from escaping.
She was taken to St. Martins hospital and left there.
The police, according to the statement, are searching for his robbers and has advised them to appear before the police for any kind of persecution they may encounter.
The police assured the public that they would do all they could to combat theft and also ask for support from the public.
The Defence Minister, Albert Kan Dapaah, has explained why he has dismantled the Defence Minister, DCOP Opare-Addo.
According to the former Dapaah, they did all they had to do for the security agency to be dismissed from the site; hence, they did what they had to do and did.
The Defence Commander, who was dismantled, told Star News that a NPP group called the Delta Foroe compromised her independence because she did not do what they were seeking to do in the region.
When the Defence Minister was speaking to the Parliamentarian Parliamentarian of the South Dayi, Rookson-Nelson Dafeamekpo, he declared the exercise to be conducted by the National Security Minister.
On the contrary, Mr. Opare-Addo was not revealed the reason for the ouster, suggesting the need for a coercion.
Opare-Addo had signed a three-year eight-year eight-year eight-year eight-year eight-year eight-year eight-year eight-year eight-year eight-year eight-year eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month eight-month
Instead, he was recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly recklessly
Mr Dapaah further explained that “the arrival of the regional security agency was unable, since he did not compromise his duties. As a result, security agencies were dispatched in the 5th month, and on the 10th day of 2021, to go to the Ashanti region to find out why DCOP Opare-Addo was not expected to leave his post. And, if necessary, to find a new posture, the security agency was dispatched.
He further stated, “ Up to this day, DCOP Opare-Addo has not brought anything into the presence of the security agency or I, who appears to the minister as a victim. Neither have the security agency given any kind of order from the police to appear before them.”
If DCOP Opare-Addo used the right approach to accuse every person, I would like to have a thorough investigation into the subject.
During the tireless British Haekisa in Ghana, Ian Walker and the EIB Network Chairperson, Nathhan Kwabena Adisi, popularly known as Bola Ray, went to the Waakye marks on Wednesday, at the Accra market. They attended with the King Promise.
The announcement, entitled “Taste Ghana” under Bola Ray, was aimed at enabling the British Haekisa to adapt to Ghana’s varieties of food. The Waakye marshal was started at the Accra New Town epicenter and completed at the epicenter in Nima.
The Authorities at Adeiso in the Eastern region have seized 24 pistols out of a sand mine.
According to the Adeiso police, on May 21, it was chanced upon that a group of individuals were grabbing sand in the Okaikrom area near Adeiso.
The police chanced upon the site and chanced upon two kinds of headaches and two kinds of peeleds to be loaded with sand.
The manufacturers pulling the teraks and the peelands flew as the police chanced upon the arrival of the police, and the police tried to seize clutse Kofi, whose registration number was GE 7191-19.
Four pistols and seventy-eight pistols are chanced upon in his container as they search the container.
The Chairperson of the Eastern Regional Correspondency Committee on Starr News said the suspect has indeed been picked up.
he added the suspect was picked up as belonging to Sammertide oonstruotion and the Sand Winning company.
According to him, the suspect and the weapons in the incarceration have been taken into custody of the police.
This happened at the time of the arrest of the accused persons being picked up at the sandy site.
Two o ’ clock in the afternoon, May 15, 2021, when robbers living in the third and EEP trips were trapped, with a peak number ofGS 9835-19 announced the Osae Kwame (the first person who was returning from his village to Adeiso to buy food to his staff in his appointees). He was handcuffed, picked up, taken to one of the cups, and taken to the village, one of the towns nearby.
The police chanced upon the incident, rushed to the village and picked him up, but the suspects fled to the site of Summertide companytu in the village of Obeng Yaw near Adeiso firing guns.
The second person to whistle the police, Alhassan Zakari, was killed during the round-trip.
Five persons were brutally picked up in the vicinity area, and they were loaded out to unknown targets.
What was said to have been picked up GH¢96,000 after the sand mine was announced at the sand mine.
Kyebi police picked up the five suspects picked up by the suspects.
It was at 4 : 00 a.m that the suspects were picked up by the Adeiso police.
In September, after the police chanced upon Nana Barfuor Sarpong, a suspected national security officer, they chanced upon an AK47, three different kinds of guns and sponges.
The Alhassan Zakariah and the Bright Apama were taken to the Eastern region hospital at Koforidua.
Meanwhile, the CID is in the Eastern region.
They have been given a beele to the victims.
The court of Koforidua sought after the arrest of five persons, including Akyem Abuakwa, the supposed civil security officer, GH¢200,000 beeli without any intervention by two critics.
The accused were Nana Barfuor Sarpong, Nana Barima Twum Tarbiade II, all chiefs of Akyem Abuakwa.
They included eunathan Martey, Eric Yaw Boateng, Viotor Ahenkora Koranteng, and others.
They appeared before the court on 19th May 2021, where they were convicted of seven different prosecutions: suspension, burial, mutilation, robbery, robbery and armed robbery.
The hearing has culminated in the 20th May of 2021.
The prosecutor, Cyril Boateng Keteku, a deputy prosecutor, told the court that Osae Kwame ( 53 years old) and Alhassan Zakari ( 53 years old) were all farmers.
The third one is Samuel Astu Forson, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Executive Officer of Summertide Sand Winning.
According to him, the defendant, Nana Baffuor Sarpong, a suspect security officer at the National Security Commission, was asked by the media to be an instructor and a stewardship officer.
The second one is Nana Barima Twal Tabirade, the king of Akyem. The third one is Nana Barfuor's Dr. Nana Martey, the fourth one is Eric Yaw Obeng, who was an assistant to Nana Barfuor, and the fifth one is Vihotor Ahenkora Koranteng, a brilliant brass.
The rest have fled.
The government has arranged roads to destroy Burkina’s oppressors in Ghanaians at Bawku. He has given them a Barak in Bawku to enhance the security of Bawku.
President Akufo-Addo made the disclosure after various security agencies caught sight of robbers from the Burkina business.
he made these statements when he was in need of Bawku Naba to bring an end to his corruption in the Upper East region.
This region is near the Burkina Faso, and you are being tormented by the suspects, who are trying to bring problems and reports to Ghana.
“Bawku Naba, ” he added, “the government’s policies are well-known to enable it to improve the quality of safety in response to the Burkina Faso initiative.
“I'm glad to put it before you to build a military camp in this area to help counteract the inordinate situation,” he added.
Asigiri Abugrago Azoka II, who is the Bawku Naba and who is also the head of the Kusaug chiefs, declared that the chiefs and the people of the Kusaug community and Ghanaians alike appreciate the initiative of the Ghana President, Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo-Addo.
Representing President Akufo-Addo for the victory that he won in the elections, with the predestination of the country four years ahead, Bawku Naba reprimanded the President, “It is because you have worked hard. I pray that God will bestow on you the wisdom and strength to enable you to bring your plans to completion.
A study by the Child Rights International revealed that 50 percent of the 11,288 children between the ages of 12 and 17 want to move out of the country for a better job.
A tenth of the people declared that they did not know whether to live or to leave the country.
Fifty-five percent of those who got along with them indicated that they would be able to move to a foreign country; a tenth-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-year-olds want to leave the country for a better career, at school or in a better life.
As to whether the country is going to be destitute or not, the study indicates that “out of the 80 % of the practitioners say that the country was injured in the next decade or two. Of the practitioners, about 75% say they do not know the country better. And when it comes to education and employment, the study indicates: “Most of the children say the country is in the future. Of them, 47% say they do not see the need for school education to help them.
A youth group in the Ashanti Region ruled that the Lighthouse ohapel International churches would be closed in the region by its Chief Executive Officer, Bishop Dag Heward-Mills, on the subject of Asantehene, Osei Tutu as he was speaking the religion.
His statement was in response to the spread of the religion on social media; the statement was asking how the chiefs have affected their rulers in the community.
According to the youth, this famous preacher has despised the sovereignty and has to do something greater than good in order to be forgiven.
The Chief Secretary of the Association, Kwabena Frimpong, declared: “We have given the High Priest Dag Heward an hour to plead, or two hours to plead, over all his churches in the Assembly. Then, we are warning those who oppose the Assembly and the Attorney General, Osei Tutu. We will give them a chance to face their own.”
Vice Chancellor Dag Heward Mills is sorry.
In a kind gesture, the preacher said, “I am sorry that it was the things I had said for the past two decades that some individuals who said they would do anything to have our church in Kumasi collapsed.
“I will visit my referee, the President, Nana Osei Tutu II, and I will apologize for any opposition and difficulties. I plead that he will accept my referee,” he added.
The National Democratic Congress (NDC) has rejected the Chief Justice, Kwasi Anin-Yeboah, for an appeal to the General Legal Council on the matter of lawyer Dominic Ayine. This appeal is said to be a violation of the Dominic Ayine’s freedom of speech.
Dr Ayine disclosed that the court in a statement failed to apply the rules of order during the trial. He also misunderstood that the verdict was rejected.
he made the statement at the Centre for Democratic Development (CDD) and KNUST.
The Chief Justice appointed the GLC to summon the MP to address the issues raised on the proposed amendments so that it would be administered in the case of penal offence.
Speaking to journalists on Monday, the Vice Chancellor of NDC, Johnson Asiedu Nketia, urged the Chief Justice to reject the complaint that had been filed against the Bolgatanga East MP.
Mr. Asiedu Nketia, who is popularly known as General Mosquito, said, “it is necessary for the citizenry to put faith in the application of the Constitution on its own, but it should not be compulsory. How many times have you heard that the court was telling someone that I was going to execute my judgment, but am I warning you not to do that?”
Our laws and regulations are a protection against the rights of the constitution and not against the rights of just one judge, but against the rights of members of the constitution and against the rights of members of the constitution and against the rights of members of the constitution,” he added.
Mr. Asiedu Nketia also filed a complaint against the Attorney General for his suspicion of NDC members, calling him to stop.
It is no surprise, then, that all the prosecutors who have been prosecuted by the Chief Justice, Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah, are in partnership with the NDC. Why is it that the Chief Justice is pursuing a partnership with NDC to punish all the people whom he wants to do in their behalf?”
Ghana is the second peacemaker in Africa after Mauritius took the lead in the 2021 Global peace Index, which was released by the Institute for Economics and peace.
The Global Peace Index is the leading example of this system of teaching, which is used to estimate the stability of the country, to estimate the status of three hundred and seventy-three countries and to estimate the stability of the country. This analysis is a well-thought-out investigation into the impact of peace today, as well as the economic and social development of the community.
A survey of 160 and 36 countries revealed that Ghana had a total of 381. Ghana had a total of 1.715 predictors over the previous one.
Around the world, Mauritius, the first African nation, was reaching twenty-eight and Botswana, the third African nation, the fourth and foremost number of all over the world. Thro Nigeria, there were a hundred and forty-six of all Togo, Uganda, Kenya, RePublic of oongo and Cameroon.
The Iloeland is still at the top of a peaceful country around the world. It has been held since 2008 among its top members as well as New Zealand, Denmark, Portugal, and Slovenia.
Following him are Yemen, Syria, South Sudan, and Iraq, according to the Global Peace Index 2021, Burkina Faso is the peacemaker country.
Research indicates that other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa have a high rate of violence and that Namibia has a six-percent increase in peace.
South Sudan remains the most stable country in the area, and when it comes around the world, it remains one of the most stable countries in the world despite the threat of peace.
The peacemaker country in the area is Burkina Faso, and it affects every nation. The government charged the people with guns to combat the strike and destroy the heretics.
The survey found that all people around the world were in trouble. This increased by 10 percent to the death of Coronavirus, a total of 14,871 cases worldwide in 2020.
The study revealed that he created a chaotic state of affairs, including a chaotic state of affairs, that would also have an impact on the economy, whether it achieved or not. The economy of the low-covered and stable nations would be much more stable than the economy of the rest of the country.
Meanwhile, about three-thirds of the world’s population are now healthier than they were five years ago. The number of deaths in the violent areas has been drastically reduced since 2008 to a hundred and twenty-three countries.
The report also indicates that “the global peace rate is 0.7 per cent in the 2021 Global Peace Index, no matter how high it is, the rate is Ninety in the last decade of universal peace”.
Meanwhile, eight and seventy-three countries followed during the last year’s period of peace. There are three countries that have not changed. There are still Middle East and North Africa. There are three and a half of the world’s peacemakers, and there are three and a half of the peacemakers. Rather, there are three and a half of the peacemakers. There are three and a half of the peacemakers. There are three and a half of the peacemakers.”
Europe is still the most peaceful place in the world. It is home to eight of the ten most peaceful countries in the world, and here, if the road is divided, there are no countries in the lowest Europe.”
The Chief Executive Officer, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, has reassured Ghanaians that their affairs will not be changed in his administration.
According to him, for the next four years, the life of every Ghanaian resident will be a reality.
“I am worried that the next four years will make us very active in the lives of every Ghanaian community”, the President expressed his concerns in the face of injustice in Nigeria.
Mr Akufo-Addo and the Governor of the Imo State of Nigeria, Owelle Roohas Anayo Okoroha in response on Monday, added: “ Over the past three or four years, the Ghanaian economy has been stable, and we believe that if we keep ourselves, if we work hard and work hard, the country will recycle its prosperity.”
The Chief Executive Officer of the Chairperson, John Dramani Mahama, in his last election, is engaged in a three-member strike in Nigeria, will discuss it with the Nigerian President Muhammudu Buhari.
President Akufo-Addo also assured the governor of the Imo State that the relationship between Ghana and Nigeria would be strengthened.
“We appreciate the friendship that exists between the two nations,” he adds, “we need to have that relationship with the older men and women of all nations. It assures the children of the nations that we are working to help solve their problems and improve their lives. The close bonds of friendship between the two nations will be beneficial to both West Africa and Africa.
President John Dramani Mahama has appointed Joseph Whittal to consult the Commission on Human Rights and Administrative Justice (CHRAJ)
Mr. Whittal was swept away on Tuesday afternoon at Flagstaff House to start his exercise.
Mr. Whittal has been in trouble with HRA since the President of the House, Lauretta Vivian Lamptey, dismissed the cause due to the treasury.
The President has appointed Miss Josephine Nkrumah as the President of the National Commission for Civic Education (NCCE).
Miss Nkrumah, the Vice President of the House, has been replaced by Miss Charlotte Osei, who was appointed by the President to meet the national Electoral Commission in November 2020.
This initiative was delivered to the private sector a week later, before the NPP Minister, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, removed the chairman from the club.
The chairman’s appointment will be in line for the seventh January of 2017
The GN Health Insurance companyLtd, a member of the groupe Fifty company, has begun the ambulances industry in Ghana.
They are seeking to facilitate emergency care for those in need.
The GN Health Ambulance Service will work for 24 hours in the field of nursing care for those in need.
The Vice Chancellor of GN Health, Issah Adam, said: “Bio, our Chief Executive Officer, Groupe Nduom, Dr. Papa Kwesi Nduom, and his Vice Chancellor, Mrs Yvonne Nduom are returning to work with the management of the company to enhance the performance of their staff.”
Speaking to the doctors at the conference, he added, “wei is also the great start of the Groupe Drum. The ambulances have been added to the existing medical system to help staff members of the Greater Accra and the Central Region”.
Research indicates that women who lose their lives after or after childbirth are based on 16 percent of the fatalities due to inability to be taken to hospital. Experts say that the most fatalities could be erected if they were to be transported to hospital by truck, and this is what the GN Health Ambulance Service wants to do.
“GN Health will ensure that we have well-trained doctors and professionals who know how to solve problems if they have a problem.
Adding, the Ford ambolans 350 has all the buckets needed to treat those in need of treatment before they take their medicine into hospitals. Keep in mind that it is not enough to send people to hospitals that do not enable them to treat those in need of treatment to the point of reaching a hospital.”
The Ambolans have all the equipment necessary to treat a person before healing. They have a wide range of saplings, including respiratory problems, as well as a combination of fluids.
The government said it will take it along with all who were wounded on Thursday’s La mine.
Six people have lost their lives in the tragedy at the Trade Fair Centre in Accra, whereas twenty others have been injured.
The Minister of Agriculture, Alex Segbefia, visited the injured persons receiving medical attention at the La General, Police, and 37 Military hospitals, and the local doctors and nurses were commended for their hard work.
“The chieftain is that the state will enumerate all costs to the victims of the bullet, so let the headquarters staff of the hospitals be called upon to pay off the debt.”
According to him, “as much as you already know the designers have to wash their hands regularly, replace their dresses and dress them and treat them with medicine. All of this is expensive. There is a need to include some doctors and nurses to do the same in the hospital.”
President John Dramani Mahama has also taught Ghanaians to pray for the injured.
The chief executive, who was dispatched on the ceremony, made it possible to pick up his Twitter screens on Friday for the injured.
“I strengthen the family and all those who are trapped because of the yesterday’s catastrophe. Let us continue to pray for the injured.
The Ghana International Trade Fair Centre (GAMLS), an explosion in Accra, has resulted in five deaths.
According to the residents, the fire also destroyed the prevailing activity in the area.
According to Veroniwa Koomson, the visit of ambolans and coalists to the area helped minimize the fires.
A spokesman for the Ghana National Fire Service (GNFS), Prince Billy-Anaglatey said on Monday, “We are trying to minimize the fires, and there are also Armed Forous officers here to do all they can to escalate the fires.”
Koomson announced that if the fires were not fired, fires would also sell near the oil department.
According to Billy-Anaglatey, it is impossible to assume that someone else is injured, and he added that what they need now is to destroy the fire so that it will not be destroyed.
The cause of the fire is unknown. The area is very dark, as the fire has destroyed all the electricity.
A person has been lost without results in an accident that occurred yesterday night in Ekumfi Akoti in the province of Ekumfi in the Central Region.
The Nigerian who has lost his wife has been killed out of the street and his cupboard is set fire.
The cupboard was in color from Mankessim to Nigeria.
The suspects said the victim left when the other person dropped into the trash.
Rescuers managed to rescue the two passengers who were in the train before the fire fell and the driver lost his life.
The couple are getting medical attention at the Oape oast Regional Hospital.
Later, people from the Ghana Fire Service arrived to clear the fire.
Additionally, two more accidents have taken place on the road during the past two weeks.
In the last two weeks, ten-five persons were killed in the process, between Yutong and Sprinter.
Some chiefs in the Ga Traditional Region have given a week to the Ghanaian district of Ghanaian districts to rescue it.
The chiefs have expressed their indignation at the offending chief by the statement issued prior to the 2016 elections.
So-called Ayibonte, the President, John Mahama, has vowed to withdraw his trophy if he eats potatoes.
So Ayibonte reprimanded his chiefs for his belief that Mahama would come off victorious in the elections because of satisfying the demands of a lot of excavators.
Rather, the Accra Heart of Oak’s Chairperson was disappointed when he put the Accra Heart of Oak in the middle of the day.
So Ayibonte has not said anything about what it will be like when Nana Akufo-Addo won.
Ga’s chiefs are also worried about his being compelled to leave the throne. They claim that he is not entitled to rule.
According to the Police, two women were killed and over a dozen were injured after an accident which occurred on Tuesday on the Daboya-Asumu road in the Upper Region.
Ten-four people attending the wedding were in a row from Daboya to Sawla.
The Chief of Police in the District of West Gonomea, ASP Seidu Wemeh, said the suspect, numbering AS 2304-15 and reaching the Daboya area, was trapped in weeds, and the suspects died instantly.
The two women who escaped were older women aged 24 and 45 years of age.
The cause of the accident cannot be determined nor ASP Seidu indicates that the police will investigate to find out if the driver was drinking.
he added the victims were transferred to the regional basin in Tamale, where only one person was transferred to Damongo.
Accidents do not occur on the Daboya-Busunu road despite the limitation of the road.
The residents of the area say it is not true that the first time in this year, unforeseen occurrences are taking place in the area.
It is said that the police are not on during the same incident.
The Minister of Energy, Dr. Matthew Opoku Prempeh, has declared that the government is doing all it needs to do to ensure that Ghana’s manufacturing industry is being transformed by electricity.
he added that most people agree that sunlight is essential to improved industrial production.
He added, “Sunitary energy is the most important power source of energy, and it is the most important source of energy available in the developed countries to sustain sustainable economic growth in the country.”
Based on a poll by the International Energy Agency on electricity, he concluded that unless money is invested in energy, it will be difficult to obtain electricity without quality consequences.
Dr Opoku Prempeh made the statement by quoting his representatives at the Stakeholders Forum on Ghana’s Nuclear Power Programme in Accra.
The initiative was conducted by the association Ghana Industries (agi) and Nuclear Power Ghana (NPG), with the opening words: “Nuclear Energy Innovations: The Future Teohnologies for thelean Energy and how to drive deep to witnessisation of Ghana’s power setor”.
Dr Opoku Prempeh indicates that the contract will reduce air pollution from cars and burning numbers.
“The demand for electricity at all times and the high cost of the industry, according to him, has created a need for a new power plant in the country.
According to him, when we look at the country’s electricity needs, the cost of the electricity, the quantity of the electricity, and the quantity of the electricity, the possibility is that the electricity can be obtained by an electric kiln.
Not only is renewable energy produced by hydrocarbons produced on the ground but it also contributes to the productivity of the country for as long as it can be used.
he argued that President John Agyekum Kufuor of 2017 overheard the hunger of Professor Daniel Adzei-Bekoe, who was at the head of investigation, to see if the massive cyclone could generate Ghana’s electricity?
Meanwhile, Ghana had a major electricity problem.
To improve the quality of the state’s electricity, he declared that the state of residence and all applicants put in place measures to improve the production of solar energy.
This, in turn, contributed to the production of the NDP as the leading producer of the Ghana sunshine.
Mr Fred Oware’s leadership team was also aimed at developing necessary equipment to facilitate the development of the country’s sanitary system, he added.
The minister added that apart from providing electricity for the sun, it could also help decrease the pollution rate in the country.
He added that “wavering is contributing to a lot of improve in the lives of people and is contributing to productivity in the sector.”
“In productivity, in business and in agriculture, sunlight is being used across the world, including Ghana.”
Four years after the introduction of the oppressive leaking of exhausted and uncompleted arms, the policy has increased rapidly.
Starting with the listing of 17.5 million vessels, the number increased 38.5 million in the previous year; increased to 70.2 in 2020, with the officials indicating that some 90 million vessels would be used in 2021.
The Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA) says it is speaking to the Food and Beverages Associationof Ghana (FABAG) and other agencies to pay the costs of paying the ship.
Buok Press, theprice firm in Ghana, and DelaRue, a British brotherhood computers, are scattering the vessels to GRA, and Streamline Resouroes at Tema Port, are assisting the compasses to keep the vessels in their arms.
Mr. Kwabena Apau Awuah Anto, the GRA Managing Director of Purokyt, announced that this will contribute to the decline of excavators.
Speaking at the time the Graphic Communications Group Limited (GCGL) was speaking on Thursday at the fleeting company at Tema Port on Thursday, Mr. Anto in a statement that the GRA Chairman has given the approval of thirty-four corporations including the Guiness Ghana Limited and the Coca-Cola Bottling company to make their own vessels in their own business.
Chancellor of the Daily Graphic, Mr Kobby As mah, director Mr. Franklin Sowa and editor for the Mirror koowa letter, Ms. Doreen Hammond a Graphic Communications Group Limited (GGLC, led by Mr. Ato Afful).
The association went out to investigate the harvest planning and also joined the GRA to find ways to improve this policy.
Mr Anto asserted that the provision of the harvest will decrease the increase in the increase in the number of locusts in the country, increase the number of locusts in the country, and improve the health of the country.
Furthermore, he added that this arrangement will enable the economy to improve its efficiency and will enable the company to adapt to the highest levels of taxes at all times.
Mr Anto said, “The work we do at Tema here and at the top of the three locations in the country that we have put on the tarsier number, we don’t take money from the donor number.”
Their operations include the payment of the ship’s money, the payment of the workers’ debt, and the maintenance of clothes.
he indicates that as of the beginning of the 2018 period, the government insisted that no one pay any damage to the vessel and this continues down to this day. That is why the President of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of State has arranged to meet the people to determine the reason for the payment of the vessel’s money.
Mr Anto means that the meeting will mean that the GRA will ask the people of the country to pay all the money or to share the money with the people of the country.
In some countries, residents of Kenya pay for the ship’s loans, or refuse to allow the loans to be attached to their loans before reaching the country.
The Ghana shipping policy places the blame either on the arrival of the registrar or on the company.
In countries where the strategy is also implemented, the same companies adhere to their boats.
Mr Anto expressed his opinion about the problem the area of Tema was going through that the boat could not be returned at the time. He declared that at the time of the Tema, the ceremony belongs to those who are returning the number but not to those who are returning the number regularly and regularly.
Furthermore, he added that the majority of buckets are reluctant to pay any more bills, so they take their loads to the Tema area to keep the boat on their buckets, which is why buckets delay a little.
The number of passengers is delayed if the passengers are not changed either.
engineers refined the equipment to allow the vessel to be processed.
In his comments, Mr As mah called on the GRA to forward the announcement of their plans.
he added, the advertising of taxes is essential because it will enable all peoples of the country to keep the policy and will enable people to escape the policy.
he added the leadership of the GRA and Streamline Resoures for taking measures to address the problem.
Having discerned how the planning will take place for the purpose of the project, he announced that GGL and GRA will collaborate to further the promotion of the policy.
Mr As mah said, “I am convinced it is at the moment that GGL and GRA align themselves to promote and increase the likelihood that the whole system will be understood by the whole universe.”
The Institute of Energy Security (IES) indicates that the prices of oil will be somewhat high. This statement indicated that the prices of oil will be lowered in Ghana.
During the first pollution of May 2021, the Oil Marketingompanies (Prol) saw three-thirds of the increase in oil prices. As a result, once a gallon [GH¢5.97.Gazoline and gasoline are still being sold.
According to the study, Zen Petroleum, Benab Oil, oash Oil, Goodness Oil, Top Oil, and Frimps Oil are the lowest oil markets in Ghana.
Research indicates that the International Benchmark Brent used a barel for a purse to jump to $73.98 (wei indicates a peak of 4.0%.
The increase in oil prices has been due to an increase in COVID-19 cases in Europe and a decline in the United States.
Brent cost $75 per cent in the first couple of years. Both because of our inability to transport freely, as well as because of the freedom to transport freely, the number of oil reserves worldwide is increasing.
As a result, the number of
Brent’s high prices are all because of obstacles to transporting oil to Europe, Asia, and the Middle East due to differences in prices.
Oil prices will be changed in our month as a result of the OPE + meeting scheduled for the first day of our month. They are going to discuss how boxes will go in the month of our month.
In the Standard and Poor ’ s Global Platts platforms, oil prices in various countries are said to have increased in relatively short periods.
Oil prices increased 3.47 percent according to previous $671.45 per gallon to $694.78.
Similarly, at the cost of about $576.8 a gallon in the mining industry was reduced to 3.53% to $597. 30.
Also, a study of the world economy revealed that the cost of living has changed for $1.00 GH¢597.30
South Africa has become one of many countries to which the Nigerian country has insisted that foreigners and passengers leave the country to enter Nigeria because of the COVID-19 Delta pandemic in the South Africa country.
Those who traveled to South Africa two days later are not allowed to enter Nigeria.
sympathizers in South Africa who want to get to Nigeria must hide themselves seven days in advance.
This arrangement also applies to both Brazil and Turkey.
Kaaka Mohammed's death is both tragic and tragic.
May God hide his soul from me and strengthen his disciples as well.
At once, some people are saying that the government commands its death, while others are saying that they are praying that the government will know nothing about its death.
This, too, should not be done simply because it does not allow the results of genuine investigation to continue.
When we look at the government’s response to the “fix the ountry” statement, I don’t think the government is aware of any of these deaths, even if I am very aware of how repugnant political affairs are, everything happens, even if a man can transform himself into a woman.
The government met the participants in the exhibition to put their hearts down.
Later, the exhibition compelled the two ads to announce what the government was doing to improve the situation.
On the contrary, there are individuals in the government who disagree with the players and who have also been taught that those in the demonstration are not well-adjusted.
Additionally, there were police officers who tried hard to silence the players, using COVID-19, but these same officers were unable to stop the crowd attending the funeral of Sir John.
All of this can make it possible for the government to be subjected to this death, even if some people think that it is true and there is no genuine evidence.
Really, we realize that it is unwise to be overlooked that the ongoing political catastrophe could also make it possible for individuals outside the government to empower good people to engage in criminal activities or to bring reproach upon the government.
Furthermore, there is no evidence that Kaacah was behind the death of a human.
We need to take a thorough, thorough look at the root of the problem.
I refuse to put all the accusations into the unconscious army that has caught the two people.
We have some complaints about how they were employed and trained.
The government will continue to fall asleep in the view that all of the methods used for military service are political, not technological. All of this contributed to the development of Mobrowa Struggle in 2000 and served as the most potent military commander.
We chanced upon the tracks of the police and the military, even if they had to touch us.
Who is the gunman in the performance?
Who wanted to shoot? People or “beela?”
Is that how the shooting should be stopped?
How was this soldier employed?
Whom did he employ? Whom did he employ through training?
This person is a wicked person dressed in military uniforms to seduce people.
I'm advertising the political crisis to various professionals and Africans.
What is largely unknown is that Ghana’s growth in the political sector is attributed to success, and this is contrary to my opinion.
What I mean is that some of the political elements of the government are in sharp contrast with the way the military is using those in the demonstration.
Does shooting thin Gaas have a bearing on Ghanaians participating in the demonstration?
Was there not a water bullet or a plastic bullet?
The government will want to eliminate the leadership of the security agency in order to ensure that the security agencies may be aware of how to take their lead in the demonstrations. The government will also want the security agencies to be reassigned to schools to receive training on how to communicate when faced with people when facing crimes, or what we say with those engaged in the demonstration, to stop teaching, and to stop teaching.
As a result, people are more inclined to advise them for dramas.
The chieftain himself takes a firm stand on the matter, assures the people that peace and security prevails and ends the matter.
According to the instructor, the security agency is unfamiliar.
Since the Peace Kansere is also very active, it is unlikely that they have the authority to correct the situation. It is because of all the difficulties that the President himself has to deal with, it is good for him to do so in the right time.
Nine-year-old Thomas Amoani, who graduated from the Adeiso Presbyterian Senior High School, who obtained saluting from the Ghana Sodoarships Secretariat, has expressed his gratitude to the government, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo.
The Vice Chancellor of the department, Mr Kingsley Agyemang, has declared that Thomas Amoemang, who had only eight A seeds in the West Africa Seoondary School Certificate Examination last year, had been granted a hard time to study at the Brunel University in London.
The 10-year-old man from Asuaba near Adeiso, who has no money, will be studying the Economics and Business Finances at the University.
His tragedy spread throughout the country after the student’s conversation with the media, describing his struggle, Thomas Amoani said at times, he travelled ten kilometers of road before reaching his school.
The Chief Executive Officer Akufo-Addo heard of the incident and ordered him to go tolahyip.
Starting at the center, the minister of State told the media that, as the Headmistress has done for Thomas, the others will be encouraged to learn well regardless of their background.
Mr. Agyemang said, “I don’t think there are so many people who live with Thomas and I am promising them to go to thelahyip Centre to help them. In Thomas’ statement, I will encourage those who live with him. I will advocate President Akufo-Addo for this.”
Upon arrival at the university, Thomas Amoani, a excited man, expressed his desire to glorify his nation, Ghana, and never disappoint her.
She added, “I never imagined that the President would use the minister to grant such a privilege. I thank them for their faith in me. I do not allow my nation, Ghana, to totter.”
Brunel University London is a university in the Uxbridge area of London, England. This university was established in 2966 and was named after the Isambard Kingdom Brunel. Around the world, it is estimated to be the third and third largest university in the country, and it is estimated to be the third and third in Europe.
There is nothing wrong with the Chief Justice, Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah, to prosecute Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, who is also a member of the Bolgatanga East legislature at the General Legal Council (GLC)
The MP of Zebilla, lawyer John Ndebugre, indicates that the issues discussed by the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and others on the subject of the complaint must be addressed before the Genral Legal Council of Dr Ayine.
“I am convinced that the Chief Justice was the ones who had to compel the complaint, since Dr Ayine’s insistence on the complaint against the complaint was that, as a result of the President’s elections, he lacked confidence in the administration.”
By comments by Dr Dominic Akuritinga Ayine in a discussion of the Presidential Election Petition and its impact on African tribal governance, the Chief Justice, Dr Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, has appealed to the Globe Ministry of Chief Executive.
Dr. Ayine has been subjected to complaint on the manner in which he directed the public law firm, and why is it that the country’s official election of 2020 was compelled by the court in the country.
The headache indicates that Dr. Ayine’s reason for preaching during the discussion was that the headache was by no means used in the judicial system but was also rejected and rejected by the headache.
Dr Ayine, on a later occasion, made some of the statements about the upper elections that followed the upper elections that followed the upper elections that followed the upper elections. Dr. Ayine, after being postponed to appear before the upper elections, followed the upper elections that followed the upper elections. And he claimed that if he was a court official and he was a Vice President, he would not speak well,” he added.
Dr. Ayine’s response to the superior judges in the previous elections was that his statement did not disrespect them.
She emphasized that she had not preached in the wrong way.
“What I said in my comments, it is my responsibility to support the activities of the state law firm. With the training that I have had in the past and with the experience that I have, I can express my concern about the failure of the law firm to support the Ghanaians in some areas.”
She also insisted that her words were exactly what she had said.
On Monday, meeting with the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and the media at Accra, the Chief Justice was convicted of holding back the complaint against Dr. Ayine.
Mr Ndebugre indicates that he does not agree with the Attorney General’s complaints about his complaints against Dr Ayine. According to Dr. Ayine, the statement did not apply to one of the judges or the seven senior judges who were judged. He was speaking about the entire legal corporation, and the chief Justice was speaking the legal sector, so he and the person must bear the complaint against Dr. Ayine.
In an interview with Citi FM of Accra on Tuesday evening, Mr Ndebugre said, “I believe there is nothing wrong with the Attorney General pronouncing a complaint against him.”
To illustrate what happened in 1996 – the state complained against the suspects of Mensah Bonsu, Stephen Quaroo and Tommy Thompson, suspected that the Mensah Bonsu had criticized the Justice Government, while the Attorney General defended the constitution’s office in court.
The chief Justice is not guilty to complaint.
So I think it’s wrong for an elder to bring a complaint against him.”
What follows is that Dominic Ayine, a deputy public prosecutor at the time whose commander took the people to court... could anyone say that the prosecutor was speakingn of the same person and refused to go to court?
You're wrong. You have to go to court and ask for advice on the complaints against you.
The Chief Justice, on the other hand, claims that his case has had a negative impact on the public sector.
Mr Ndebugre added, “So do not go out. They should sit in on the ruling by NDC and Dr Ayine in Asotwee Kmometer.”
According to him, there are two lists here, like a basket, if you are preaching in court with a statement that violates the constitution’s interests, or if you have preached the judgment on the basis of a statement, you will be able to take a stand before the law in this regard.
If you are convicted in court, you could say that you disagree with the ruling, “and if you go to debt, I disagree with you if the party believes Dr Ayine has the authority to express her opinion.
“The problem is, therefore, that you should go to the Appointments Committee and say that you were making your point of view, but that the chief Justice at the commandment of the Public sector is not entitled to a complaint against you, and that you do not agree with the application of the application of the Constitution. So he should go there (GLola to determine the reason for claiming that the constitution in Ghana is independent.”
Mr. Ndebugre was asked if it was because the Chief Justice was the Chief Executive Officer of the Governing Body, so he took Dr. Ayine to his own court and said, “You mean that the Chief Justice is a robots, and the Chief Justice is going to dictate that this will happen.” If you do something, you will not help improve the quality of your judgment in the country if you are entitled to it. If you are entitled to it, you will be entitled to it.
To illustrate, he took the nominees to Parliament’s sentence, “When they took the people there, did they not express their opinion? If you say that the Parliamentarians have corrupted without any basis, they drag you to their nominees... why are you saying that they can’t stand before the law?
I don't say what the chief Justice did or don't do.”
What I'm saying is that the Chief Justice has filed a complaint against him and I know that the Chief Justice is the one who has to be complained about the complaint, since his preaching is against the application of the constitution and their rights. He is the head of the constitution, and he has been complainted.
The prosecution does not mean that you are convicted of death. You should go there to explain the information being presented to the media and preach to them.
“I will advise Ayine to put forth the effort to appear before the trial, and it will help all of them to go and convince the chief judge that what she says is wrong.”
Following the following elections of the previous year, the National Peace Council (NPC) took steps to promote unity.
The Kansere indicates that the propositions of various political parties can lead to violence in the country and must be stopped.
Parliament indicates that there will be discussions between political parties and the public at Ada in the Greater Accra region.
The programme “Countering post 2020 election violenoe and building aonsensus for greater Politicaltoleranoe in Ghana” was conducted by Commonwealth Secretariat and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP).
The objective of the exercise is to speed up public understanding and promote unity, peace among political parties, and promote the peace and leadership of the country.
These were attended by the General Secretary of Commonwealth, Rt. Hon. Patricia Sotootland; UNDP Representative Dr Angela Lusigi; the Communication Minister, Mr. Kojo Oppong; the foreign Minister, Mr Ambrose Dery and the Minister of State Security, Mr. Albert Kan-Dapaah.
Meanwhile, the Vice Chancellor of the Electoral Commission, Dr Eric Bossman Asare; the Chief of Police Commander, the National Democratic Congress, New PatrioticParty, the unvention People’s Party, the bishops, chiefs, and other agencies in the country.
Mr Dery said despite the policy of the security agency to stop the elections, there were acts of violence that resulted in the deaths of some people, as well as the loss of property.
According to him, during the five elections in the country, six people were killed after thirty-two acts of violence.
Mr Dery announced that the government is investigating the acts of violence and that its subjects will be punished.
Mr. Kan-Dapaah also acknowledged that the success of the country depends on the cooperation of the parties.
Rt Hon Sodootland welcomed Ghanaians for the nation’s peaceful elections which were held in the Commonwealth family.
According to him, Ghana has advanced in the dictatorship of Ghana according to him, “it is the burden on the city, but that city is doing well.” We are very confident in Ghana.
She also declared that the women and the young people participate in the nation’s legislation.
The Chief Executive Officer, Rev. Dr. Ernest Adu-Gyamfi, announced that the exercise will result in genuine partnership, faith and confidence between the parties and the National Electoral Commission in the country.
he claims that these discussions will help solve the problem after 2021.
The Chief Executive Officer of Transeco Mineral and Mining, Mr. Godwin Amarh, has built a six-story class at Akyem Ampapatia in the Upper West District of the Eastern region.
The construction of these schools cost GH¢295,000; this was part of a comprehensive program to improve their environment.
At the opening of the facility, Mr Amarh indicated how important it is for children in elementary school to have a stable education, since it contributes to a stable foundation of education.
According to him, education cannot be calculated for granted because the nation’s achievements depend on education, so it is essential that the compass also put education in its place.
“We, who work at the Transeco Mining and Minerals company, are determined to promote elementary school education at all levels of our company. That is why the company has decided to promote literacy at all levels.”
“I'm glad to come to Ampapatia and I'm going to open this school. We all know how important education is for the well-being of the people and the well-being of the country. To have students to paint the doctrine behind the school, there must be a solid foundation, and that is why we build this school building.”
Mr Amarh added that the school facility is a thanksgiving to the chiefs and people in the Ampapatia, who have had an intimate relationship with the company since the company visited their community.
Mr Amarh disclosed that it is untrue that the government has set up a massive massive nationwide.
According to him, the government has in place its own initiatives to improve the quality of the public, not to destroy it.
According to Mr Amarh, “the government has not seized a minefield but determines areas near the water bodies and forest reserves where it is illegal to engage in any of the minefields. Thus, any who violate the government’s policy will be subjected to the law.”
He advised the maenen workers to leave the maenen but do so in their assigned place.
Mr Amarh, who is also the Secretary-General of the Ghana National Association of Small Sokale Miners (GNASSMO, directed his committee to help improve the quality of their services in the community.
he called for a change in the attitude of the nominees, who claim to destroy neighborhoods without cost to the community.
According to him, some of the professionals are doing well, and they can do the same.
“The company has a lot of people to do business in our neighborhoods. We have to work hard to set aside something better. I know that many of the members of the households have built school buildings and have contributed to the electricity of the neighborhoods. We have to advertise the information and people have to change what they say about us,” he advised.
The Foundation and Abdul Samad Rabiu Africa Initiative (ASR Africa) are engaged in an undertaking budget of about $500,000 (Rebeaa Foundation).
This amount will be funded through the entire ASR Africa year and will be contributed to the Africa Fund for SocialDevelopment and Renewal, a hundred-million-dollar debt to support the Rebe Foundation’s scheme for education.
Highlighting his words at the assembly, the director of the ASR Africa, Mr. Ubon Udoh, commended the group for its dedication to women and children.
He also introduced the Association for the exercise of genuine governance, which has enabled the Association to accomplish much good in promoting literacy, creativity, and development.
“We did our research and found that the Rebeoa Foundation, a respected charitable organization in Ghana, encouraged the ASR Africa to be supportive,” he added.
The Head of the Rebeunu Foundation, Mrs. Rebeunua Akufo-Addo, expressed gratitude to ASR Africa for their contribution to the Association.
he assured the Association that the funds would be used to enhance the education of children in the country.
The government of the UK indicates that it is unknown for Nnamdi First, who is the leader of a large population in southeastern Nigeria, where the population increases by the Japanese population, to be picked up and rejected into Nigeria.
According to the Attorney General, Interpol picked up Mr. Kanu, a British man who also came from Nigeria on Sunday, to Nigeria.
She was also prosecuted in Nigeria in 2017 and fled the country after being given a beele.
They suspect that he was picked up for their UK, where they believe he was correcting.
“We can say that they haven’t taken the initiative to take him to his country,” the British Haekhema Speaker reprimanded.
He went to court on Tuesday in custody of the Nigerian police.
He will be returned to appear before the law on 25th May 26, 2021.
For the rights of residents of Biafra, he seized the initiation of the 2009 radio Biafra station in London, Nigeria, and seized the opportunity to attract his followers to Nigeria.
Five years later, he set up the Indigenous People of Biafra against the government of Nigeria.
His first arrest in 2015 led to more demonstrations.
I was delighted to see a repair work being done at Independence Square last year.
The repair work is being done because John Jerry Rawlings is being deceived by the President.
The Institute of Directors-Ghana (IoD-Ghana) has spearheaded the Bank of Ghana ( BoG) for its well-prepared initiative to ensure security for the international corporation.
They have asked for a special partnership with the Bank of Ghana to enable the corporate governance of the country to improve.
Following a brief visit to BoG, the President of IoD-Gh, Mr. Rookson Kwesi Dogbegah, welcomed the President of the Bank of Ghana, Dr. Ernest Addison in his father’s administration, to establish a number of economic institutions in the country.
According to Dr. Addison, the BoG has contributed to an improved banking system in the country.
The leadership of the company said the reason for their visit to BoG is because they are going to vote for the company’s counterfeit approach in Ghana and want to maintain a stable relationship with BoG.
Speaking about the initiative of IoD-Gh, Mr Dogbegah indicates that IoD-Gh is implementing initiatives to improve the quality of corporate governance in the country.
According to him, the constitution of the Republic is also an implementation of the new policy.
he indicated that each year, well-paying individuals and companies will be awarded in the corporate governance sector to contribute to the growth of the country.
he added that Ghana’s Association of Integrated Thinking and Reporting (GAMLS), which will enhance the reputation of business.
The Chief Executive Officer of the BoG indicated that the governments of the corporate sector are very active in the economic sector.
According to him, disregard for law enforcement in the governance of their corporations, the attitude of the workers and the like, does not help banks to injure good money.
He added that Ghanaians are supportive of firm governments and pointed out that the BoG will also enhance the operations of the firm as the operations of banks affect the economy.
As for our next soccer year, Arteta has to do well.
As noted earlier, Argentina decided to remove Arteta and the leadership of the club supported her in changing numbers for the next year.
No one can guarantee that just as Arsenal did, the soccer team will bring professional soccer players to the club.
Many people are asking if Arteta can do the job or if his team asked themselves if she could do the job.
Arteta and Pep Guardiola were well-known for their performance when they were 39 years of age.
Nevertheless, Argentina’s achievements are as successful as they are despite the fact that they have been active for seven months. Many are saying that the soccer team has achieved less success than when Unai Emery was a warrior, whereas Arteta succeeded after removing Arteta from the Europa League.
Arteta was a military commander and was picked up by the soccer team as the one who was going to rescue them, but it has left them feeling sad and compassionate as the Chelsea and Tottenham are pulling them up.
It will take time for people to forget what the Super League did.
On the contrary, it is possible to say that those who belong to Arsenal are excluded from the Kroenke family.
So if Arteta has the responsibility to organize a professional club, it will be bordered and she will make the success of our next year’s tActes soccer season. Otherwise, the club will become a member of the Arsenal club.
De Gea doesn't agree to be an assistant.
The Manchester United goalkeeper, David De Gea, is making it possible for him to continue his career in a new team despite the fact that David De Gea receives a match for the goal of 2023.
The instructions I am hearing from Old Trafford are that De Gea, despite the fact that Dean Henderson’s friendship is the first goal, De Gea shouldn’t be allowed to sit next to play.
I have been reliably informed that Madrid, Paris Saint Germain and Real Madrid are meant to be successful.
Thirty-year-old David De Gea has reaching a high point in his soccer career despite the fact that some of the players in the soccer team observe that his performance has been low for the past two years.
“They’re very nerve-racking, and they’re very nerve-racking, and they’re very nerve-racking, and they’re very nerve-racking, and they’re very nerve-racking.
They dress, have a good time with each other, and have a good relationship with the other players.
Their relationship is special, and the goal of the goochiers is high.
They gather together to enhance their performance.”
I believe the allegations are true, but if De Gea doesn't do No 1, you won't have a match for the goal, I'll have the right to leave Old Trafford.
I'll return with West Brom.
West Bromwiwoh Albion has returned from Premier League exactly the year they came to theague.
If they are going to return from the Championship to the Premier League, it is up to me that I'll like Sam Allardye to live in the soccer club again.
It’s not his history that he has defeated a soccer club and it saddens him that this humiliation has taken place. The leadership of West Brom has had work to do when it comes to it.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles, onor Gallagher and Okay Yokuslu will return to their West Brom club because it is time for them to go. Matheus Pereira,allum Robinson, Hal Robson-Kanu, and Karlan Grant can do better in the Championship.
The athlete is the finest runner in Manchester.
Who is the finest runner in the Manchester City club?
No, it's not Raheem sterling.
Manigya Pep Guardiola has a fair seed that each player takes the ball down to the ground and leads it to about ten pairs in a race.
There are players who can't run with the goal, but Gabriel thinks that nobody can.
Havertz can do better than he is doing.
Thomas Tuohel is praising Yi Havertz for his two assemblies against Fulham.
Tuohel acknowledges that since Yail has returned to Stamford Bridge, she has not been dispatched according to her schedule.
You’re going to a foreign country where there are also a lot of trucks that have made it difficult for him to number, and he also developed COVID-19, which gave him less energy.
Tuohel believes that the success of the champions League can be traced to both the championship of the championship.
Solskɛ aer is helping to get the United to pick up his best armored skin.
Supporters of the Manchester United Football Club have had to put up with each other, but with each other a newfound faith, team, and assurance that they can improve.
I was speaking to some of the workers and supporters of the United States, and the person doing the same, each one, knowing it is time to celebrate the event at the end of his eight-month course in the soccer club.
With the help of the Solskɛ aer, Bruno Fernandes and the Edinson counselor were transferred to the soccer club and their performance was well appreciated.
The counselor has announced that he will reside in the soccer club for another year and that his faith in Solskes aer will enable him to stay in the soccer club.
For Paul Pogba, everything is going well and he's excited. his relationship with the manigya is also good.
If you are competing with the United lately and you force them, they are more likely to move and often come off victorious.
For example, to commend the Vice Chancellor going to Ed Woodward, we will have to ask that Solské Aer reside in the soccer team to change boards to enhance the performance of the players.
As a result of the performance of the Manchester United, Solskɛ aer has become the most important person in the club. His supporters, staff and supporters all believe that this was the beginning of a soccer club.
Tell-teel ran out of existence
Kane wants to go.
I failed to realize it when they were competing with Leeds United this weekend.
Harry Kane is even more decisive than all the players he'll play with; he shows what his players don't do on the stage to ensure that their assignments will go smoothly.
Leeds was a silent man I have never seen before.
I believe this is an indication of Harry’s desire to leave Spurs's club and he is looking for a way out.
Wolves is anxious to find a strain.
Nuno Espirito Santos has realized that as of now, there is a need for him to be a member of their soccer club.
Pedro Neto, who is a basketball player, and Reben Neves, who is a midwife and has made a lot of sit-down for the soccer team, thus indicate that their faces are ineffective.
Fabio Silva and Raul Jimenez have also walked with their backs injured, and since October, the men have not been able to compete.
Wolves' stay last year has decreased to three.
Wolves Manasseh has assured Nuno that he will be given money to pay for it to someone who knows how to tax.
In the fiveth month and on the eighth day of the season,imenez will see if he will be able to compete in their final two matchs.
He has also spent two months in a brace game and refuses to touch his head and also has no right to join the players.
Sir Alex has praised McTominay.
It is important to listen to a voice like Sir Alex Ferguson when speaking about Manchester United.
He has always Shoott McTominay and has always had to compete for the United.
“Scott McTominay has become the largest soccer player in the United”, Sir Alex declared.
The title of McTominay appears in the United game.
When it comes to righteousness, he works hard.
I brought him to the club when he was seven or eight years old.
She was a stranger.
What's the greatest award that's worth this.
Three wonderful phenomena in the soccer field!
For the past four years, Manchester United has never won an unprecedented Premier League match in their home.
If they do not come off victorious in their next match, Sheffield United will be the first team of 1904-1905 without success in the next two matchs.
Dr Madzorera acknowledged that the health ministry must increase the spread of the disease, as well as deny that people are invited to converse with people of ancient times about the disease, regardless of their location and location in the country.
They also require that they make a safer pencil than wait until they are terminally ill before they go to the hospital.
The Chief Executive Officer ofaps United, Lewis Uriri, has declared that the problems of the soccer team have been solved and that all alive players are returning to their final match in theastle Premier Premier League.
In an interview with Studio 7, she declared that they had paid the soccer players what they had lost.
However, he also announced that they would soon be given the wage of the previous month; he also claimed that some unnamed individuals were fooling the apex team to stop them from competing.
Utiri explained that soccer players were not rewarded because their numbers were scarce for everyone in the country and they had not even received their money from the government.
Those who struggle to change relationships must adjust the law of the umbrella to adapt to modern living conditions, as well as to protect the lives of girls and women.
Sayendisa Ndlovu, a member of SayWhat, indicates that the majority of the people in the country are unaware of the natural law, and the government has to announce it to the public.
Ndlove also called for a refinement of the enterprise law, since the law was delayed.
Ndlove indicated that the risk of menstruation was caused by a mental disorder, HIV/AIDS, and a disorder.
Ndlovu explained that according to the rule of law, any hospital shall be prohibited from contracting an enterprise and that a nursing or a medical doctor shall be registered as an enterprise.
The Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor of the Vice Chancellor.
According to the Ms. Hongamire, research indicates that most women lose their lives as a result of menstruation.
Despite the fact that most young people want to make amendments to the law, some adults disagree. They say it is unlawful for the law to tolerate commitment because it prevents the young people from obeying the law and preserving their lives.
Parliament passed the umbrella decree in 1977 before the country gained independence.
Some of the members of the team of the MDC-T, under Nelson’s quarrel, have been picked up by the police when they tried to break the party’s largest department in Harere at the home of Morgan Ts Yangirai.
This happened after a team of members led by Ms Thokozani Khupe traveled to the center at five in the morning.
The court order has decreed that Ms Khupe be the head of government due to the fact that Morgan Ts Yangirai was in the trap (wei happens two years after his death).
The suspects include Tendai Biti and Lynett Karenyi Kore, the suspect, the suspect, the suspect, the Lovemorehinoputsa, the Gladys Hlatywayo, and others.
The suspects were said to be on the way to the party’s office where they were picked up by the police.
Since the police’s spokesman, Paul Nyathi, was called upon to be picked up and not yet picked up, Studio 7 has not received any details from the police regarding the actual number of people picked up and accused.
The interrogator, MD, who was speakingn to by fadzai Mahere, expressed his amazement that they had been picked up.
The Chairperson announced this year that, both Hammisa and Khupe’s administration is unlawful and that the members of the Parliament are at odds and that the list is listed by the Ms. Khupe. As a result, the situation in the MD has become even more difficult.
As soon as the court declared the matter, Ms Khupe dismissed four members of the legislature, and why is it not for the party that they are there.
Those discharged from Parliament were Thabitha Khumalo, Prosper Mutseyami, Lilian Timveous and aharlton Hwende.
Some Zimbabweans in other countries have declared that they were forced to leave the country because of Robert Mugabe’s administration. They say, he was speaking against the country with the force of the hand.
A political instructor at the Bergen University in Norway, a member of the Zimbabwe’s Yibuya/Maiibuye team, Dr Vior ohimhutu, says even though Mr. Mugabe has been a tolerant advocate of the blacksmiths, one family in Zimbabwe, whose destiny is absolute.
Dr. ohimhutu indicates that Mr. Mugabe’s relationship with a number of Abbanim officials is one of the reasons why these Abbanim officials respect Mugabe.
Mugabe is supposed to be remembered for his insolence and his alleged proposition that the manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufactured manufacture
People who belong to the Mugabe Zanu party when they do something unrighteous or when they criticize those who are not members of the government lead their own party.
Mr Mugabe will be taken to bed on Sunday, despite not having his seat declared.
The doctors and nurses working in government hospitals have urged the government to conclude that if the government does not pay their bills, their equipment will be deposited at the beginning of the following month.
The head of the Zimbabwe Association of Medical Laboratory Scientists, Fortune Nyamande, who also claims to be a member of the Zimbabwean civil society, has sent a letter to the government regarding their wishes.
Dr Nyamande said he has written a letter to the government about their strike which is beginning on the first day of January 2021.
They say they are dealing with officials at government hospitals because they have no money to go to work by truck, since their salary is the rest of the money that the government has promised them to pay.
Dr Nyamande also challenged the government for using the public’s advertising system to cover up the publisher’s license.
The Minister of Finance, Patrick Chinamasa, earlier declared that the government cannot afford to pay some employees this year because of the lack of money.
Mr. Chinamasa, says Dr. Nyamande, “through the koowa letters, announced the changes in the period of remuneration, so we will follow the same route.”
The Kofians, who were expected to get their salary Monday, have received their salary and are advertised on Tuesday. However, government officials, such as doctors and nurses, will be rewarded for the next year, on the 5th of January.
However, a number of government employees who engaged in a conversation with Studio 7 indicated that they did not believe they would get their payment at the appointed time.
We have not been able to communicate with the Minister of Health, David Parirenyatwa and the Minister of Labor, Prisooah Mupfumira about how to combat the uprising.
I love the government’s party and have accused the police of harassing their members.
The Zimbabwe prosecutor has revealed that forty-seven persons, mostly advocates of MDY, seven are students attending school at Allen Wilson in Harare for a free exhibition.
Some other victims are Makomborero Haruzivishe, a former pupil Leader of ZINASU today, and his colleague Allan Moyo.
We couldn't converse with the police's Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi because he didn't use his phone to talk to us.
According to the MP, L. Innoooent Gonese, Haruzivishe and Moyo will appear on Monday to reflect on the court’s decision.
The United Nations World Health Organization (WHO) has revealed that the collapse of the Corona virus, which has claimed the lives of two hundred and twenty-three people at the end of the pandemic, has become a universal burden.
In the last two days, 2,000 people have been identified with Corona virus and 9800 worldwide have been infected with it during the 24th and 24th centuries.
Chief Executive Officer of WHO, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebrevesus, was confident that he would do all he could to combat the pandemic and was afraid that the pandemic would spread to other countries with the potential for death.
According to the Minister of Health, Dr. Obadiah Moyo, Zimbabwe uses more than two hundred persons from different countries to test whether they have Corona virus or not.
The people investigating in Zimbabwe are shut up their room for two weeks.
The Minister of Health, Dr. Henry Madzorera, disclosed that Zimab Ms needed more money to combat the pandemic.
The President enticed Robert Mugabe's body will be released on Wednesday afternoon by Harare.
The Minister of Public Relations, Ms Monioa Mutsvangwa, made the statement at the end of a cyclone meeting.
Mr. Muts Bawwa announced the government’s decision to prepare for Mr. Mugabe’s funeral.
When they were asked why it was too late to talk about the funeral of Mugabe, the Minister of State, Sibusiso Moyo, said, “It is not proper to say when his funeral will be held while his family is still in Singapore.”
he says the government is collaborating with the family of the President Mugabe.
The King Katizagombo’s spokesman, Gibesonenami, says there is no interference with the funeral of Mugabe due to the Emmerson Government’s mandate.
The Maor General Trust Mugoba of the previous week will be buried on Wednesday at the Heroes Acre burial ground at Harare.
In other cases, the government indicates that a hundred and seventy-eight people in South Africa are victims of violent crimes, with two Zimbabweans losing their lives.
Moyo announced that the government is reaching out to bring home the bodies of the deceased.
According to the government, 60 percent of health workers, including doctors, have been paid for their deaths. Today, the cabbage has decided to meet the health and financial institutions in order to live to ensure that the workers are paid accordingly.
The Minister of Health, Dr Obadiah Moyo, has announced that he will sit with the Ministry of Finance to ensure that what has been approved comes into play.
The doctors also laid their equipment on the floor a week ago as their salary.
The entity that has been heard to commemorate Ittai Dzamara, a successful combattor and leader of October Africa Unity Square, Ittai Dzamara Trust, commended the International Women’s Day today.
The ceremony took place in Highfield, where the women attended the ceremony were given pairs and the like.
The spokesman for the Dzamara family, who is also a member of the Itai Dzamara Trust club, Mr. Partson Dzamara made it known to Samuel 7 that she felt the need to show love to women that month; five years after her brother was disappearing in that month.
She says her brother took part in politics, the well-being of the people and the advertising industry and finished it in a spirit of love; and Ittai Dzamara Trust continued her good works.
According to him, his company has come to Highfields because Ittai was born there and will go to different locations to help women and those who do not share the law, education, and health standards.
One of the participants was Remeberanoe Zuze, who said, despite not having seen Mr. Dzamara, he is excited about the activities of the Association.
An unnamed girl said to 7 that she had learned a number of booklets in the present-day program.
Partson Dzamara revealed that a memorial will be erected in the memory of his brother who was picked up at Glen View on Tuesday at Harare.
According to him, for now they do not even know where his brother is or what he is living.
he added, those who worked with Ittai Dzamara, such as police agency, persistent persons, the Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission, and others, would be invited.
Meanwhile, Zimbabwean immigrants in South Africa have no reason to rejoice over the widespread immigration of South Africa.
Some Zimbabweans say South Africa does not violate their policies with agencies such as the United Nations to respect immigrants.
The Secretary-General of Zimbabwe’s Migrant Support Network, Sheltonhi Yangwa, called for the slavery of immigrants in South Africa, despite the importance of the day of the move, to studio 7
he added that people in Zimbabwe in South Africa were also being harassed.
he added that his company produces letters with Zimbabweans and other countries.
The Zimbabwe Exemption Permits Chief Executive Officer, Gladys Mangwende, said his company is aware of the immigration system but also of the well-being and failure of the private sector.
The President of the Human Rights WatTOh in North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga, says the day of immigrants is crucial in South Africa because of the Zimbabwean immigrants in the country.
Mr Mavhinga continued that the government of South Africa had been breaking the law, especially on the road.
Zimbabovic, George Manyika, also confirmed the verdict of Mavhinga.
Gabriel Shumba of the Zimbabwe Exiles Forum commissioned the United Nations, AU, and SADuu to keep an eye on the growing number in South Africa, among the Zimbabweans in the country.
Lions appealed to the peace minister of South Africa, Aaron Motseledi, for failing to enforce the laws of the immigrants in order to obtain their documents.
he pleaded with members of the United Nations for partnership with his company and for the well-being of the immigrants.
Among the immigrants, Francis Mukono said he did not see the importance of the immigrants’ day by a life in South Africa.
Another immigrant, Steven Chiweshe, also disclosed that he did not see anyone being killed with a knife.
mandate the United Nations Rights Council to help with the challenges facing the country’s nominees in the United Nations High Commissioner, mandate the Managing Director of South Africa for the immigrants’ affairs.
Madumis indicates that as the end of the month nears, his institutions will realize how much they need to do to solve the problem.
It is said that three thousand Zimbabweans have left South Africa and that the government is allegedly violating their rights.
But the government of Zimbabwe says some people have moved to other countries in search of a better job.
Hospital staff, including nurses and doctors, have put their equipment behind them for almost three days according to their salary, and they have not put anything into the roads for doing something about it.
What is happening in hospitals has become difficult. Those who are infected are being returned to their homes because of not being cured.
Numbers are bound to collapse because if the Senior Health Doctors Association should react negatively to the doctors’ teaching and salary, they will also collapse with their equipment. The Speaker of the Association, Dr. Aaron Musara, suggested that the conditioning process improve at the hospital.
Dr Musara said despite having signed a letter to government agencies announcing that he would fall from his courtyard, he has not yet received an answer.
High officials at government hospitals are also unemployed, and they say the government will not pay off some of the $ 2018 million (U.S). Also, when they go to work, they will not be equipped with equipment to protect their equipment.
Enoch Dongo, a member of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, says they have had no consultations with the government.
A spokesman for Zimbabwe’s Hospital Doctors Association (ZHDA), Dr Hapwa Mungofa, has also claimed that since the government does not allow the doctors to go to hospitals, the victims are less likely to receive nursing care.
Mr. Mungofa acknowledged that during the time the customs officers put their equipment in place, most of their workers remained at home for protection against COVID-19.
studio 7 was unable to engage the government in a frightening discussion about how to solve the problem, since the minister of health, Professor Amon Murwira, is unable to use their phones.
Mr. Murwira said he had started a conversation with one of them last week. His assistant elder, John Mangwiro, also reprimanded Stuck 7 for not listening to them because they were very busy.
The Chief Executive Officer of Health Services Board, Dr Paulinus Sikoana, is also attending a meeting on the death of COVID-19, so they cannot converse with us.
Health professionals also indicate that the government must act in a way that allows mediums to operate and preserve custody officers responsible for the suicides of children during the national tragedy of COVID-19, which has cost twenty-five lives.
The Vice Chancellor of CityCouncil indicates that they are prepared to eat what the court said on Monday, the Kansere will not build the damaged structures in their home country.
The Kansere Secretary, Abel Gotora, was speaking to some of the customers interrupted by the census, whose homes were being demolished by the census, by the census, by the census, by the census, by the census, by the census, by the census, by some customers.
Mr. Gotora said, however, that we are not going to have all the buildings destroyed but that we are going to build the one for the six who are taken to the court.
Tafadwa Marimo, Emmanuel Ngwaru, Richard Svosve, Pepukayi Marega and Devis Shopo were among those who took the Kansere to court.
One of these six, Emmanuel Gwaru, declared that he was delighted with the court ruling’s decision-making decision-making process, for instance, having been asked by the government to repair structures in the area, and not asking them to destroy structures.
Mr. Gwaru is disturbed that one of the most difficult of his problems is paying the opportunity to rebuild houses. Gadzema Kansela Patriciahibaya says he the court’s sentence because it was difficult for him to comply with what the local minister had commanded him to do in the city. At the same time, the victims were given the courtesy of their houses.
Mr. Gotora announced that the singing of this song would include the singing of a new song for 50 customers in Gadzema.
The Speaker of Zimbabwe's Lawyers for Human Rights, Kumbirai Maestri, says recent teraphikes are coming to their office to deliver their messages.
Many Kansers in the country are breaking down unlawful structures.
On the contrary, customers around the world are going to court to refuse to do what the Kansere are doing.
The court on Tuesday delivered his judgment on behalf of the MP due to the death of Morgan Tsvangirai, a growing number of people are asking if Richard Morgan Tsvangirai or Harvest House really belongs to him.
The court ruled that Mrs. Thokozani Khupe is in charge of the MDC-T, until the elections are scheduled to be held in three months.
But those who are going to the largest office of the party are somewhat stronger after the two active members, Ian Makone and Reverend Tim Neil (and the head of the Church of the Province of Central Africa).
Meanwhile, Mr. Alliance General Secretary, Charlton Hwende believes the two are entitled to the department and can go there alone.
Douglas Mwonzora, who is said to be the party’s secretary-general in 2014, also attributed the party to Makone and Neil.
Instead, they say they are convinced they will not be given free to work there. We cannot discuss with Mr. Makone and Mr. Neil and listen to them too.
Vice President Andrew Sikhala, Mr. Sikhala, indicates that St. Marys in thehitungwiza region, is hitchhiking and that advocates of the party are fleeing from their homes.
Sikhala, who was then a member of the Zengeza West legislature, said the police’s office is “winning to apprehend the party’s supporters”.
We also tried to interrupt our discussions with Mr. Ranwe and didn’t want him to answer the questions.
Project 7 and a spokesman for the Police Command, Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi, were unable to frighten the suspects because the suspects were being picked up by the police.
Instead, it has been announced that the day they want to commend supporters of MDY is the day they want to stop the demonstrations they have planned to take place in all the countries.
Sikhala, who was arrested last month accused of trying to dismantle the Emmerson M Bawagwa government in front of studio 7 that most people are fleeing from their homes because of the fear of being picked up.
Over 90 people were picked up on Harare Friday because of the exhibition of MDY on that occasion.
I love to have a demonstration in the capital, but the police, using the Public Order and the Seourity Actno, do not want the party to continue the demonstration.
The police has packed it over to stop the demonstration in Harare, Bulawayo, Gweru, and Masvingo.
This, according to political analysts, can also happen at Mutare, where MDD is planning to hold a demonstration on Thursday.
On the basis of the legislation of Parliament on government’s annual economy, the Minister of Justice, Ziyambi Ziyambi, and the Minister of Finance, Mthuli Nooube was dismissed as the one who won the MDC-T head of the Thokozani Khupe.
The Supreme Court, Priscilla Munangati Manongwa, on Thursday announced that Ziyambi and Nubuube are convicted and cannot represent the MDC-T as part of the constitution of the Constitution of the Constitution of Parliament.
I'll be able to obtain R7,500M in RTGS.
Experts say Nelson sought refuge in MD when Mrs. Khupe wrote to the bank stating that advocates of the Hamisa are being removed from those who succeeded in contributing money from the party at Steward Bank.
Luke tamborinyoka, a deputy speaker for the MDC-T question, expressed his appreciation for the verdict.
Komiohi, who claims to be the leader of the party, however, indicated that he would provide measures to collect money due to his being the leader of the party (to the extent that he, in a statement, failed to comply with the highest rules of the party, could not take the lead in the party.
Mr. Tamborinyoka says a quarrel can also take some of the money because the MP took it on his name and went to the Parliament.
But Komiohi said the Hamisa and the others should obey the law.
However, Harare’s lawyer, Kudazi Kadzere, said it was possible to escape the verdict of the court within a decade.
Ziyambi told the 7 Studios on deceased that they could interfere with the court’s trial within a decade.
We cannot complain about the unresponsiveness of Mudenda, the chief of parliament and the rest of the economy, since their names are in the jury.
Some lawyers, on the other hand, indicate that they have not given their statements denying that the case was taken.
This is not the first day of the struggle for the money.
Later, in 2006, when the Chief Executive Secretary, Welshman Nubuube, invaded Tsuangirai in November 2005, he formed his own MD. And he continued to collect money from the MD’s committee, giving Mr. Ysvangirai, the chief Executive Officer of Parliament, no money.
Zimbabovic, Dr Rita Nyampinya, a member of the Female Prisoners Suport Trust, said she is excited to have obtained the 2020 International Women of aourage Award.
The award commemorates the excellence of women around the world and is awarded by the United States Dpartment of International Relation.
Dr Nyampinga said he never thought of getting this award and said he was very excited to be counted among the 11 women out of all parts of the world.
Dr Nyampiga said they would travel to different prisons in the United States to learn about the state of the prison so that they could persevere in their work in the country.
Dr Nyampinga said they need courage and are excited to see others see their jobs.
Speaking at the autumn, the Secretary of State of International Relations, Mihael Pompeo, said the work done by the two women is grateful and calls for courage.
The ceremony was canceled in the last four decades.
They have not yet received any of these medals from Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaijan, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Nioaragua, Pakistan, Syria, Yemen, Zimbabwe.
Mr Pompey said this exercise is crucial because it allows women the opportunity to use it to ensure success in all parts of the world.
Speaking on this lunar day, the President of the United States, Melania Trump, said she is excited about the work that women around the world are doing in the interest of the private sector.
Mr Pompey said in the past four years, they have had a lot of difficulties encountering women who are being rejected for the job, and for the past four years, they have had a lot of difficulties encountering women doing amazing things around the world.
Dr Nyampinga declared that he embarked on a successful private combat three decades ago.
If it is set aside, Ms. Nyampinga is a member of the Women Coalition Of Zimbabwe, orises in Zimbabwe Coalition, Women Aademy on Political Leadership Exoellenoe and Women and Aids Support Network.
Other women in Zimbabwe have also acquired such valuable things as Ms. na Williams, Ms. Wagadonga Mahlangu, Ms. Estina Mukoko and Ms. Beatrioe Mtetwa.
The Ministry of Health said it had asked South Africa to do research to see if Zimbabyes returned from the state on Tuesday to be infected with the Corona virus.
According to him, the study of Zimbabwe was untrue. The South Africa National Institute of Omuniable Disease has a medical team in northern South Africa that determines whether a person has the Coronavirus or not.
The woman is at the Wilkins Hospital in Harare. Dr Portia Manangazira, a medical doctor, said within five days, the woman will be diagnosed with the disease or not.
The combination of small vessels and vessels from the ZUPCO has led to an increase in the number of passengers to the port despite the country’s struggle to destroy COVID-19.
More and more people are suffering during their travels, especially during the evening when they have to force themselves to board the slightest vessels available.
The government has passed legislation to compel passengers to reduce the spread of COVID-19, and ZUPCOs are the only ones equipped to transport passengers.
But vans are reluctant to go to work because ZUPCO does not pay them their bills quickly.
The private vans met with the leadership of ZUPCO on Monday to try to escalate any problems caused by the salaries of the drivers.
On Tuesday, the vessels were scheduled to meet the officials of the government to correct the attacks.
studio 7 has also not been able to hear ZUPCO say what is being done to repair damaged vessels.
But the Chief Executive Officer of Harare Residents Turst, Preoious Shumba, indicated that the government must settle road problems in a very short period of time before negotiations break down.
According to Lions, the government must transport the police and the military to its ports in order to ensure that the people comply with the laws stipulated to facilitate the spread of the disease.
Health workers, according to the Commission, must also check to see if they are infected with HIV or COVID-19.
Officials of the Bulawayo corporation and other departments met with the management of the town to discuss the impact of the extreme rainfall. The incident happened some time ago.
The Chief Executive Officer of associationfor Business in Zimbabwe (ABuz), Viotor Nyoni, said the floodwaters have destroyed their because the workers need water for their.
Mr. Nyoni indicates that the authorities he met have pledged to find water during the next week. The Kansere officials say they will steal their jobs late this week.
For two weeks, residents in Bulawayo were unable to find water despite the fact that the Kansere was preparing the water.
It is because the source of water is reduced.
Mr. Nyoni says we are well-known that the town of Bulawayo has been in existence for over a hundred years and that the plumbing system is in existence.
He called on the government and the Kansere to take the initiative to address the problem once and for all time.
studio 7 failed to listen to the telling of Kansere.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Associationa, representing the surge of doctors, announced after meeting the President on Wednesday, they are waiting to hear the President, Emmerson M Xiaagwa.
The treasurer at the conference, Dr. Prince Butau, indicates that he is expecting to hear something from Mr. Misanagwa on Thursday or Friday.
Mr. Mpunagwe, who was resting, came instantly to settle the dispute over the strike of doctors.
The hospital’s number has been in trouble since doctors put their equipment down on their first day of menstruation.
But the Chief Executive Officer of themunity Working Group on Health, Mr. Itai Rusike, urged the government to settle any problems quickly and provide medical support before the demands of the locations.
A group of Zimbabweans in South Africa are reacting to a demonstration at the Groote Sozono Hospital in on apape Town, where the Vice President, onstantino, is receiving medical attention. It is said that a nursing mother should not go to her country for nursing.
Mr. Census was taken to a new country in South Africa to be treated but with no evidence of his being in a major hospital in the South Africa area, to set up a 7-year study.
The Minister of Public Relations, Monioa Mutsvangwa and the Information Secretary, Niok Mangwana, say they have done nothing to relate to George’s arrest the following day after a conversation with the seven others in the Zimbabwe area.
But studio 7 failed to stop conversing withharamba as to whether it was true that she was in a hospital where she was receiving medical attention.
Another Zimbabovic, known as an arloshimbi, a resident in the apex Town area, joined the Zimbabwean exhibition team.
He acknowledged his regret that the Vice Chancellor has mistreated the rights of disabled persons in the country and that if they are sick, they will be served abroad.
he added he was grateful that he had been able to reach the hospital with the words when the head of the hospital asked him to speak to him but did not say whether Mr. was in the hospital or not.
he made it known to him that the burial chief was unlawful to speak about patients who would come to hospital unless they were in the hospital.
During the last year, the hospital’s equipment was thrown down, and the people were angered by the ignorance of the doctors, but the government did not take full measures to eliminate the problems that existed in the sanitary sector.
The Groote Sunkhurr Hospital is the world's first heart operation.
The Police Command has urged the non-governmental MP to discontinue their scheduled larger gatherings at the time of the assembly and that their President, Nelson Hammisa, will announce the concerns of the party for the year.
referring to the conclusion of their maiden meeting in Harare, the Vice Chancellor of MD, Luke tamborinyoka, said the assembly was packed up by the police to be watchful of the incoming school.
amborinyoka said the assembly will not be held tomorrow because my party does not want the police to attack their supporters.
he added the police clearly wanted to argue with their supporters as they did when the party decided to demonstrate their country.
he announced that the 2020 Assembly, which was scheduled to be held at the Ms Musodzi Hall in Mbare, will be held on Tuesday, the next week. He will reveal the location of the event at a later time.
Mr. Tamboinyoka declared that I'm tired of being seen as a member of the political party and thinking about breaking the law or changing their policies.
We were unable to hear anything from a Zimbabwe police spokesman, Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi, because his old phones were gone.
Political analyst Masimba Kuohera summoned studio 7 for suspecting that the integrity of the MP was being violated by the police.
According to him, in the previous year, the ZRP insisted that no demonstrations be made in the town of the country. It is said that they fear that the demonstration will bring as much violence as it did in January.
This year’s Nobel peace Award has been awarded to Ethiopia’s Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed. Norway for the award.
They punished him for the peace he brought between his country and Eritrea at a time when their oils were about two decades ago.
The first victim of the award was Albert Luthuli, from South Africa, in 1960.
These included Nelson Mandela from South Africa, Anwar Sedat from Egypt, and Kofi Annan from Ghana.
Also awarded are Arohbishop Desmond Tutu, Liberia President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Wangari Maathai of Kenya (the African woman who received the award for the first time).
The former Prime Minister of Zimbabwe, Morgan Tsvangirai, was discharged from the position of those who could accept the award in 201ll.
Dr. Pedzisayi Ruhanya of University of Johannesburg has declared that the President, Emmerson M Ocagwa, has had a lot of reasons to learn from Ahim’s leadership.
Many elephants and livestock are dying in Hwange National Park due to severe famine and thirst. The government is now taking measures to stop the elephants from dying.
After going to studio 7 at Hwamge National Park, we chanced upon several elephants dying of starvation and thirst.
Tinashe Pharawo, a spokesman for the Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority (ZimParks) said in a study of studio 7 that, beginning in the month, eight-five elephants have died and two hundred species have died of starvation in this year.
The Pharaohs added that apart from the famine, the loss of food and water in the region has resulted in the death of many elephants and animals.
For an elephant to eat, it would require about 200 pounds [500 kg] of food and about two gallons [200 L] of water and more.
Today, ZimParks indicates that there are about 45,000 elephants in the area.
According to the Zipparks, the list is false, and it is being done in an attempt to sell elephants.
The Committee of Advoyat4Earth, Lenin Hisaira, acknowledges that the death of the rest of the elephants and animals is due to the starvation and belongs to the unbelievers listed in the Zim Park list.
According to Hisaira, the government has planned to allow the mining sites to be mined and declared as uncommon in the area, resulting in food shortages for the animals of Hwange National Park.
However, Mr. Pharawo acknowledged that caregivers have heeded the proposal of an agreement that elephants and wild beasts in the area have gone to heaven and that their workers are doing well. It went on to ensure that they could come to their senses.
Zimbabwe and some of the northern African countries, including Botswana, are insisting that the International oonvention on the Trade at Endagered allow their elephants to be sold as their numbers are increasing. This has resulted in considerable problems for the safety of animals and people.
The animals have killed 30 people in the same year alone.
At the ITS conference in Geneva, Switzerland, in June, the Association disagreed with the removal of the elephant tabono.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Safari Operators Association of Zimbabwe, Emmanuel Fundira, said it would be necessary for ITS and those who work hard to address the concerns caused by the elephants in Zimbabwe and other countries.
The Minister of Climate Change and Tourism, Nqobizitha Ndlovu, said in the audiotape of studio 7, the government is trying to collaborate with other countries to support ITES.
They also claimed that it could be arranged to transport elephants to other countries of the ITES.
Hwange National Park was opened in 1928 and is the largest park in the country.
The habitat of the beasts is more than 10,000-quare-mile-long [14,000 sq km] long and is now dominated by elephants in 2000.”
The Secretary-General of the Footballers Union of Zimbabwe, Fuz, Paul Gundani, died in Kwekwe Wednesday afternoon, shortly after falling ill.
The exact origin of the death has not yet been identified.
FUZ said Gundani died at Topomasi Private Hospital in Kwekwe.
The soccer team says the hole is near death and it is unlikely that anything can be traced to it because it was with the right heart to help the players.
The Gundaian player for Zisopo Steel, who returned to the Young Warriors team, followed up forWarriors in his time known as the ‘Dream Team’ by Reinard Fabisopoh.
The FAZ announcer, Marlene Gadzirayi, said it surprised her when she heard that Gundani was missing.
“I remember with sadness the days before when we were thinking about how to move on,” confessed Ms Gaditarayi, “while, I heard them today that they are missing but that I do not yet know what Mr. Gundani did.”
Miss Gadfurayi says the country has lost a lot of soccer. Miss Gadfurayi continues that she has not heard anything from Mr. Gundani and is waiting to hear the time when she will be buried from the family.
The Zimbabwe Football Association has expressed sorrow over the Gundarian death and will support the family for all funeral arrangements.
The Zifa Communications Officer, Xolisani Gwesele, said Gundani's death is a national tragedy and it's difficult to find a football player like him.
“Pace does not belong to Paul Gundani”, Gwesela wrote in the Zifa interlocutory.
The chieftain, Robert Mugabe, was unable to be taken to his house in Zyimba, where his wife, Grace Mugabe, was sick.
Some relatives say the body is coming to Zyimba on Monday.
A thousand people are waiting for the funeral of the President Mugabe today in Zyimba afternoon.
The spokesman for the Mugabe family, the great-grandfather of Mugabe, Leo Mugabe, declared that the Mugabe body has been chanced upon today and that he does not know the reason for it being sent by King Zyimba.
Leo Mugabe said the body would come home early in the morning.
But the chief Katizagombo, also known as Gibsonenami, indicates that the body does not come to Zyimba as it is expected because Mrs. Grace Mugabe is sick.
King Katizogombo further said the body would be in the government until the day of the burial.
But this is the contrary to what Leo Mugabe said you will have the body with his family until they are ready to finish the precious burial cave in it.
The President Mugabe has rejected the unprecedented arrangement and has rejected the compassion of the majority, whether the body of Mugabe is coming or not in 30 days to be buried.
Leo Mugabe said the body of Mugabe would be in Zyimba one day and would later be brought to Harare, the burial place.
Leo Mugabe disclosed that people are in need at the house of President Mugabe in Harare.
One of the members of the MDC-T non-governmental party led by Nelson’s quarreling, who is now in charge of his death in Zyimba, Lloyd Tarubwa of Banket, who was picked up for nine months after he was not taken to court, said they came to see if President Mugabe was really dead.
Many in the country have been surprised by how Mr. Mugabe’s funerals were constructed. It is thought that Mr. Mugabe’s death was due to the reports he endured during his lifetime.
Mr. Mugabe died in Singapore in the ninth month of his sixth day, after a long period of illness.
The Teachers’ unit Amalgamted Rural Teachers Union or ArtUZ in Zimbabwe says, according to one of its Chancellors, Godfrey ohanda, was picked up and picked up by the police for two hours without being heard by anybody.
However, the Handa, who is a member of the committee of Artuz, has been released in the Central Region when it was ordered not to meet with the Gweru combatant.
The expulsion of the kingdom due to the insurgency of the combatants turned into a two-day period, according to Artuz General Obert Masaraure.
According to Masaraure, some of the coalition team is also struggling to support it.
The show ended on Wednesday.
But Masaraure said a meeting would be held after the strike and a step forward would be taken.
We have not been able to meet the Minister of Labor, Miss Sekai Nzenza, and have asked the government how to handle the matter, but she should use her old phone.
Following the Platinum from the AF Champions League, people are asking many questions about Zimbabwe's soccer field.
On the other hand, if there are two remaining matchs, it is not possible for F Platinum to match Esperanosu with eight children or for them to win the seven-year-old Horoya Athletian Stadium. It was also defeated at their own home and in a foreign country in Horoya. It is the first match to ensure that the team is equal.
For the last time, Fo Platinum has won only one prize out of four matchs, so the rest of the match is being won for the glory of the spectator Spenosoer Mushambadope.
Mushambadope says they have no results in the rest of the game.
The former year, the club survived the first phase of the match. Angola Primeiro de August was rescued after Lunda had picked them up again in their home.
In the mid-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two.
In the same year, the Ngezi Platinum Stars, who were replaceing Zimbabwe in the round of onfederation, began to compete in the first half after Angola Libolo defeated them.
Harare Citya had the same championship in the first half of the first half of the first half two thousand and sixteen years. Zanao in Zambia compelled them to go through the second half of the race at Rufaro Stadium and finish 3-1 in Zambia.
This shows that the local soccer team is unable to stand before the rest of the African team just as Dinamos in the previous years was able to compete successfully to complete the final championship of the Champions League match between the first century and the second and the second half of the championship.
Unfortunately, F. Platinum has won only one champion in four games, not even one. Moreover, six champions have been awarded in four.
The question is, if a team is defeating the remaining club in Zimbabwe and this effort is being made known in Africa, what is being said about the national team?
An outstanding advocate of theaps United, Tinashe Musebi, says a lot of motivation is needed to make the Zimbabwean soccer clubs young for Lesotho, Botswana, and Swaziland.
The Olympic champions are unable to match in Africa because all the players who were helped to save the club are going abroad, South Africa while competing in Africa.
Last year, Fumu Platinum suffered the losses of Gerald Takwara, Elvis nohipezeze, and Talent. This year, they were defeated at the birth of Rodwell’s champion in Baroka.
However, John Hikoohi, who led the Lengthens soccer team for the Premier Sooer League, said Zimbabwe must continue its match in the country so that the soccer parties can pay soccer wages that will prevent them from traveling to South Africa and Zambia.
Meanwhile, Zimbabwe has only two soccer matchs, theastle Lager Premier Sooer League and thehibuku Supera. The final year of Zifa battle is two thousand five years ago.
Zimbabwe has no soccer prize, and some people prefer to sing a song or something else because they have a salary.
If this continues, it will be a long time before the National Football Clubs will be able to compete against the other Abibans.
The elections for the Democratic Party in the US elections in October 2020, have been embarrassing since the elections was held for New York Mayor Mihohael Bloomberg.
Bloomberg, who has become very wealthy, did not appear on his party by-election in the election to release the President of RePublican, Donald Trump, who is speakingn to by the party.
Mr. Bloomberg announced in October 2020 that they are entering the party, announcing it over $400M. The amount belongs to them.
The Vice Chancellor did not take sides in the By-election in Iowa and New Hampshire. nor did he take sides in the By-election on Navada and South at Armageddon, when the election is coming at the 14th district elections to represent the Democratic Party party in the President’s election.
When Bloomberg decided to go to a post, the party’s children, such as Bernie Sanders, who represents Vermont in the media, and Elizabeth Warren who represents Massahusetts in the media, began to make her own history worse.
Speaking at the upcoming Nevada congressional assembly, Mr. Sanders said, in order to win Mr. Trump, his party needs someone who can gather more troops than has ever been in the history of AmErica.
Mr. Sanders said Mr. Bloomberg is a well-known official in New York and I am going to take the initiative to convict him and seek to find the black and Latinos whom he did not do well. He added that the initiative hasn't helped many people to reject Trump's office in October 2020.
But Bloomberg rejected Mr. Sanders, claiming that Mr. Sanders, who is spearheading the election, has been appointed the Democratic Party leader in the President’s election at Mr. Trump for the next four years.
A political analyst who is a member of the Zanu PF, Frank Guni, said it is clear that the match is in itself between Sanders and Bloomberg. In it it it was clear that now Sanders had a lot of supporters.
Guni says, on the minds of her, Bloomberg and Sanders have to stand in the President’s election in order to win against Trump.
Some who have taken a stand for the Democratic Party say: Baraok Obama's leadership was deceitful, bore Biden; Minnesota's Senate Amy Klobuohhar and I'm going to be in South Bend in Indiana and the Ghanaian man Pete Buttigieg.
The Democratic Party has 3,979 dligetes and 1,990 dlegates in order to be elected to lead the party in the President’s elections.
Adding to the d'ligetes is that we have a distinctive d'ligates so that 4,750 d'ligates and 2,200 d'ligates would have to be served when a Democratic meeting was held in September.
Many people go to banks early in the morning with the prospect of entering the largest bank in the world but have failed to realize their intentions.
Studies conducted by studio 7 at banks in Harare, Bulawayo, cheating, Masvingo, Mutare, Gweru, and other cities indicate that no banks have already received the new money, and most banks have not been able to access the people.
ɛossam Marwira, one of the bank staff, said she had been waiting the same money one day since she heard in the news that another money was going to be brought.
Mr. Marwira made it clear that it was very important for him to buy money on the market and said people like him could easily get money from a bank.
A man who has bought and sold money on the market and who doesn’t want to be named after this announced to studio 7 that he was looking at the new money but he couldn’t see anything.
RBZ, a central bank, recently announced that it will introduce a new policy of conservation, which is believed to reduce the importance of the country.
The Governor of the RBZ, John Mangudya, has announced that he will bring about the equivalent of $2M and the equivalent of $250 today.
The President of the Bankers Association of Zimbabwe, Webster Rusere, said the matter was solely RBZ.
The mismanagement of the economy has sparked controversy in the country. Some say it will help people who mourn for money but others say it is an example of punishment.
The Zimbabweans, who remained silent in South Africa, were shocked by the burning debt, which is suspected to be one of South African citizens who do not want foreigners to get jobs.
The South African minister of police, Bheki Jele; the Minister of Transport,fikile Mbalula; and the Minister of traffic, Thulas Nxesi, were gathered with drivers of truck drivers. Those looking for jobs and employers were warned not to punish those burning trucks.
Jele warned drivers of large ships that their fires would cause them to be picked up because they were ruining the economy.
But after a two-hour discourse, N2 was picked up in Durban.
A spokesman for the police, Superinendent Parboo Sewpersad, announced the construction of a new plane.
Meanwhile, an eight ships, the most unwanted of the Zimbabwean population, were set ablaze at KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng.
The President of the Zimbabwe Exiles Forum, Gabriel Shumba, said the roads in SA have been blocked and blocked.
representing the South Africa Zimbabwe Exemption Permits, Edward Muohatuta indicated that after the incident, he and some other drivers also planned to invite the government to come into the matter.
George Nanyika, one of the drivers, has called for a brief discussion.
Davie Munadafa, another driver, also expressed fear of losing her life.
Munadafa went on to say that most drivers do not know about their destiny.
South Africa's Chief of Police, Bheki Jele, warned that the suspects would be stopped.
Lions says the incident is just as far as South Africa’s citizens have already faced the need for foreign immigrants to leave the country.
Shumba has also blamed the media for failing to give the country a hearing on the matter.
Lions added that their company has sent a letter to the foreign ministry in South Africa and Zimbabwe urging them to work together to solve the problem.
Dewa Mavhinga, the Regional Director of Human Rights Watongh in the Upper Africa, challenged the allegation and advised all passengers to stay late at night.
The decline of the country’s economy is driving the Zimbabweans to work in South Africa. This has resulted in chaos because South Africa’s citizens are speaking to foreigners for work.
The court order ordered, a seven-year registration officer for the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ associationkrakye, Dr. Peter Magombeyi, to go to South Africa to be cured after being subjected to severe abuse on the fourth day of September.
The United States is supplying Zimbabwe with another $42M. The money will be used to buy food for a million people from the next month to May 2020
villagers in Gwanda in the southern part of Matabeleland told studio 7 that there is no significant growth in the government’s era and that the private sector is doing well at this point.
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, will address the United Nations Committee in New York.
The leadership of mine is gathering with Harare Citykansere to find ways to meet the town’s water crisis.
In the evening program The eight o ’ clock on LiveTalk, we discuss what young ones can do to enrich the economy so that the young ones will not be out of the country for a better life in a foreign country where they suffer mistreatment from foreigners.
If you would like to receive a copy of this activity or would like to send a copy of the project, make it possible for you to receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the one that will receive a copy of the school.”
If you would like to listen to studio 7, you will have our time at about 909 in the morning, 4930 in the morning, 6040 in the morning, and 15460 in the Short Wave each.
Project 7 can be reduced to six hours between Monday and Friday at 909am, 49 30, 7270 and 9885 at Short Wave.
Zimbabwe celebrated the International Women’s Day with all the adults around the world, many of whom are saying they are often compelled to do so because they are not being cared for by the authorities in the country.
While the Zimbabweans have the highest standards for equal rights, many of the women with whom we spoke showed little importance to government, political institutions, religious institutions, or agencies that would expect this to happen.
The MP, Madam, who is also a lawyer, Miss. ¢essy Maéome, told studio 7 that women are facing extreme pressure in the country because of the incident involving men in adulthood.
It is said there is a grand opportunity for the state to bridge the gap between women and men if they comply with the law.
The President of the Zimbabwe Women Lawyers Associationano, Abigail Matsvai, told Studium 7 that today is an urgent and urgent day to urge government officials to comply with the laws that guarantee equal rights to men and women.
One of the members of the Men and Women’s Committee, Miss Tsungirai Hungwe-himbunde, reprimanded studio 7 that comprehensive education would be needed in order to highlight the value of equal rights between men and women.
he says his authority is trying very hard to communicate with various political parties and to give women the opportunity to participate in the elections so that the majority of women can resist the urge to compromise.
This year’s highlight is Think Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for oneness.
Mr. Maeome indicates that as far as the matter was concerned, the elective question must exercise its authority in helping men and women to attain the full number of candidates in the 2023 elections.
Mrs Matsvai has also supported this reform committee in the leadership capacity.
Mr. Maeome added that women must join the army to combat and to let men join the army.
he added it is clear that the majority of the men in the party do not want to leave the area, and that is why they and the women in the area are quarreling.
Women’s Day is celebrated on the eighth day of the International Women’s Day each year, highlighting women’s performance in business, politics, and other activities, thus demonstrating that women should have the capacity for men.
The ceremony, which has been initiated by the government at Gokwe in the Midlands area, was held by various agencies at various locations. The leadership of MDY, Nelson Hamisa, also held it athitungwiza.
The media, including the Zimbabwe Human Right Commission, also declared that women are unable to move because of economic pressures.
The Zimbabwe peace Prroject also introduced their story of the event as a combat against the intolerance of persecutors, at the end of a national demonstration.
Children who are unemployed are sentenced to 48 hours to work because their strike is unlawful.
District judges Rodgers Manyangadze and Lawrenoe Murasi have given the doctors two days to go to work.
The court also answered that children’s doctors and the government have been given two weeks to settle the dispute.
Vice Chancellor of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ associationkrakye, Dr. Masimba Ndoro, says despite the complaint, the doctors are not entitled to work.
If they don’t do so, they don’t be afraid to lose their job, Dr. Ndoro said, those who have taken the job have to do all they have to do to go to work.
The Lawya for Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ Assoiation, Doug nnoltart, indicates that he does not agree with the court and that he will also consider the reasons for the decision.
he added that, if the doctors wish, he is entitled to consult the court on the issue of judgment.
Project 7 has failed to establish between the Ministry of Health, Dr. Obadiah Mayo and the Health Service Board.
The doctors laid down their equipment on the third day of pledge that they had no work to do.
The doctors who go to work also put on the room last Thursday when they don’t come out claiming their salary is the state of the hospital.
The US government has announced that it has destroyed the neighborhood of Maniwaaland by the Idai, and that the massacre will continue to afflict the people there.
In a conversation with Toyota-7 at the US ambassador’s office in the country, the Roads Minister of USAID,ason Taylor, said, in negotiations with his agencies to build roads and build damaged structures, they are focusing on the survival of food to save lives.
Taylor said the downfall in the province of Manioaland is so severe that the Zimbabwe government alone cannot stop it.
Taylor, who visited the province of Manioaland to bring supplies of food to them, claims to have been surprised when he saw the people in the region tremble.
She said the children she saw were in pain. She took notice the importance of providing meals, including meals and shelter for people in Manieland, as well as helping them to feel better.
According to Taylor, upon the leadership of the Chairperson and thehipinge, suspects suspected of falling into a state-sponsored party have not been chanced upon.
USAID will also send scientists to Zimbabwe to explain to the Zimbabweans when and where the storm will occur and how the people and property will be protected.
Ever since Idai was built, the United States has given Zimbabwe $2.6M.
The government of Zimbabwe, the United Nations and NG Os have embarked on a $60M project to care for the debt victims of the Idai yellow.
It is estimated that 300,000 people are in need in the province of Manioaland, of which 129,00 are children.
Nine districts have been destroyed after the Idai collapse, over a hundred and three hundred schools have been destroyed, leaving 90,000 students homeless.
The government said 300 were numbered in addition to 399 were killed.
They are expecting an increase in the population.
Some patients say they are accepting medical attention abroad because of a strike in the nursing community, which has increased the likelihood that they will die in hospitals without treatment.
Some patients are traveling to countries like South Africa, Botswana, and Zambia to get medical attention following a strike in the children’s community.
One of the patients with whom we spoke in Parirenyatwa, Miss Molline ohindove, said, she often comes to the hospital to get treatment but nothing goes on.
Miss Hindove said she is going to South Africa to get nursing because she fears that she will be killed when her legs fall in water.
One of her relatives, Fiona Muohabaiwa, said she has nothing to do with taking her to Zambia tomorrow for medical attention. And she said it is very expensive.
The country’s poor health facilities are becoming stressful, and more and more people are struggling to leave the country’s hospital to private hospitals for nursing.
Wilbert Kasanze said he had transferred his wife from the hospital for treatment at the private hospital inhitungwiza.
Kasanze says the expenditure of every truck from the heat to thehitungwiza is gone.
The Health Services Board has announced that suspected children will be returning to work as soon as possible.
The Creator, in turn, has urged all rebels to suspend their jobs and, if they are looking for work, to return their license.
This is due to the comments by the Vice Chancellor, onstantino crown, urging all the rebels to stop their jobs.
But the Zimbabwe Doctors for Human Rights says the government has rejected custody officials because custody officials do not have licenses.
Lionel Messi, a football player for Argentina, and Barcelona, a Spanish club, will no longer play football for the country of Argentina without even taking a cup.
Chelsea made the disclosure after rejecting the AmErica match in the United States, which Argentina won the second half of the match after being invaded, after receiving the cup. It was the second time the cup that Argentina was invaded.
The bullet was squeezed into Argentina on Sunday after Francisko Silva hit the goal, and the Argentina giant Sergio Romero couldn't do anything about it.
The two nations were in a direct conflict in the presence of the 82,000 in the East Rutherford District of New York.
All the countries affected by the Apocalypse are in North and South Am Erica.
During the last three years, Argentina celebrated the cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer’s cupbearer.
Chelsea then appealed to Tyo Sports reporter to say that he no longer played soccer for Argentina because he couldn't take the cup even though it was his vision.
Messi is 29 years of age.
Barcelona has won the champions League cup with Barcelona, but Argentina has not been able to champion the AmErica or the World cup.
Some patients in Bulawayo lack medical care at the city’s public hospital due to a four-day strike by doctors.
When studio 7 arrived at the Mpilo hospital, some patients who were severely affected by the disease, including pregnant women who were severely affected by the parasite, were forced to return home.
Mr. Dlamini was told that he had come with his swollen leg and was told that they could not find a doctor and that he should not return home.
We want to talk to Mr. Leonard Mabande, the Chief Executive Officer of the hospital, but he says we have been speaking to Zolani Ndlovu, the Chief Executive Officer of the Electoral Commission, and he says he is so overwhelmed with work that he can’t speak to him now.
The facilities at the hospital in the United Bulawayo have been closed, and the facilities have been denied access to the facilities and have been denied access to patients except for the protection of the victims.
Speaker of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association, Dr Mthabisi Bhe, said doctors are still putting their equipment behind them despite the government’s mandate for work. According to them, they have not heard anything from the government.
Dr Ndlovu shows a number of cases in the hospital where the reason they go to work is that they do not have medicine and the necessities of life.
studio 7 cannot complain to Dr Obadiah Moyo, the Minister of Health, because they have not heard of the government’s claims on the matter.
But Dr Moyo Vice President, Dr John Mangwiro, on the phone said they can't say anything at present because they're not in the country. The Secretary of the Ministry, Dr. Gerald Gwini, couldn't be with us.
Doroas Sibanda, who is the member of Parliament for the Bulawayo Metropolitan province of Bulawayo, in a conversation with studio 7, noted that the intervention by the doctors has taken place for a period of time, and it is tragic that some lives have been forgotten by the government.
Public doctors disposed of their equipment on Saturday, most of whom were admitted to public hospitals for counselors.
Barry Daka, a coworker and soccer professional for the Highlanders, has died when he got sick in a short period of time when he was only seven decades old.
His daughter Lorraine reprimanded studio 7 that her father committed adultery today at their home in Barbourfield.
She said she got sick on Sunday when a concert was started at Barbourfields Stadium, and she was believed to be committed to suicide.
The Highlanders club said on Twitter that they are saddened by the death and add that they are weeping about their family and so forth.
The club revealed that Mr. Daka embarked on his cowboyship in 1986 and seized several cups including the Independence oup, thehibuku Trophy, the Rothmans Shield and the Neth Brew oup.
Mr. Daka has not yet prepared the funeral for the funeral.
The chief musician, Thomas Mapfumo, says he will be one of the Zimbabwean voices who will protest their President, Robert Mugabe, at the United Nations General Assembly in New York next month.
Mr. Mapfumo said it is important for people in Zimbabwe to show that they are dissatisfied with what is happening in their country and that if the number is poor, it is up to the citizenry to demonstrate.
Mr. Mapfumo says he will not give up on six pairs of symposium and will collaborate with the people of Zimbabwe to advise the world headquarters, Mugabe, about the need for a change of number in the country.
“I am a mosque, but in New York I will join others in the protest against the corruption and oppression imposed by the Mugabe government by the Zimbabweans, and I will say to them, ‘I am a mosque.
The exhibition is expected of the members of the #Thisflag, headed by priest Evans Mawarie, the Taamuka Association of October Africa Unity Square, NG Os and supporters of the Zimbabwe party.
Members of the program will be Patson Dzamara, the younger brother of the Defence Minister, Ittai Dzamara, who was missing last year.
The Amalgamated Rural Teachers of Zimbabwe indicates that no distraction has taken place between their government and teachers in solving problems with teachers.
Obert Masaure, the leader of ARTUZ, explained that the company is not interested in finding students who do not get enough to supplement their education, especially poor teachers.
According to Masaraure, since the teachers are unpaid for themselves and their relatives, they are signing a resignation to look for a new job.
We cannot consult with the Minister of Education, Professor Paul Mavhima.
According to the Association of Women with cancer, according to the World Health Organization, according to the country, according to its presentations, it is thought that some people in general are unaware of the pandemic.
According to the leadership of the Association, the cancer sufferers must first consult the psychiatrists before consulting volunteers to help with the cancer sufferers.
Priscilla Mangwiro, an ambassador to the Association of Zimbabwe, has declared that those who have developed the disease must consult professional cancer practitioners for medical attention.
Miss Mangwiro indicates that it is important for people on occasion to go to the hospital to check their bodies to see if they have any form of cancer hidden, especially the malaria.
Miss Mangwiro indicates that the country’s cancer is the second wave of women dying in Zimbabwe.
Mr. Mangwiro said, from the beginning of the first month of the first month of the first month of the Census, his company had taken over 50 women to make sure they had any of the cases or not. The number would go up until the end of the month.
The woman Gertrude Magwaniza, after hearing of an interview with the Association of Zimbabwe, said she had taken her daughter there and was diagnosed with cancer in her household.
Miss Mangwira indicates that many herbs are the primary components of women’s hemorrhages.
Miss Mangwira declared that they should be alert to changes in the women’s population, thus revealing that they have or don’t have cancer.
Miss Mangwiro said most women think they're going to die if they get cancer, but more names are going to be displaced for women to live on a better life.
Miss Mangwiro claims that one of the most common causes of cancer is an increase in oily and sugary foods.
Miss Mangwiro has advised women to use this opportunity to check on their cancer and to be informed about the disease.
More than five thousand people are infected each year and most of the people will be admitted to the doctors by catastrophic diseases.
The government’s Petroleum Authority, Petertrade, says when the government decides how to buy or buy oil, crude oil will never go away.
Speaking on the proposed approval of the Parliamentary Petroleum Commissioner, Peter Chief Executive Officer deceived Godfrey Nooube and declared that it would be possible if the company was given the opportunity to buy or sell oil according to their own preferences.
Mr. Noube acknowledged the increase in prices but the only solution to the problem lies in the country.
Mr Nanoube announced that the government’s oil reserves are expected to decline in the country for more oil in the future.
Mr Noube indicates that an example of the government’s collapse of oil consumption, according to him, is that in the six months preceding the previous year, 50 million liters of oil have been sold, but in the meantime this year, only 30 million liters have been sold.
When asked how to repair damaged oil, the Secretary of the Minerals, Gloria Magombo, said the problem should not be solved by those who have invested their money in the country.
He also indicates that when the problem is solved, all the people need more than his institutions.
Miss Magombo is expressing her intention to have an oil burnt, according to the governor of the Central Bank, John Mangudya, who announced that the burnt offer would indicate the quantity of oil that your truck consumed, indicating that there was no provision for the onset of COVID-19.
Miss Magombo declared that the timetable would not be possible despite Mr. Mangudya told the court in the previous month that he hoped that until the end of May, the debt will be used as predicted.
As a result, Parliamentarians were furious and called for efficiency at the firing firing firing fires, according to Mrs. Magombo, the company of the burning firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing firing fir.
The Chairman of the Commission said they were considering the collapse of oil reserves affecting the production of hydrocarbons in the country.
On Saturday, the Zimbabueans celebrated their 30th anniversary of liberation from black slavery in white affairs.
This African liberation gave hope of one day enjoying the liberation of the white people.
But after 40 years of independence in the country, things have been worse than if they did not even have jobs to support their family
They even fear what they are doing or what the future holds for them when it comes to business dealings.
Health concerns are not worse than the state was expecting of them
Meanwhile, those who are working regularly are on their way out in a race.
The introduction of President Emmerson Mnanagwa to 2017 through the military displacement of President Robert Mugabe, has given public insolence
But some are reluctant to give in simply to the fact that things are getting out of control
So for the past 40 years, the party of ZanuPF has done nothing for the country.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Zanu North Amrka says Regis harumbira as their party has accomplished so much that it has given the Africans the responsibility to be their party member or not.
Mr. Churumbira said his party has completed a thorough investigation into those who have not yet obtained land for cultivation and cultivation.
But Timothy Muringai, assistant secretary to the party of the MDC-T north Am Am Am Am Am Am Am Am Am Am Amoreika, failed to keep his promise.
They do not say that for years in business, in health, in business, there has been a lot of people living at home
Within 18 years of duty by Attorney Ntabazinduna NhlanhlaySPuryeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeye
Ishe and a group of 23 persons were picked up on walls at Feti Mbele desiring to leave the province of Ntabazinduna
This is what leads to the confiscation of Mbele's wife, who has been disfellowshipped.
Lord Ndiwul’s lawyer, dumisani Dube, asked the judge to respect the chiefs of his successor 7th class.
The famous musician, Thomas Mukanya Mapfumo, says he is expecting a song to appear this month when their equipment is destroyed.
This work was done at Eugene, Oregon, in the Americas, known as the Traokdown Studios. Dr. Mapfumo told studio 7 that only 7 of the 15 recorded songs remained.
Heal Zimbabue President, Rashid Mahiya, is expected to have a home baeli
Meanwhile, the suspect in prison is expected to be released on Friday, the police has failed to complete the licensing process.
The attorney for the Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Tonderayi Bhatasara, told studio 7 that the court confiscated the registration license of the Mahiya along with the claim of $ 1,000
“The court’s trial has been suspended because what we were expecting was that the court would resign. Bhatasara told BBC News Stadium 7
Among the suspects was Mahiya taking the initiative to bully the government.
Speaking to the Secretary of the Zimbabwe Medical Service, Saokookoe ohirisa, he said he had obtained a letter from a doctor named paninho urging him to postpone his career.
heirisa, a senior practitioner, said there has been an increase in the number of jobs the doctors have chosen to go to the straice because the smaller doctors go to the straice.
According tohris, in order to be successful in the work, young doctors are needed to come and work.
Speaking on Mr. ohhirisa, he added that the number of nurses in the hospitals is high because of the absence of about 533 doctors.
The Secretary of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Assoiation, Mthabisi Anele fiscal, was also disappointed by the assertion that the young doctors were presiding in schools by the former President, Constantine.
The girl who made the statement was presumed to be in discussions with the government about the doctors and the nurses who lived in the house.
Many of their initiatives have been criticized in the military’s trial.
The smaller doctors say they have to be equipped with clothes and clothes to be used while working and be repaid.
But the government said they had no money so they couldn't do what they were saying.
They have been able to hear what the Ministry of Health, Mr. Obadiah Moyo, is saying when he retired at the conference.
The Labor Court has rejected the government’s decision by refusing to take any documents
Doug tooltart, a lawyer representing the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctor's Association in Labor, said they have not returned any good documents from the Health Services Board,HSB.
The court orderedHSB ’ s lawyers to handle the missing papers on Wednesday
But the doctors say that they are going to court in no way to bring them back to work
The former Vice President of the Association, Masiba Ndoro, said his company needs to be covered daily.
The doctors went to the train on the 3rd grade demanding to use weapons for use
The senior doctors of the Zimbabwe Senior Hospital Doctors' association also went to straeke this Thursday who also had poor salaries and poor health
The doctors who took the application say it is a fact that doctors would go to work without the dress they were wearing.
The doctors, on the other hand, defended the government for shedding 60%.
Meanwhile, two doctors, according to the University of Zimbabwe, have been discharged, and some have been discharged.
Dr. Bothwell Mbuvayesango has also been picked up and approved for pediatric research.
Dr. Mbuvayesanguo acquired a reputation for himself because in 2014, Dr. Wake was also at the height of his examination when it was designed as a garment for the headshipers.
Zimbabwe ’ s Association Doctors for Human Rights has severely criticized Dr. Mbuvayesangano ’ s shaving
Nothing has been heard from the University of Zimbabwe or the government about nursing
But reminders from the minister of health, Health Minister Obadiah Moyo, that doctors should not return to work
According to Moyo, the government is drawing on the consequences of the trial and will determine what the government is not doing
The doctors rebelled against vow 3 because they did not have enough money for work
Government and foreign agencies have renewed their licenses for Koal to be sent to India and Japan
Speaking on the terms of an agreement with Viotoria oonsulting, the Minister of State, Winston ohitando, is aimed at launching a coalition.
Zimbabwe is poised to send about 25 million tons of koal, but 3 million are expected to go at any time
he also claimed that India was the leading source of koal every year.
At the same meeting, President Emerson Mnanagwa said the Zimbabweans cannot fully enjoy the nation’s relationship.
studio 7 has not been able to identify the company of Viortoria oonsulting, and who are the total supervisors of the project.
However, the former Minister of Minerals in the previous government, Gifthimanike, says he does not know why the people of Zimbabwe should be aware of these combatants.
necklace, Nyasha Muohihwa made the same point.
Mr. Muhohihwa also said that his relationships with other nations should be coupled with relationships.
The Minerals Commission (GAMLS), with its 29 departments, has a good cucumber, according to the list.
The coalition of the Hwange team is organized by the Mountain Resouroes.
Three members of the MDC-T party led by Nelson’s quarrel are picked up at Harare on Friday, and released for $ 1,000 baeli
The judge, Ananolor Makwande in his speech, is said to have referred to the two deputy consultants, Tendai Biti and Ms. Lynett Karenyi Kore, their secretary, Ms. Gladys Hlatywayo, their assistant secretary, Mr. Lovemore inhinoputsa, as well as their co-tenant and deputy chairman, David the chief of the party and Mr. Ms. Vongai Tome.
These men are ordered to pay $1,000 for the home of MDɔ ’ s Morgan Tsvangirai
The suspects, according to Ms Makwande, will go to court again on 24 hours per day, with petitions made to the police, until they will be heard.
Commenting on the verdict, one of the Attorney General, Aleo Muohdehama, said the court ordered the people to be present to the parliament to destroy their operations and investigations.
Mr. MuChadehama also said, although the suspect was picked up by three persons for resisting the crime, the suspects were returned to court this morning to the police for breaking the law of the 19th commands.
The six Allies have also discussed the approach in which the court is using the people
Mr. MuChadehama also claims that the victims are unable to protect themselves fromOVID 19 inmates in the prison
The leadership of the party, Nelson Hamisa, has said he will continue to fight for the transformation of the country despite the arrest of some people.
Ms. Makwande disagree with the decision of the Vice Chancellor of the party, Womberaishe Nhende of the hospital to keep the hospital in check.
Mr. Nhende, who has been to have been injured yesterday following his arrest in the hospital
In other decisions, Zimbabwe’s Lawyers for Human Rights said they were held accountable for the suspension of President Emmerson Mpunagwa’s condomineering at $300 baeli
Shungudzemoyo Kaohe, will be brought to trial at home
The Vice Chancellor of the Propetual Healing and Deliveranoe (PHS), Walter Magaya (PHS), has also addressed his concerns in Zimbabwe and is referring to the development of the Ages as the vaccine for HIV/AIDS, the cucumber, and the cucumber.
Speaking to studio 7, he added that at the end of his prayer work on Wednesday night in Francistown, Botswana, Mr. Magya said he sat down and relented his plans to rescue the police who had been arrested on October 2018 by claiming to have obtained HOV/AIDS cure.
At the end of an apology on HIV/AIDS, Mr. Bawwa pays $700 in a repurchaser
But Mr. Magaya was not distracted by the incident, he told studio 7 that he was working with a company that he did not want to register to find the vaccine for HIV/AIDS.
Mr. Magaya said HIV?AIDS is a problem for the Black, and thus he urges all nations to work together to find a vaccine.
Mr. Bawwa is ready to work with other countries because he sees that Zimbabwe has not planned to eradicate the pandemic.
On the contrary, in a statement against Magaya in Zimbabwe, Aretha Midioal companyno, has found that unless their names are registered at Mediumines at the Control Authority of Zimbabwe, and thus the Health Professions Authority has not authorized them to investigate the application of the Aguma drug.
The doctor at a hospital in Francistown, Sengaphi Khuzwayo, looked down on Magaya for making money
Mr. Magaya has already challenged the country since it was announced that he had raped a woman, but the court rejected the matter.
The absence of Pediatiris from the hospital has led adulterers to tribulation in the hospital as if it were in the den of the General Hospital.
Ms. Lisa Sibanda is a woman tired of postpartum depression
Ms. Sibanda said her young woman died in her womb when she was born on Tuesday, but there was no doctor to help her so that her son was killed by someone who came to her aid.
The biggest problem she has, says Ms. Sibanda, is that of washing the defect of her defect as a result of infection.
Ms. Sibanda said they are continuing to suffer from harvesting, and as a result, they cannot access the hospital excavators.
Erasmus Zindoga, who brought his wife to Kariba and said that he had not received any help from any physician but that he did not intend to care for his wife
Zindoga said it had already been rushed out of Kariba to the 250-mile [ 250 km ] trips through the unfortunate facilities at the hospital
We have not heard of the number of women going to tribulation in a hospital for recovery from such places as Kariba, Hurungwe, Karoi, Makonde, and Zwimba
The Vice Chief of Medical Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the first phase of the Medical Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the first phase of the Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the first phase of the Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the first phase of the Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the first phase of the Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the first phase of the Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the first phase of the Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS) for the Laboratory Scientists (GAMLS).
On the contrary, she added that women with unwanted pregnancies, such as those in the hospital for nursing, should not be treated only by nurses.
The Chief Executive Officer of the CityCouncil, Tihohoo Mlauzi, announced in the previous week that, according to him, the 120,000 residents will be evacuated to water tribulation on the three damaged pumps.
The Kansa Association of Zimbabwe commands the citizenry to be entitled to a mediation measure in which the disease is identified.
There are more than 5,000 eyewitnesses of the Cancer Society in Zimbabwe each year and most of them suffer from the pandemic.
The group’s Managing Director,unior Mavhu, says they have an intention to investigate partners to see how they can help them
Cansa is said to be killing more and more people in the country, women though the country is dominated by men.
One of the Kansa departments is urging both men and women to participate in the kansa exercise, expecting that they will set aside birst in the month of March, and will have the worldwide birst in the month of March.
The whole world is looking forward to this month to commemorating the catastrophe and the protection of the catastrophe.
Ms. Mavhu suggests that we take care of all persons every day in order to prevent the spread of the pandemic.
The Zimbabweans celebrated their two-year festivals on Saturday after a massacre of three people at Harare, when some people returned to the market to deny the 2018 elections.
The assassination took place around the world through the media from all over the country, looking for the first enumeration, which occurred between Zanu Pupi, Emmerson M algagwe and the victim of Robert Mugabe.
Misanagwe was contending with Nelson’s quarrel, a man of deep love.
Following the strike, the government formed a committee that was conducted with the South African President Kgalema Motlanthe.
The committee introduced some of the statements indicating that the soldiers and the police were very active in killing and that these people were to be disciplined. It demanded that the government pay the family of the victims.
The Vice Chancellor of Mr. Motlanthe added that the government will not send the victims to school and will not allow the law to be passed on to the police and the military.
Human rights claim that the government has not committed any acts on the proposed edition by the Motlanthe abadw Committee.
Meanwhile, the Minister of State, Monioa Mutsvangwa, says the government is fully aware of what remains of the assembly and is planning to accomplish it.
According to the Assembly’s Chairman, it is yet to be used by the government of Minagwe.
Madhuku said they have warned the government not to expect anything for them because they were murdered by the military of the country.
Human rights expert and Human Rights Watongh's Regional Director for North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga, said the government has not planned to do as the committee stated.
Maurhinga said the incident has not occurred since the last two years, but they have not seized any soldier or done the things said.
Many sites have been excavated from place to place since the President, Emmerson M Bawagwe and his consecutive members, as well as the MP, accompanied the entire country in preparing the work through the country for the day of its establishment.
Mnangagwe arrived at Parirenyatwa hospital this morning with his assistants in the cleaning facility.
Speaking at the conclusion of the repair work, Mr. Mnangagwe said the program went well and served to improve the lives of people.
he added that he is doing this in reminding people that this is what they should do.
Mr. M algagwe also said that people don't know how to stop and learn from other countries like Rwanda where people turn their back on the trash and walk on the floor.
The Minority Leader, Kirsty Koventri and his staff, embarked on the cleansing of Simon Muzenda ’ s roads leading to the cleansing of Africa ’ s Unity Square and the Meikles Hotel and TM Supermarket staff
he added the public was surprised to see them sweeping him.
Workers in the Zimbabwe Newspapers also seated rams and rams and placed garbage relief equipment on rams.
Zimpapers, Beatrioe Tonhodzayi, a spokesman for the Zimpapers region, told studio 7 that pollution and pollution become evident in the region a great deal of efforts to support the government in its activities.
he added all the workers across the country have taken part in the purifying work.
The Minority Officer of Harare, Hebert Gomba, the Service Department of Shusilla and Kansil also broke the debris and set off the trash.
Speaking to studio 7, Maohipisa in the Highfield, Gomba, who is also involved in the pollution work, indicates that he is excited about the large number who took part in the project.
he added the towns need to keep calling on the remaining ones, hence the association continues to call on the sanctity of the towns.
Mr. M algagwa commenced the day, claiming that on the first Friday of each month, it had contributed to the dignity of the people.
The Ministry of Finance commands now to invest in support of the country’s economy.
Speaking to journalists at Harare today, the secretary-general of the department, George Guvamatanga, said it was difficult to bring a small amount of gold about $2 or $1 in return.
According to the Guvanmatanga, the authorities are planning to reduce their income.
They asked how to deal with the stealing problem. The Deputy Minister of State charged with bribery and threatened to treat the customers where they get money from them.
The visitor to Labor and Erononomy Development Researok Institute of Zimbabwe, Nyasha Muohiwa, said that the state can manage its economy successfully unless the state investes its resources in its operations, in foreign affairs.
Mr. Muhohihwa also said it is unlikely that these items can be stopped if they are picked up by those who change their money.
The minister admitted that investing in health also involves increasing the health concerns as well.
The Minister of State, Mthuli Nubuube, also told the media that he was impressed with the initiative toward the economy.
However, the former minister of finance, Tendai Biti, who is one of the three recipients, indicates that the state’s economy is wasting away by the Central Bank of the Reserve Bank for Zimbabwe, doing what he can to support it.
Mr. Biti, who is the chairman of the Parliamentary economy, said the Bank and the Central Bank do not have the laws governing the national currency so as not to destroy the economy and government officials.
However, the authorities are saying that the public does not realize that the country has been investing so much in its markets that it is not going to be served in so long.
The musician, Rise Kagona, is speaking on the history of their collaboration and collaboration with Biggie Tambo.
Children’s legs are dead and they are said to be absent
A medical officer who knew what was going on in the hospital testified that the children died shortly after they were born
studio 7 was also unable to listen to the staff at the hospital
His father, Mr. Langton anewwiti, also died without being cared for on Wednesday, after he left Harare for the hospital.
Mathilda, a chief of the Banquet who was betraying her half brother who died with no help, said, her brother called her to the hospital without help, and she arrived dead.
Ms. ohimbe suggests that those who die in the hospital do not check their timing.
More than 16,000 child-care officers working in public hospitals go to laboratory to get paid.
The government has pledged all custodial officers to resume the project.
On the contrary, the number of people who are contractingOVID 19 is increasing steadily following the procedure that has been postponed to them like maske.
It is now clear that the public is spreading the pandemic across the country, in trucks, at business centers and banks.
studio 7 has also seen dozens of people who did not wear maseke when meeting the people at Harare.
A resident of Harare, Paul Maéaira, who lived by no means said he sometimes forgot to wear
An unnamed resident who was waiting to take a banks in the city, studio 7, asked him if he knew that the number ofOVID-19 cases was increasing.
But he added that while he knew that he was taking a stand for a person’s freedom, the issue of human nature was a contributing factor in the development of social issues.
Simon Zhou, who was also waiting for the truck, told Mt Pleasant Heights, they have also stopped at the same location for about 14 hours.
he added they had not even taken care of the people and had their hands washed as if they were riding on the ZUPCO truck in the country.
The Secretary of Health at MDdo Alliancene’s former Minister of Health, Dr. Henry Madzorera, asked the people to protect themselves in compliance with the rules that have been imposed by health professionals.
Dr. also ordered the timekeeper to hide the house during the time
Deputy Minister, John Mangwiro, told studio 7 that he was teaching people about the pandemic and is examining the blood of many to see if they have at least been infected with the disease that had helped prevent it.
In an interview with his political leaders, President, Emmerson M Bawagwa, at a meeting, he added that the increase inOVID 19 is teaching us that a religion should be introduced.
THE death toll fromOVID 19 is not unique to Zimbabwe, and it has 12 million in all countries and 88,212 in Zimbabwe.
Doctors working at Public Seotor and some others in opposition to the unpleasant treatment of Dr. Peter Magombeyi on Saturday at Harare’s Hospital of Mpilo Sethera Hostpial in Bulwayo.
Doctors, including those who work at the United Bulawayo Polyclinic, have closed the Mpilo Polyclinic to show that an unknown person is treating Dr. Magombeyi at his home in Harare.
According to Ngongoma, people are dying for fear and fear.
The Public Relations Officer of the Kwazulu-Natal Police Command, noted that the suspects were being investigated by the police of Plessislaer.
No one was picked up
Parents are mistreating and leave school
Parents are opposed to the ongoing death and a truck tires are burnt at Putini High Schoola in Mangweni, Umtshezi
We have heard that parents talk about things that are not his way in the children’s school.
The children are said to be empty in the classroom without water and light
The town was speaking on the burial place of literature because the school buildings were not being constructed.
Study is done at a site other than a regular institution provided by the Ministry of Education.
The town doesn't like that.
According to the town’s Kunsila, Nkosingiphile Mpembe, in 2010 the facilities of antenahda were promised to build the school for those who do not do so until now.
The students are sitting and studying during difficult periods. The old waters are often poured out without a permission to drink.
he added at the end of March, a researcher came promising people to come from the authority.
Muzi Mahlambi, a correspondent to the literacy department of KwaZulu-Natal, said the district officials are being called up to see how the matter is handled.
Some spouses have been picked up as robbers.
The suspects are being picked up by the police at Shayamoy in Mpumuza, outside Pietermaritzburg, if they think they have stolen.
It is thought that the citizenry of London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, London, Sunday.
This couple lives together
They suspect that they have stolen about R2 500 dollars and also suspect that they have stolen some of their residents
The one who expresses his opinion implies that even at the time of the apologizing for the apologies, they are getting ready
Both men and women were present as they approached him.
The town’s counsila, which collapsed with Zondo, went to the site yesterday to see what happened
In a statement to him, he added that they were accused of having twice assaulted and were not entitled to punishment.
Back in my town.
We do not know that wickedness is happening in the region, but that does not mean that you are not entitled to rules and regulations
You should call the police to come and pick up the perpetrator.
The reminders I heard were that a man took something out of a store.
Now everything is standing quietly, peaceable.
The man is not from here, the woman is from here.
Ngubo said, I am still looking for his family and we will meet them tomorrow for a discussion.
Commander of the KwaZulu-Natal Police CommandNqobile Gwala said the police were looking for the suspects.
They do all they can to get to know the relatives of the victims but it is not possible for them to leave their nobility.
The Guptas finish some banks with money
The country has undergone about R49 million, according to the Shadow World President Paul Edward Holden’s findings.
The President of the Republic said this was not missing in front of the verdict of the judge, Raymond Zondo.
he indicated that the figure was R49,157,323, 233.
which is often put in a new container.
Holden said this when witnessing had been given about the collection and the collection of taxes and other taxes.
Holden asked the Witness in charge, Mathewhaskalson
Holden told the lethargy that his testimony was based on allegations about how the Gupta’s Akuanto was paid.
Guptas allegedly stole R287 million from Estina Dairy Farm Prroject
This arrangement, they think, is to help farmers in Firi
According to Holden, Guptas started stealing money a year before Estina’s business even started.
As a result, the government started investing money in Estima since June 2011 but Guptas started stealing money to Kotonimaa of 2011
Estina was used to steal money even before the event started
The government, according to the report, paid R287 million for the Gupta family, and the coins were deposited into the banks as if they had benefited from R880 million in 2012 and 2016
The appointment continues
A movie that shows everything about the death of the bride-price
The most important movie has been released by Lindani Myeni in Hawaii, USA.
The movie is as if the caregiver were going out of the house in Honolulu, as if he were delaying between the suspects of marriage.
It is as if she visited a church near her house.
She walks over her shoes at the entrance of the church and kisses the two men.
It means that 40 minutes later they saw the bride-price leaving the house and begging the couple.
From there they saw a woman call on the 911 runner.
The mother told the police that her husband was in the house entering the house.
The person who owns the house is telling him they have not taken anything out of the house.
Some have planned to send these messages to an earthenware sanctuary
The suspect, according to the statement, has been ordered to bring the film without any action.
He also commanded the police to announce the entire 911 call that day.
A brief brief briefing with Mr. William Denselow revealed that the bride-price was invisible when he left home.
According to Biomimeton, his last words were that of an apologist
In the opening picture, the bride-price asked the police about the identity of the police, who were killed and exiled at the hospital.
According to him, although they did not know that Myeni was unrepentant and the police had the video, they met the media and were accused of attacking them.
Biokerson said they will search for the facts to find out what is happening.
A smuggling incident is said to have occurred in the IFP at Melmoth.
The IFP Kanselites have been accused of destroying suspects suspected of being killed by three persons at the party’s assembly in Thubalethu, Mthonerean (Melmothye on Sunday afternoon).
The panel is said to have urged the crowd to go to the meeting place.
The party on a sidelines appealed the party’s leaders for trying to be oppressed when they were asked to have the dismissed IFP Kansela come back.
The leadership of the IFP called the meeting on the suburb of King etshwayo in order to resolve a long-standing issue in the area. Last week, she did not understand that with the release of the Kanselenses, I was going to deceive Bonginkosi biskela.
One of the public squads, who refused to be named after the event when the shooting was being done, have accused the presiding officers of the IFP and Kanseleks of being killed in an attempt to block the performance.
We were holding the exhibition fairly because we were not allowed to go to the meeting because the people there were from different neighborhoods.
A member of the team said all the excavators started after we arrested the Public Relations Officer who was planning to go to the meeting. As a result, security officials and Kanselenses in the area were not allowed to shoot,” he added.
The Minority Leader of the Minority, who was reluctant to make his name known, said the Public Society in the area was a long time ago.
Last week a show was held to explain why their Kansela had been betrayed for their battle.
The assembly is scheduled for tutoring to be held for tutoring, for tutoring, for tutoring, for tutoring, and for tutoring.
The incident started after some of the residents blocked the hotel when the meeting ended, and the security began to be stoned out. As a result, security officials also started shooting.
he also disclosed that some people were also being killed.
This meeting was attended by a member of the newly installed group, Mbangjani Biyela, his assistant Phumlani Ntombela and Kanselenses in the capital city of M Canonene.
They tried to hear about the leadership of the district official, but they were not met.
The Chief Executive Officer, Thami Shangase, said the assembly was not scheduled by the governor of the state. He added that everything was in the hands of the police.
The IFP’s National Public Relations Officer, Mkhizio H Lengwa, said the party will be speakingn for today as a whole about the situation.
Violence broke out following the release of bisela and Kanselenses, which resulted in the division of the people, especially among the members of the IFP Union, who are headed for the unprecedented massacre.
The inspector of the Melmoth Police was investigating the explosion and violence of the Melmoth Police Command, a spokesman for the KwaZulu-Natal Police Command, for the incident.
Mbete means that he is not overlooked in the practice of corruption.
The Speaker of Parliament, Baleka Mbethe, has rejected the corrupt accusation.
Reacting to some of the complaints that he has been presented as a member of the Parliament, Mrs Mbete declared that every person has his opinion, while others are newspapers because experts do not have any evidence.
He even referred to the weapons weapons by name-calling the former President of China as an example of the fact that he obtained a letter about solid objects but knew the origin of the weapons.
Chairman, I know that some of the ones who had witnessed here were familiar with the Anok’t schedule.
I know that speaker is here and you can't say what you have heard.
I can relate the incident on Monday.
Sheets of paper are under my desk.
The letter contains difficult yet inexpressive words.
There is no time in the Parliament and I can't bring with us a book that I don't know the Secretary.
My problem is that someone should come to me and understand what I have to say.
Mbete said that is where I am defending myself in the Parliament for not having to talk about the newspapers.
In the month of June 2, 2021, she was asked why she has taken up Gupta family affairs.
I don't remember it, but I do know that the Gupta family was affected by a foreign explosion.
I think it should not be time for the wrongdoers to know where they are and what they are and to know where they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they are and what they
Consider what they will say about the world he has created for you.
Ms. Methe insisted on how to get the explanation and how to accomplish our work for ourselves.
NSFAS is accused of the deceased student.
Disciples are accusing NSFAS of the death of a disciple who died on Saturday after he named Durban Tvet anollege in the court of Manor
The deceased 26-year-old Jonwabo Manyanya is said to have been a scholar who has completed the Eletrioal infrastruoruture oonstruotion and has been displaced by the owner of his house because of his mortgage debt
So he was sent to the site for two days because he had nowhere to go since Monday he was disfellowshipped.
The deceased was to be in poor health on Wednesday.
His friends told him that he had to leave for room.
reports indicate that on Saturday, Yonwabu died in the area where his friend lived in Durban North.
One of the nearest students of the deceased disclosed that they were surprised by the incident and that is why the NSFAS was being accused of snatching their fish for financial gain.
I am saddened because death could have been stopped
The student said, I like NSFAS because I see him this winter we will hear these words very often.
The deceased was denied access to the media by the people we had not been able to contact.
The Public Relations Officer of the Kwazulu-Natal Police Commander Nqobile Gwala has said nothing.
Asherville’sampus was the one who has had a financial problem, some 50 students appeared behind the school doorstep and presented themselves as teachers.
The disciples refused to pay their rent because they had been expelled from their places of sleep because of not having enough money to pay a rent to them.
Many students dressed in coats from Gauteng, Eastern oape, and Mpumalanga arrived
Mr. Yahabonga Sambu of Ermelo, Mpumalanga, a student at themunity Safety degree, has insisted that the NSFAS be complaining when it comes to financial matters.
According to him, from the month onward they received all sorts of money
There is no money to buy food.
Those looking for work were given a small contribution
Shambu indicates that nothing is going on in the area and that we say but that the government has called on us.
Zinya Mabanga from Johannesburg confirmed the fact that she too was disfellowshipped
Dr. Mthabisiusan who is the Secretary to the Association of Mpilo Hospital Doctors, has expressed his dissatisfaction with the situation and would have been contacted earlier and would like to be treated.
Dr. Tawanda, who also claims to have worked with Dr. Magombeyi, indicates that more and more doctors are now afraid that Dr. Magombeyi will not be released and that he will be employed unless he is paid.
The Chief Director of the Mpilo Hospital, Leonard Mabandi, has indicated that the doctors will soon resume their profession.
Walter also claims that many patients have not been treated by the doctors.
All doctors were picked up for strike. During the two weeks of strike, the doctors insisted they would not have enough money to bring them to work.
The government claims it is going to enforce the law on medical strics but human rights also claim it is unlawful that the government will enforce it.
More and more people are riding on the Kentucky market in the US and are safely leaving Muhammad Ali aged 74
Other participants were former US President Bill linton, as well as George Foreman, Mike Tyson and Lenox Lewis and Will Smith actress.
President Obama also quoted him as saying: “The country can do something very good about poachers who have died and died.
Patricia Chikanga told studio 7 that the country ought to give credit to those taking the lead in the country. More and more people are going to come and praise Ali.
The Zimbabwe Council of Churches (ZCC) indicates that the Matabeleland South, the Matabeleland North and the Bulawayo districts are deeply regretted by what is happening to the foreigners working at the headquarters of the church in the region.
ZCC has gathered a distribution number for the three districts as well as for the doctors who work in the three districts.
ZCC Secretary-General Pr. Dr. Kenneth Mtata reprimanded Studio 7 for agony over the starvation of some
She claims she is in pain and is speaking these words.
he claims that the government must put aside politics to help the hungry
Dr. Mtata suggests that they will let the government know what is going on so that they too can help from house to house reduce their hunger
Zimbabwe’s dollars continue to decline from 2007 to 2008
From $32 to $40 per month
There are a lot of dishes, dishes, and boxes that some have called for just to eat the country’s money.
Speaking at the end of the session, President Emmerson M Bawagwa declared that no nation could surrender to their savings.
Nelson Hamisa of the non-governmental party has also concluded that it would not be possible if the country owed its own money.
But according to economist Prof. Gift Muguano, it is unlikely that politicians will decide what to do with the market.
Denford Matashu, an elderly member of the Onfederation of Zimbabwe, has also observed how the economy has reacted
The Zimbabwe National Chamber of alertness,hris Mugaga, has also said they have to bridle their heads and look for ways to make the clay better.
But Prof. Mugano has claimed that no dog overseer has seized a carreae and that even the government is unwilling to accept the national dollar.
ZCTU’s Secretary-aphet Moyo has also disclosed that business dealings are not as efficient as they are
According to another economist, the Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, the RBZ, is planning to publish funds that will help stabilize the country.
But RBZ Chairman Dr. John Mangudya claims it is all false
Zimbabwe started using the Americas dollars since 2019 but have stopped taking their own dollars just last year.
The Zimbabwe vulnerability Assessment Committee estimates that up to 90 percent of the people in Zimbabwe will be starving from January to July in 2021.
But in rural communities, only one percent was in need of food
The other girls were Matabeland North, Masvingo and Midlands.
Fewsnet, a food agency, has declared that people in the large city also need food because the economy continues to deteriorate.
The most hungry are those who are trained in thehipinge and the cyclone.
”.
But those who are not registered in the club are starving.
The public in Gweru has shown fear of the COVID-19 crisis due to the closing of the city.
over a hundred and twenty people remained at Gwetu Polechnik since Friday
There are also about three thirds of people attending the meetings of the Mcoba faculty
These are the Zimbabweans supervised by South Africa and Botswana
Niok Mangwana, a Media Secretary, has announced that the Mboka college alone can be full of five hundred participants from the Gwetu Polyclinic.
Ms. Enita Nyati reprimanded studio 7 for fearing that such individuals would be picked up by theovid-19 and could come out of the protected facilities.
But Nyasha Mahwende also suggests that such individuals as Zimbabweans should be cared for in order to provide for their own family and friends
It is claimed that apart from the likelihood that these individuals perform unlawful works and therefore need more protection
The security agency on the two sites indicated that it was necessary for the State office of the Midland region to have an approval for Studies in order to get there.
The Midlands Minister, Larry Mavima and Dr. Mahene, heard of the incident but attended a meeting with him.
Researchers in South Africa and Botswana say that while they were there, they were included among immigrants who could have been picked up by the viruses.
Mr. Gwerw Mayohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohohoh
He commanded the citizenry not to be afraid but to be in harmony with the roadside policies and those who had access to the viruses to look after them.
People's Democratic Party President Luoia Matibenga of Gweru has said it is the government ’ s responsibility to protect the citizenry in general.
Those in the Midlands are not affected by the Viruses but are apprehensive about their arrival in the surrounding towns.
The national office on Wednesday met with the doctors who attended the strike for the first time since they attended the strike for the first time in the previous year
Some senior doctors also attended the strike on Wednesday. Many are losing their lives because of the strike team.
President Emmerson Myakagwa has returned from his vacation on Tuesday to speak to Prof. onstantino about the need for a way to stop the strike.
The President of the Republic, Niok Mangwana, a spokesman for the President of the Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Republican Government
Mr.hiwenga on Tuesday demanded that all the doctors go to work
The senior doctors at the Zimbabwe Medical Associationation have given the government 48 hours to do something about the strike of the smaller doctors.
The President of the office of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors associationano, Dr. Elias Muzoremba, held an assembly to hear the comments of the doctors
The media is quoted as saying that the doctors had briefly disclosed the office of the President as the Health Services Board.
The doctors say they want the government to take measures to improve the medical facilities of both the hospital and the private sector in order to pay the US dollar to RTGS
These doctors make $ 329 a month but these coins come in RTGS
On the other hand, the minister of finance at Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University, Prof. Gift Mugano, said the government would not be able to pay all the money.
Dr. Mugano was asked what is happening to make the compasses demanding US dollars and how they can change it.
Mr. Itai Rusike, the President of theommunity Working Group on Health, called for the President to send a lot of money to the health agency in the baggage.
Some residents are saying that the Health Insurance oards are not always easy when they try to buy drugs, they are compelled to bring US dollars or stay at home
The Warriors national team leaves South Africa to compete for theosafa tournament
The team has two matchs between theosafa cup and Africa’s cup of Nations that have to be won this Saturday in theosafa cup.
Theosafa cup is being used to prepare the Afoons for Zimbabwe to seize the cup they seized for the sixth year
Zimbabwe has not had enough soccer to compete for the Afoons game for financial reasons, and Warriors commander declared it to be the capital and the strategy to strengthen the team.
thehidzambwa is expecting to accept the cup again for the cup to be accepted with her four times since the event started in the year
onhidzambwa seized the cup of the ostraca in 20032009, 2017 and 2018
Zimbabwean football players such as Tendai Darshan, Admiral Muskwe, and Aleo Mudimu are the ones who likewise come to the Osamoah cupbearer.
This year the Zimbabwe team is holding the best team to the Afoons because of players like Knowledge Musona and Marvelous Nakamba.
Shingirai Miti, a member of the Warriors Association, has disclosed that there is no competition for him because the cup always belongs to Zimbabwe.
The Zimbabweans are expecting to win the first battle against the Egyptians in the Afoon because of the cup they have seized.
soccer player Ronald Pfumbidzai indicates that they are going to Egypt to be successful.
Zimbabwe and Egypt, the Democratic ReP Public of oongo and Uganda are associated with the group A, which supports the Wellington Mpandare in hopes of emerging from that group.
After the cupbearer comes at the end of the cupbearer that the cupbearer will start over Nigeria to the Mountains in Egypt
Many players view Christmas as a time to spend time with their family and friends but this year as others are attending meetings with their family as they are competing with Egypt in the af Champions League match.
This was the third Platinum match after defeating Sudan’s Al Hilal and defeating Tunisia Etoile dusahel.
Sweswe is going to do this Christmas, and they are expecting victories in the ahead of the games to be played in the two defeated games. the apex United team, Darlington Dodo, has declared the time to inform the citizenry of what they can do when they are not able to take the cup. The Zimbabwe Olympic Committee Commander, Anna Mguni, has announced that they are going to see their family and grandchildren who have seen them for a long time. The basketball player, who is also speaking the same thing, is speaking to the Masingo triangle.
Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZo says the government did not look after strike applicants.
The Association says they want the government to pay teachers for the US dollar.
The Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZo used theivil Service, the Public Service Commission and the Ministry of Finanoe to present their constitution to the government.
studio7 has not heard of government complaints on the matter because of not called Monioa Mustsvangwa, a foreign minister.
According to ArtUZ General Assembly Obert Masaraure, these combatants have to live a normal life but have not lived that way.
Even though the government is concerned about the financial situation of the country, it needs to combat corruption in order to manage the economy efficiently
The government is spending unnecessary amounts of money at a time when it could have been used to shoot the citizenry
Maszarure thinks there is money in the country to solve the problems but one problem is that the national treasury is unable to manage the economy and see the need for planning to solve the problems.
Foreigners are increasing the demand for passports to be available in the country.
As a result, the government ordered registrar-General to pressure Zimbabweans abroad to pay $100 million.
Speaking to the media, Kazembe Kazembe remarked that his minister was keenly aware of the urgency of the public ’ s passport and especially of those in the international community.
he claims that in order to ensure that foreigners can obtain papers from government, the government has felt the need to close the papers in order to get the papers quickly.
However, some find that this is a governmental step toward elevating the foreign exchange rate.
A passport consultant in the country pays $ to RTGS while a passport consultant in the course of three days pays $
And if they want the passport on that day they will pay $.
The Chief Executive Officer of Parliament, Kindness Paradza, has asserted that the Chairperson has supported the closing of the passport to help ensure a better understanding of the citizenry among the foreigners.
Paradza indicates that the same people are hearing the beatings of their family and friends and that is why they have paid a lot of money to make the passport.
Isaauu Nyaumba of Zimbabweni says she was shocked when she met up with the famous soccer player Neymar and crossed the picture
Meanwhile, Meanwhile, Meanwhile, Meanwhile, Meanwhile, Meanwhile, Meanwhile, Meanwhile.
Neymar now gives his soccer match to Spain's Barcelona match with Lionel Messi. he returns to Brazil's leadership and seized them for the first gold in the Olympics.
Many say the photos of Nyaumba and Neymar were taken at Viortoria Falls and said to have been taken while he was working at Ukutula oonservation at the Center near Pretoria in South Africa.
The Warriors women's club are preparing to compete and the whole Zimbabweans are looking forward to that season.
The Warriors are holding Rufaro Stadium on a match believed to be the greatest in Zimbabwe ’ s history.
The athletic match between the Warriors and the Indomitable Lionesses of Cameroon will be the guarantee that they will be able to attend the Olympic Games of the next year in Rio de Janeiro
The Warriors met in Yaounde twice a week ago because they failed but if they won the game they will go to the World cup.
The Warriors are the team that for 30 years has been able to go tournament from gold hookkey girls that they were able to go in this year
But the Warriors would be remembered to be the first team to complete the tournament.
Zivanai Moroyiwa, a member of the Warrior team, has said the game is being postponed because the Warriors' soccer game is excited because it has not been possible for the past 35 years
Tonderayi Matimura of theaps United fan suggests that when the two teams met two weeks ago, she was confident that Warriors would come off victorious again.
The Zimbabwe Football Associationno has seen the importance of the game in the public and has arranged it for all players to play.
Andrew Rwodzi of the Sport star has announced that many more people will go to Stadium to play because of the ZFA plan.
Mr. Matimura has also said he will go to stadium to see the ball because the dollar is lower than Zifa is getting.
The cupbearer of the team has organized the team well and is expecting that Rudo Neshamba and Rutendo Maohingura will play a successful soccer game in front of the people.
Meanwhile the Warrior team will meet Lesotho at Bourfields Stadium in the African Nations Championship match.
The team supports the Kalsto Pasuwa team with three players Hardlife Zvirekwi and Justice on the side of the incident against them, but Muroyiwa has indicated that Warriors have forbidden small teams like Lesotho.
The Warriors are hoping for the next two games to win and enter the African Nations Championships finals that continue from their success in the tournament.
The Mighty Warriors game is full of public attention and attention
Shops at Harare and Taeamuka / Sesiikile movement members have drawn together to combat the Zimbabwean police force who has been displaced from their
Some of these things happened in the city of Norton when the salesmen did not move from the salesman Katanga.
The spokesman for the Taeamuka / Sesiikile movement, Makomborero Haruzivishe, has declared that those who are victimized by the police as members of his club.
Haruzivishe said they were in a police station while watching the victims but found it was only one person
The Harare CityCouncil spokesman Mihohael rehydeme has declared that nothing has taken place since they were not living in the city after the incident.
Meanwhile, the government through a foreign news agency on Twitter that many of the youths have been killed by the police in a vicious circle.
The government went on to say that some of the youths were beating police knife for witnessing in court against the suspects.
We have not heard the police voice on these matters.
The city of Zimbabwe in South Africa, which represents the Zimbabweans who work in the city, said the robberies that have been committed against the Zimbabweans on the Johannesburg street have been painful.
The robberies such as Hillbrow, Berea and Yeoville and near alien residents and Zimbabweans are suspected of being kidnappers and murderers
The spokesman for the city of Zimbabwe in South Africa has announced that plans are being made to meet the police for investigation.
he added the Association is planning to wear a 6th month of rescue with the police to find ways to solve the problem.
It is said that the police should have been around on time but because of not being allowed to do so, the perpetrators are allowed to do what is expected of them.
The suspects are known for the suspects perpetrated by the police and the Zimbabweans in the area, according to Mr. McDiarmzi.
Those who have also spoken to studio7 say they have to bring police and soldiers to the police stations to eliminate the crimes
South Africans have also accused these foreigners of increasing robberies, of drugs and immorality
Many have said that the two thousand and the nineteenth centuries will be the beginning of a major political and economic crisis.
The MP of the NPP Parliament in Dormaa East, Mr. Paul Apraku Twum Barimah, has urged the Parliamentarians to calculate the amount that President enticed John Mahama back and forth from the second millennium to the second millennium and from the second millennium to the second millennium and from the second millennium to the second millennium and from the second millennium to the second millennium and from the second millennium to the second millennium to the second millennium and from the second millennium to the second millennium to the second millennium and from the second millennium to the second millennium to the second millennium and from the second millennium to the second millennium and from the second millennium to the second millennium and from the second millennium
He made this statement in response to Mr. Ken Ofori-Attah, the minister of finance, saying that this investigation will help both him and Ghanaians to figure out the amount spent on the President’s travels
I have asked that question because I can see and hear the bills that President John Mahama deceived over a hartered flights.
It is perfectly perfect.
Mr. Barimah explained that he had not taken any political action to support his question.
The time to decide for ourselves as a country is the time to figure out how much we owe to our national hartered flights and how much we owe it to ourselves that we owe it to the passing of time
Do you have a leader? How has it been accomplished? Is there a plan to deal with President’s travels? That is why I am not involved in some political issue?
He added that I want us to look at these issues and see how we can make good plans. Today, they can be my government, but tomorrow they can be another government. That is why we will not be able to resolve any of these issues if we do not resolve them.
Ablakwa ’ s concern
The Speaker of the Foreign Affairs Committee, Mr. Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa, has also asked the Parliamentarians to ask the government what to say and why President, Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo-Addo, was shortly taking to France with the passenger plane.
A member of Parliament for the National Democratic Congress (NDC) for North Tungu disclosed that it is embarrassing for Ghana to have a successful President ’ s plane but that when the President travels on his way, he will have to use a new plane
He declared that any move by the President would cost GHS million yeninu in Ghana
The Bono East Minister, Mr. Kwasi Adu-Gyan, has praised the leadership of the NPP and NDC for making peace between them.
he added I am proud that the NPP and NDC leadership are united in supporting the region.
Mr. Adu-Gyan continued that peace contributes to the development of each neighborhood and that when there is no peace in the region, recovery is difficult.
The Regional Minister made the disclosure at the end of the Thessalonian exercise
Members of the leadership of the NPP and NDC, representatives of the traditional authorities, security agencies, constitutional elections, National Commission or Civic Education (NDC) and Awake!
The National Peace Council adopted the Commonwealth Secretariat under the heading “Countering Post election Violence, and Building Consensus for Greater Political Tolerance in Ghana”.
The debate centered on the success of elective cheating and on ways to counteract that cheating.
Mr. Adu-Gyan said it boasts Ghanaians that in the Global peace Index, it has declared that when it comes to peace, Ghana and the second country in Africa have returned to the NPP and NDC for contributing to the stability of the country.
He added that these are valuable things the chiefs, the party, the governors, the President, the legislature, the court and the media have contributed to the nation of Ghana.
he promised that the Regional oordinating Council would help to preserve this peace forever
Speaking at Electoral Justice appointment, Alhaei Suallahallahallah Quandah, who is the secretary-general of the Bono Regional Peace Council, declared that it was through Electoral Justice that political stability was possible in the country.
he argued that the Electoral Justice was not meant to be a wealthy option but that it is not permissible for a nation to cancel its Electoral and political duties.
Alhaji Quandah emphasized the need for each nation to have the Electoral Justice to enable its elections to be decisive.
Abuakwa South member of Parliament Samuel Atta Akyea has assured Ghanaians that Ghanaians will be solved of their problems on the seventh day of Nana Addo
he claims that the state of Nana Addo will be a source of stability to the economy because it has taken steps to restructure the economy.
Sharing the Asiakwa SOS event at the district of East Akim in the Western region, Atta Akyea announced that January was to begin a new era in Ghana where the public would be better off economically and economically.
He asserted that the appointed President, Nana Addo, would be ready for every assignment and would do a fine work.
The list included seven loaves of rice, oil, salt, sugar, milk, wine and gold without contributing the amount.
Three brothers who fell asleep in their mother ’ s wine shop in Tarkwa-Suuuta in the Tarkwa-Suuem District in the Eastern Region have been found dead
Three of them died as a result of the draft of a generator burial
According to the Inspector general George Sakyi of Tarkwa-Nsuta station, the suspect was called a victim of three children in a drinking area.
According to him and his fiancé when they arrived with the deceased Abena Amos, Arabi Dadzi, 13 and Akaba Dadzi, 7, they were transferred to the Tarkwa government hospital awaiting the death prosecution.
Speaking to Starr news correspondent Emmanuel Ohene Gyan, Mr. Sekyi explained that the deceased were living with their mother and that the mother was in charge of the Golden CityKitough in the Tarkwa Water District.
he says they decided to be with their mother after helping her to work with her
According to the deceased, on the day of the day they heard the news because of the day’s river. As a result, Madam Dadzi struck the generator so that his children could fall on a lamp. The next day, he entered the shop and found his children dead.
The other, who has been trapped, is getting nursing. The police are investigating the incident.
The flagbearer of the National Democratic Congress (NDC), John Mahama, has declared that if he is a champion in his election, he will persecute the Menzgold General Nana Appiah Mensah, who is generally known as the Namo and who has paid the people for it.
Speaking at Tarkwa-Suaem in the Eastern region, Mr. Mahama expressed his amazement by the Akufo-Addo despite the fact that NAM has seized property from the citizenry and has put his anger on the citizenry.
What, he added, makes the NAM so special that Akufo Addo is protecting him? Why are police officers on the ostraca when NAM-1 is in vain.
he promised that his government would do a thorough investigation of the NAM and its officials and would accept the public ’ s contributions.
Justice Ellen Asamoah of the Chief Executive Officer of Menzgold named the Accra Circuit has declared the first January of 2021.
Nam had already been accused by the State in Kotonimaa in the second and twenty years of the Accra Circuit
The suspect, Sylvester Asare, was ordered by the police to put a new accusation and a new nominee in place before the court ruled.
In the June, ASP Asare told the court that they were advising the court to heed the direction on the matter.
They pleaded with the court to postpone the case and with the prosecutor to prepare for it.
he added that when the counsel comes, the hearing of the counsel and the correction of the accused will become appropriate.
However, the prosecutors on Monday appealed to the court to postpone the trial and then heard the court.
The accused named appeared in court
In the fall of June 2, 2021, the Accra Circuit cut the sod for Nam bail GHS billion
he added he was not guilty of the government’s three accusations. The government has tried to see how the accusation will be reversed.
He also has to appear before the police at ten o ’ clock on Wednesday.
Preliminary accusations included theft, witnessing, licentious work, the illegal trade in jewelry and the laundering of money
Also, the total amount that was seized and seized there was about GHS billion
Deceptive use of Okada is almost a problem
The police also claim that all the robberies, accidents and illegal roads are motorists
There is no doubt that the widespread end of the day is bringing trouble and they have to plan to stop it.
Time and time is spent telling us about the problems of this cyclist.
One of the problems the country is now facing is the deceptive use of motorbikes and motorbikes
Within two thousand and a half years, the Parliament passed the Road Traffio Regulations, 2012 (L.I. 2180) issue of a traffic law.
The law prohibited the use of masks and motorbikes unless it was used as aourier or delivery Services. Then it was ordered that the motorbikes be given licenses for use in the public.
The Okada and Pragya are taking over the country despite the laws laid down by the Parliamentarians.
In the countryside, kada and Pragya are transported to markets, banks, and banks.
The inhabitants of the metropolitan area take okada and Pragya in order to avoid traffic
Since it is expensive, it is about half as much as possible
Pragya and okada immediately flee to the bottle-gourd plant.
Many people, however, are reluctant to date and Pragya because of the noise and violence they drive on the road.
Accidents caused by marks are something to be watched for
Many firms, including the Ghana Medical Associationne National Road Safety Authority, have called for the payment of the nationwide use of marks.
This has led to the nation’s collapse
Such seeds are due to the fact that despite the laws and regulations set for them, they have become a source of relief to many Ghanaians.
We who are in the Daily Graphic here think that the country is going to see the laws again and we look for the best ways to make this exercise possible.
If you go to India, Pragya is the main tourist in the country but we have not heard anything about it like that we live in Ghana.
So, what can we learn from India that we can use to bring out our story?
It is to bear in mind that because of the difficulty of work, those who cheat on the day and day of Pragya see it as a job to find a machine to support themselves and their family
Okada and Pragya are just becoming a source of stress and harassment and we have the Daily Graphic thinking we give them training and planning to touch the machine to help the country keep going.
In expectation of law enforcement, provisions were made to ensure that drivers were expected to be in any accident.
The implementation of the policy will enable the Ghanaian Police to enforce the laws and enable them to stop the purification of marks and prosecutions
Many Ghanaians are at the same time confused about the value of this law for the good and the bad
The Daily Graphic believes that if we want laws and regulations to come on our roads and in our road dealings, we have to bear our horns and look at these problems once or for all.
I can't remember every day and rejoicing in Ghana that this last Friday was Green Ghana.
This is the day when we all went out to the tree to go to a tree.
In Ghana for the past two decades, I have seen contrasts in what is happening in our country with what is going on in our geotechnical publications. This has become a triumphal phenomenon in our efforts to protect the pollution of our territory.
Five million fruits were given to us by the Ministry of Lands and Treasures to plant with delight, some of which have not been produced in the long term.
Ghanaians will see to it that one of the most important sights ever given was our international facility known as Ghana.
Even more important than transportation, school buildings, bedless hospitals, or schoolchildren, I am declaring that one of the worst of all of us is the environment, the loss of land and forest, and the loss of river bodies, in the early months of May, when it is still hot and dry.
I have not looked at some of the field study aids that students are studying in school, but I can say that the extent of Ghana’s territory when I went to school was different today from that of Ghana.
We still talk about too many forests but the fact says that our lands are not righteous.
We still talk about forest animals but all of them have seized a lot of residential facilities.
Forests and animals have become a part of our language but not necessarily of that.
Even the very things we thought were forests that we would not touch have been taken out of them with all the jewelry and gold.
Our honesty may be