At the time of the arrest of these six , the prosecutor claimed that they received six guns and gold GH11,292,180; what seemed to be a rubber plant (such as gold and a golden knob).
A man who thinks he is a burglar in his hand was a polio machine in the Kyebi in the Ark of Mantam .
According to the Starr News in Kyebi , a group of people from the Anti Armed Robbery and Personnel who had been arrested in CID (ssuspect) Ebenez Gyimkumah , commonly known as Albacco , for two thousand and a half a million pounds (202020 kg).
The Suspat was sent to Kyebi Zongo to do research at the hands of the young .
The next day , the burglar Musa Kamara , a fifteen-year-old , and high-grandchildren , was looking for a stronghold in Kibi Zbi Zongo , in the Fifty and twenty-three-foot-foot-high-high-high-high-one (202020-one).
He tried to rifle the polipolite into a rifle , so he couldn " t
He was transferred to the Kyebi government hospital , where he was being protected .
It is thought that these two professionals are among thieves being harassed by the Kibi , the Automobi , the Pygmies , and the towns around them .
In the third month , at least ten acres [ were ] high in these two large cities .
On the sixth day of the Holocaust in two and a half thousand (2021), a woman lost her life by burglars at the Administ Estukrom and Bunso , a Bridegroom (2021),
A few hours later , this incident occurred , and these two cemeteries , Haruna Ama (from twenty-five-five-five years of age and Joseph " s Witch (from twenty-thirty-five years).
Two illegal rifles were discovered , one knife of257.00 cents , one quarter of those who had been stealing (bag), and three different types of monarchs (a tribute).
On the fourth day , one gun was shot at the same site , while burglars attacked the Gulf of the Construction in Mantam .
At about 4:30 , this thieves attacked the Barfuor Peninsula , near the steep of the Zorcus , where the polite stands .
One of thieves said that about two and a half of thieves snatched the people in the midst of the people and earned enough money to shrinks .
The Wednes (8: 00 p.m.), the thieves stealed at hotels and the gasoline (crubbing in the Gulf City).
The rugged blanket was also used to rub off the walls of the area , where these burglars were found .
No more hunter was found .
The BB kateregyi (cartridges), one of the lowest lizards in which the incidence of this event (including three), was obtained by the BB kateregyi (
The thieves settled in the saluun (saloon).
Eighteen-year-old Yashawa lost her life in Akye Osiem .
Thirty-two-four-a-half-four-a-half-day (17:20 knife phonographs and knife stabs at the Good Finess Station in the Adventure of the Adventures (77:20 knife).
These thieves made use of money that they did not know; they think that this money was the money they had earned throughout the night .
The thieves also took the Motorola " s fortress , Adamu Zakari , a coordinator in that area , and thirty-five years (30)
In the area where this article was carried out , the Apolis adopted the use of rubber .
The coordinator of the Rev. John " s Form Fordddour , also a South legislation , has led teachers to show interest in the government .
He claims that it was used in a variety of ways to use the Teacher Welfare App as an applause .
The Insurance of the Intelligence shows that even teachers are interested in the government and that they are promised to solve any problem involving the proselytizing of teachers , their finances , and even their finances .
To counteract the problem of teachers , the Rev. Forddour claims that they have sent keees (wholegs in any region to solve problems that are being solved by teachers .
It is said that this type of study conducted by Dr. Thurs Osei Adutwum will help to solve the problem that exists among teachers .
John " s Insurance introduced the group of teachers to the government " s belief that the government would end their problems
This symposium was also used to teach their opinions about the money manufacturer " s form of ultimatum , and the head " s head head " s " Imperfect Teachers Fund; Making the Teacher " s Epidemic . "
He rebuked the GNAT pharmaceutical , and he emphasized that the government would solve the problems of teachers in the country .
GNAT , who has planned a series of programs for interpretation and forbiding GNAT in their marketplaces , planned to have a large share in the Unique Insurance and Swedish Medical Centre , also in the GNAT site , to get involved in building building projects and building projects for their members .
St. Fordjour assured teachers that each side of the book " s supervision would allow teachers to use 280,000 computers in order to get their work done better .
He asked all the teachers in the country to study without the use of education and to help to improve the quality of education .
Central Regional Police has long voki (fake), a fifty-five-year-old girl and her six-year-old daughter in Assin Adedem in the South province of Mantam .
Jerry Borrown of the EIB Network Professional , reported that the district " s deputy mayor , PRO Sgt. Evans , claimed that a group of people from the town of Maomplaints and the Investigative Medical in Ghana , who had been called at the Bureau of Jehovah " s Witnesses , had been a Foresteem for two-Yeign-Y
The polipolite arrived , and his six-year-old son , Alberta Lanuekor , was irritated , and others were living there to care for them .
These two people were divided into the polite , which included opihyin and other kinds of coffins .
Those false doctors were exposed by the conduct of the EIB Network Institute of Population .
It is said that many promiscuous developments were eliminated and that some people lost their lives .
These two people have a high-ranking ladder that is helping to keep the test .
Four people in Bomso , located in the huge Oforikrom regions of Automobiles , were flooded with a massive water of Jerry , a quarter of the twenty-fiveth day .
In Bomba (assembly member), in the circuit of Bomso , Irishioned Appiah , who confirmed this fact that he had actually purchased man " s leaves for the missing people .
These two days of the Jubilee region , which has been destroyed by two days , have been flooded with a huge flood of water , which will cost as many as a million dollars .
Jejetia " s song also played a part in the Wednes , and the rainwaters took over the buildings of music and pockets .
Judiciary (sei Asibey Crusades), I set it on the sterilization of the Starr FMM of the University of Asa " s state , Irished Justice Bediako as the KMA Technical Constructional .
He announced that the morning " s cyclone jacket was to be gathered in the morning to meditate on the floodwaters of the floodwaters . I have never seen any
He added that if the convention was completed , the combination of the convention would spin the floodwaters and look forward to the possibility of helping the rest of the people , as well as the devising system of events that would lead to the roads .
Those living in the city of Effia-CKwesimintsim and Sekondi Takora have been exposed to the discovery of the city of the Effia-Caucassettes .
In Tanokrom , a three-foot-high-five street in Effia-Kwesimintsimts , this motor thieves were placed in a motorcyclone to a woman in the name of money at the center of Tanokm , a cemetery ringe , and a loving restaurant .
They became softened in their heads and gave them a copy of the Taught Mall , but one of them tried to rubber with him .
The passengers snatched these thieves in order to wear the hands of the polite man , and the head of the polished woman became stubborn in her life .
During the following week , the SSNIT residents could not wait until a motorcycle made a noise for the next day .
The city of Sekondi , in Sekondi , in the city of Sec-Tadi , Kojo , I " ll be sent to West West and also to the Tatentension of the Turbulence for the Patriotic Party .
He claims that there was no answer to the public , no matter what its rites and rites have been involved in wrongdoing on the part of these motorists .
Nelson Roland , who was once armed with thieves , reported that a motor was struck with his motorcycle in his motorcycle , and he was snatching it to see how he had been damaged , a son , and Iphone " s 12 golden rings .
In the Mondays of the Colossae , coordinators of the Fanteak Rural Bank have placed other banks on their savings .
These merchants placed ceremonies in front of the Addo and legislation of the Alban Bagbin and the Bank of Ghana for their financial support .
The Fanteakwa " s Rural Bank , which consisted of the Prime Ministers of North Asiamah , was formed in two thousand and two thousand years , but in two and a half thousand years .
This bank is located in Begoro and its banks in the Construction , Osiem , Suhum , electricity , and other regions of the region .
They think that nearly a thousand people were robbed of their money in this bank .
For the most part , there are farmers , drunkards , teachers , clergymen , and extortioners .
Their debts have also contributed to the loss of self-discipline and to the loss of the owners .
For the most part , in this bank , there are about two hundred pounds [ kg ] of gold between GH.00 and 1900 B.C.E. ,
Those who had a lot of spontaneous displays before the 2016 proclamation of the prosecutor received enough money to get their money .
Forty-thirds of their money were conversing with the Colossae , and this legislation was put to the point that he could not afford to pay their money for the roads .
They may try to get their money , but they don " t have to pay for it , and they don " t
Elizabeth Amoah , a coordinator , recommended that this legislation end up the 2020 vote and pay the money for them , but he did not use it when he was called archaeology .
He reported that Begoro was about to take his money for 2020 hours and that this enforcement of the legislation promised him that after the ban was put , he would give his money to him , and he would make it sad that this legislation had won him a victory , and I would not call this solemn official .
He added that this legislation would snatch me from the Principles of the GH,000,000 I have accumulated in order to collect myself .
Another person with a large sum of money is asked to be softened by the Iceman " s Codex Addo , Alban Bagbin , and I became so engrossed at the time of the NPPP. 2020 B.C.E.
Advertisers also resorted to a malignant marriage and a lack of self-help and self-discipline .
This question has been misrepresented by the Prime Ministers of Asiamah , a rugged banker .
Rather , he had said that it was not true that he used the money of the bank to spur the Grandna Adoo dwetire to compare the 2012 catastrophes that left the bank .
This legislation claims that the bank account account gave a thousand people the same amount of money for them .
Adam Mutawkilu , a member of the law-enforcement purple and electricity , attracted government trucks at $170,000,000 a triangle , claiming that in Ghana , there would be no victory .
He claims that the high-ranking truck will do nothing to win the case .
The official issue of Francis Abban in the Morning Star " s Programme (the Thursday), the Iceman " s Civilization , and the idea that the government would not have had any succession of the world " s policy and that it would have been impossible for them to settle down and that the government would have no place in the world .
Archaeologists have all charged the Mahama .
The Inquisition
In 2021 the International of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 accommodations for a necklace with GboP limited .
Those necks and cerebrals were used by the minister of electricity . The NP government showed that the country did not need this energy system .
The Judgment of the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,661 and any resolution from the tenth month of the quarter of the month of 2018 to the necklace to the end of the day .
In addition , the government of Ghana paid $309,877 quarantines to Columbia Heights , Columbia Heights , and $3,000,000 for $3,000,000 , and $3,000,000 for the expenses of their trucks and witnesses. All of this debt went to $3,309,787.74 .
Those living in the Ajumako Ochioso region in the state of the Neighbour are happy to see in the suburbs of the Ajumako Ochioso , as fish had come in the stream of Oriental water .
The inhabitants of Jerryada " s bedside rained the rains of Jehoash as a blessing from their ancestors .
The local residents took the hand and offered to take some of the fish to return home .
They , along with the Jerry Valley of Persistent Sprout and You Take Thurs Baptizer , who worked on the river , showed that he had never been in the city , and he was convinced that it was a blessing for the district .
He explained that some of the fish would be sent to the marketplaces and to sell the fish " s crashes in the river " s rotten rhythms , and the twenty-three-grade workers in Mankessin and Kasoas .
I became indiscriminate in my understanding that something has never happened in the Anglo-American Peninsula .
Then , the residents offered to help the fish and the liquid so that they would be sent to the market .
This will help us to earn a lot of money to care for our children at school and at home , to help the person with the requests of the local man to help us in the work we are doing in the Aumako cemetery .
Imba in Ajumako Ochioso , Maxwell Mensah , headed for water-water , and government to help those living in the community to obtain the help of the fish in the river , as it were for young people to work .
Cardinal director of the Institute of Energy Security , Nana Amoasi VII , has shown the opinions of the government of the Automobile , Godfred Dame , who claims that he does not perform the services in Ghana , came to a close to $0,000,000 to the state of the Ghana Power of the State composition CGP).
He spoke to the Morning Starr " s program on Thursday , Nana Amoasi VII , saying that a truck had sent the Ghanaian truck to squander for $170,000,000 .
TODAY , we have the right to go to the side of this matter , but we took advantage of the COVID as well as the electronic truck to prevent the truck from blurring off the spider " s truck , and he did not use it in the way he felt that he would be able to procure us later .
With those words , he refuted the Ghanaian Court in London with $170,000,000 to pay to Ghana Power Generation companyno .
London reported that the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) Tribunal was not employed by the government in Ghana , and he threw it down .
In the eighth day of Advertisance , the Inquisition ordered the government of Ghana to pay the money down as a result of the procuracy .
The prosecutor " s truck , Godfred Dame , claims that the 2020 vote and the COVID-19 had a blurt of the government " s license
Charles Kimmins Q Ta and Mark Tushingham , a truck of trucks , moved to these lines , indicated that the government of Ghana had been arrested before going to the side of this event .
The Ghana government also introduced Khawar Qureshi QU of Serleto and Voltera Fietta as a member of the Omnia Strategy .
Ghana sent people from the Amofa truck and Amofa & Partners in the Nkrain .
The three heads in this case were John Beehey , a coordinator of the International heriminal Court of Arbitration , and Prof Albert Fiado , a Ghanaian professor , authorized a total of $170,000,000 governmental payments .
The 134.35 million of the pharmaceons , made up of 69.36 million to be tracked early , 58.49 million million to 1.49 million tons of albilaisehyin , 6.46 to 1.46 million tons of dibilaisehiseyin and 32,448 million to be a protection .
The lobby also cost the government $ 614,353.86 and $ three million to approximate the cost of their almighty and court .
The invention of the Antitire was that the department of the Inquisition of the Confession of the Killin did not have any solid basis for the use of the concrete , if in the neck , it has only $18,000,000 to locate .
In the case of the government in Ghana , the shipwreck was dispersed , suggesting that the foundations of the concrete were based on the concrete in the year 2017 by the Kleeta mail " s ring of rings and placards took them to Blue the Oean
The summary answered that the government in Ghana did not have any buildings , including the Energy Commission Act , that allowed them to go to the throat .
The report said that the Dr. Kinkuh " s Legy " s knife (Rogy knotten knots) had a loophole of loopholes (such as the Prime Surveiller " s Civil Jubilezer), and that the manager " s manager was waiting for the PPA PPA P PPA P
Britain " s law indicates that the government has a fifty-five days to go to the verdict of the prosecutor " s judgments , and it takes no part in the three-day retreat of the time to retreat them for some time .
Omnia Strategy , a British legislation , asked for sixteen-high-dollar economy , to be used twice as a day .
The prosecutor set out eighth, 2021 enthusiastically that the government was able to force their villas to execute the executive justices of the emperor , and the government took such a stand on the first day of the Oforisue , 2021 B.C.E. Before the government was released , this time of the British legiment of Voladers .
This law-enforcement agency , as well as the general organization of the world , explained that ten days after the government " s truck with a truck , Godfred Jeboah Dakeme , was ruled by the government , and the government forbided to be under the supervision .
The cyberattacks are blazing at the eighth day of the Cold War , claiming that all the slogans are irrefutable and durable .
The judge , Justice ButKher , has been completely reluctant .
According to the Global Arbitration Review , the prosecutor claims that the government delayed the knife and also the humidity of the borders and the thirty-foot-foot-high [ kg ] rubber , and the first two fifty-five-five-foot-five-foot-high-five-five-
He explained that the monetary pressure in the courts prevented him from allowing him to be as efficient as it did .
He added that it should not take five trucks to be used before the government " s truck was ruled , allowing the government to use the rubber .
The Inquisition
Less than 2021 , the International of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 accommodations for a necklace with GboP limited .
Those necks and cerebrals were used by the minister of electricity . The NP government showed that the country did not need this energy system .
The Judgment of the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,661 and any resolution from the tenth month of the quarter of the month of 2018 to the necklace to the end of the day .
In addition , the government of Ghana paid $309,877 quarantines to Columbia Heights , Columbia Heights , and $3,000,000 for $3,000,000 on the cost of their trucks and witnesss. All of this cost was $3,309,787.74 .
It has been said that the large rainfall in the city of Jr . , in the capital of Malcam , was a little boy in Sawabaaba .
This little boy was on the way to the pragia , where the brooms were traveling through the floodwaters , and the broom
It is said that those living in the area bought the water not only to see the parents but also to get to know them because the water had taken him away .
One of the residents in the area named Francis Abban in the Morning Star Thursday " s work as a rugged rugged rugged hatch of water for the year " s rotation of the Sawhite water .
Other people concluded that the floodwaters of the Akurian Gulf were also commemorating the Flood .
The so-called Iddrisu Adams of the most populous Etuo is known as the Koomi region of the Automobile , who was arrested by polite stealing , and he was shot at a time when he was about to be long before the arrival of the
This ultra was among the politics who were looking for them , and he was beaten at the top of the twenty-threeth-foot-high [ 2021 kg ] umbrellas to the opihyin .
Twenty-third-third day in 2021 , polite people were taken to the places where he claimed that his fellow stealing had been , and he tried to shoot him at the Apopolis as an inevitable gun .
He was transferred to the St. Martins hospital where he left .
Apolitics have suggested that they seek the luggage of the luggage he or she plays with them , and they have been advised to go to the nearest polite .
The Apolis promised that they could do anything to fight stealing and to ask for help in the community .
Albert Kanpaah , a national security officer , has explained why he has moved to the state of DCOP Opare-Artdo to use the wheelchair .
According to Dapaah , they did everything they had to do with the prosecutor " s proselytizing machinery , and they had to do it .
The prosecutor " s excavations led to the Star News , a group of Physics called the Delta Foreigs and arbitrary ceremonies that he had refused to do what he had been looking for in the region .
In discussion with the South Dayi lawbreaker , Rokson-Nelson Dafeamek , the minister of the country " s security officers , declared that this was the work of public officials .
On the contrary , he did not mean that the Alejandre " s expulsion was needed to be used .
For three years , Opareredo had signed his hand to work as a coordinator and two-year-old necklace , which had been signed during the fifth day of 2018 (the first rented cement of the ceiling).
Judging from the day of cheapy in 2021 , the prosecutor " s prosecutor named DCOP Oparedodo " s purple , which was placed in the throat of the former garbage of the Academy of Francis " s garbilities
Alejah also explained that he had not stopped using the rifle " s rifle , and in 2021 the state " s prosecutor was not able to carry the rifle of OdoCO raids , so that the rifle-spot was sent to the other Automobile " s rifle , and that he was ready to go to see the new Auten-
He added that today " s DCOP Oparedo had nothing to do with the public proselytism or as a khyin " s executive , as was the case with a knobbbolume .
If DCOP Opareredo hits every person with a banana , I " ll try to do research on this subject .
The British Hae thirstisa of Ghana , in the rumor of the Iain Walker and EIB Network , the Jubilee , also known as the Bola Ray , was on the street of the Jerry and EIB Networkwork , and went to the Jehoews of Bolasi .
The goal of the Cybersaxonium of Bola Ray in Ghana was to have Britain " s Hae thirstisa eat some of the foods of Ghana , which were signed at the famous snowcapper in New York Town and completed in the mines of Nimaea .
The Apolis in the state of Adeiso have taken four tons of cassava to explosives of cassava .
In the Okaikrom area near Adeiso (from three o " clock), one-three-fiveth-high-high-high-high-high-high-growing category was obtained .
The Apolis moved to the area , where the tipa teraks and two peels were hunted for roasting .
The cardinals and the pebbs were doing the work at a time when they saw the polipolis coming , and the polipolis managed to lutse Kofi , where Mitsubishi , with his sons , GE 7191 .
Four guns and seventy-five lines of kateregyi are found in his bedtime and are searching for the ring .
The rumor of the state of the Police set in front of the Starr andws , as it is , of course , that this person has been strayed .
He reported that the man was picked up as a gun in the rifle in the Sammertide deonstrution and the Sand Winning company .
He claims that such a person and guns were sent to the polite .
This occurred during the time when the frozen fishermen were hunting at the site .
The two o " clock in the afternoon , the 2021-hour Civilian Gulf , and the three-foot [ 9835 B.C.E. ] Breaking of the Breast-scentered Breast-greaters , was sent to the Breast-Deaturgroom " s office in the morning .
Foreigners heard this message , they went to the village to save it , but the passengers went to the Summertide companytu quarreling in the village of Obeng Thurs near Adeiso .
The second person who left the polistire , Alhassan Zakari , was ripped off by a rifle in the rifle .
The next day , five people were hunted in that area , all being loaded together and taken to an unknown place .
The roasting site , for example , made it clear that he had seen his GH9,000 guns from behind .
The polipolipolis hired those five people who were the next day .
At four o " clock in the morning , the Mathematician went to the fore .
The Apolis sought Grandna Barfuor Sarpong , who claimed to be a civil prosecutor , saw one of the AK47, attacked three different species .
The Alhassan Zah and the Bright League were transferred to the state of Athenian hospital in Koridua .
This was the case with Zeisei , the region of CID .
The passengers are sent to beele .
To these five pilgrims , the king of the Abukwas , who claimed to be a civilian , GHH0,000 di dialogue and the hand of two tutors .
Nana Barfuor Sarpong, Nana Barima Twum Tarbiade II , all of whom were kings in Abuchwa .
Among them are the eonathan Martey , Eric Thateng, Victoric Killel Museum of Koranteng and those
In the nineteenth day of the Cold War in 2021 , they were hired with bananas: planned to locate , robbed , and robbed , and ordered to wear them .
He has moved the case to the nineteenth day of Kitawonsa in 2021 .
Forty-two-five years of age and Alhassan Zaccia (from thirty-five-five-five years), the coordinator of Cyril Boateng Keteku , the vice truck , led to the attack of the Osa Forest .
The third is Samuel Astu Forson , also a highly brilliant Aisole in Summertide Sand Winning dehiy .
He reported that Grandpa Baffuor Sarpong , a national security officer , had been named as an academicist and a teacher .
The second man was Nana Barima Twum Tabirade , the king of the Administrade , and the three-and-half-colored monarch of the Vionhan Marteyyy , Nana Barfuba , and Eric Jerry Obeng , the Nana Barfuor and the Vimetorian Guard of Stops .
The others have fallen asleep in death .
The government arranged to build the Burkina people in Bawku , who were harassing Ghanaians in the baraks of Bawku as a protection against Bawku .
In this case , the Addo-American Psychiatrist led to the burglary of Burkina " s Burkina business .
He reported these words when he needed Bawku Naba " s office to locate the Archaeology in the province of Northea .
You are being harassed by the fact that this region is near the Burkina Faso .
He went on to say that the government-generalalal systems were well-versed and effective in the development of these heads from the Burkina Faso .
I " m glad to take the lead in the military camp in this area and to help with the headlines .
Asigiri Abugrago Azoka II of Bawku Naba and also the Kusaug kings and the people in the region of Kusaug were grateful for the arrangements made by the Ghana mampanin, Nana Addo Danquiah " s Addos .
The victory of the Principles , which had been celebrated by the national predestination , is the Bawku Naba , who set before us a three-year-old high-tech-grand-a-half-year-old ringe of rubber , to pray for God " s undeserved kindness and strength to complete your commitment to the best of your plans .
Child Rights International surveyed that 11,288 percent of the 11,28 percent of young people are between two and ten and ten years old , and they want to leave the country to find a good job .
A third of the population reported that they did not know whether to live or to leave the country .
According to the study , five percent of those who had been contacted show that they would be able to move to another country; within a short time , the figure is that they want to go to a good job , go to school , or go to a good life for a better life .
According to the survey , nearly 80% of the population " s surveillance systems indicate that the first two decades of the year , the country " s technological approximately 20% of the population " s technological defenses and that the studies indicate that they have developed a higher education in the preceding two decades: the physics in the country .
A group of young people in the Swiss Conservation of the Lighthouse International has not been closed to the state by quoting articles from their archaeologist Bishop Dagward HeMills , a member of the church " s ring of the Authenticity , Osei Tutu .
He was referring to the God-Giver " s message on the architectural turmoil; the question was asking for the monarchy of those in the community .
These young people claim that this famous issue has violated the authority of the Oriental and that he has done more than good to forgive his sins .
Archaeologist Labena Frimng declared: " For two hours a high priest in Dagward Heward would have to leave for a long time , and for a long time , we " ll have to say no to all those in the Sheol and the Own Synop . "
An archaeologist Dag Heward Mills has a long record .
In the archives , the preacher announced that I had been comforted by vandalism and that we had been thrown into the catastrophes of the Judaeans .
VIEWPOINTED me , Oriental Nasei Tutu II , has long been forgiven in front of the face and every problem I have to say to the spice of the cyclone , and I " ll
The National Democratic Congress has drawn the highest judge , Kwasi Aninecih-Yeboah , in the front of the General Legal Council on the General Legal Council of Dominic Ayine. In this sotihydian linguistic linguistic linguistication of Dominicine .
Dr Ayine reported that peemus did not use the code of order when they were preaching , and he did not understand that the headtinhyin was approximate .
He introduced these words in the form of the Centre for Democratic Development (CDD) and KNUST .
A high-ranking officer gave GLC permission to be called the Pygmy and to refutate information on the subject and to give it a retribution if there is a punishment .
He spoke to the public about the Mondays , the NDC secretary , Johnson Asiedu Pygmies , in front of a high-ranking judge , to pull the ban on the Bolgatanga East .
Aleiedu Pygmies , commonly called General Mosquito , suggested that hypnotism be exercised in the government " s own law but that it does not have the right to be too restrictive .
He added that Malcam " s hypnotism was the government " s policy , as well as the government " s legal system , protecting and restricting the government " s freedom of the government " s so-called solemn view that some people think that they are not able to interfere with the governmental law .
Aleiedu Nketia also raided athlete to locate the NDC albatross , and he put it in front of him to stop doing so .
It is not uncommon for the almeterians , Justice Lasi Anin Yeboah , to punish all the criminals and the NDC for the harvest .
In Abiman , Ghana resembled a peaceful country in Mauritius first in 2021 Global peace Index for the Institute for Economics and peace .
In the first place , the Global peace Index has taught a hundred and sixty-eight-five countries to see how peaceful their country is , and this study has been a long-term study for modern-day peace , and economic benefits .
A survey of three hundred and sixty-five countries shows that Ghana " s thirty-foot-high [ 5.715 m ] had 1.715 seeds that brought them to the fore .
Worldwide , Mauritius , first in Abiman , bought a fifteen and three Botswana , who had shop in Abiman , bought one meal throughout the world in Nigeria , purchased a hundred and sixty meals of Togo Uganda, Kenya RePublic of both the Abiman and Cameroon .
Ieland is still the first to be a worldwide peace-loven country , which has long since since 2008 and New Zealand, Denmark, Portugal and Slovenia .
Afghanistan is the most peaceful country (second century B.C.E.), the Jemass and the Jemen , Syria, South Sudan and Iraq. Global peace Index 2021 show that the peaceful country of Burkina Faso is the lowest state of peace .
Research shows that in SubSaharan Africa , there were violent crimes against Namibia , six percent of the world " s peaceful times .
South Sudan is still a peaceful country in that area , and when it comes to the world , they are part of the peaceful , peaceful nations , although they have been reproved peacefully .
The peaceful country in that area was Burkina Faso , and the Government rifled a rifle in the hands of the revolt in the hands of the people and threatened the rifle .
According to the survey , the world " s population was sparked by 14,871 species of prefectures , which took ten tons of prefects from Coronavirus to the end of the world in 2020 .
The study concluded that the political and social climate of the world in general would have a high impact on the economy of the country " s economies , such as the economy , or the lack of hygiene , and the most peaceful environment in their country .
Despite this , three more people throughout the world are now better off than they were in the past two hundred and a half years ago . Nevertheless ,
This economy also points out that 0.07% of all 0.4 degrees Fahrenheit [ ° C ] throughout the 2021 Global Peace Index , regardless of its righteous nature , this is the nineteen-year reign of universal peace .
In a number of countries , the number of rugged blankets of the Black Death , the world " s rays , and the three-and-a-half-five countries had not changed between East and North Africa (the worldly peaceful conditions , where there were no more peace and three .
Europe is still a world peacemaker - eight of all the world " s most peaceful ten countries in this area , and there is no country in Europe , where there is no other country in the south .
In front of the Ghanaian population of Nana Addo Dankwa Addo , there is a reminder that the contents of their life will go until the intensity of the pharmaceutical
For the first four years , he said , " I " ll be so comfortable in the life of a Ghanaian . "
MODERNING anxiety was that the legs in front of us would make us feel uncomfortable in the lives of any Ghanaian population , and these words were rugged in the country of Nigeria .
On Mondays , he added that the three-and-a-half-fourth-dollar phenomenon of Imo State , in Nigeria, Owelle Ro Rohas Anayohas Anayo Orio , was on the side of the Imperial Communion Council , adding that we believed we were too strong and that we were able to get back on the roads of this nation " s
In Nigeria , he would talk to the three-foot-high-down maneuver , John Dramamani " s Mampanin in Buhari .
The Imo State was also promised the Imo State " s association between Ghana and Nigeria , as well as kena .
The relationship between these two countries is important , as he adds , to the fact that this relationship exists between nations and their neighbors .
The clumboin John Dramamamamamite designated Joseph Whittal to be comissa children Commission on Human Rights and Administrative Justice (CHRAJ)
Mr. Whittal was swore in the afternoon of Benada in Flagstaff House .
Mr. Whittal is the cheapest of the cheek to make the rheumatoid chimisa , Lauretta Vivian Lamptey , from which he created the country .
A man of jacket has departed Josephine Nkrumah as an archaeologist to the National Commission for Civic Education (NCCE).
Nkrumah , the chairman of the prisoner , was forced to wear the Air Charlotte Osei , who let him sleep at the end of the country " s quarter of Kitawonsa .
This activity , which was not granted to these councils , came a week after the NPP Principal Nao Addo Dankwa Addo was racing the spider of the jacket .
In 2017 , maps will be used as a spice .
In the country of Ghana , the GN Health Insurance companyLtd , a member of the Groupe Froupe Conference Committee , is under the control of ambolans " work .
They are eager to help those who need immediate attention to the need for health care .
The GN Health Ambulance Service will be six tours to ensure that those who are in need will receive medical care .
The president of GN Health , Issah Adam , announced that the ultimatum " s ultravio , our sophisticated cheek , was also making a resource for the Groupe Falls , Dr. Drwesisika , and the director of the team " s Yvonnes and directors .
He pointed to the doctors at the convention as well as to the large phenomenon of Groupe Falls , which included ambolans " treatment programs , as it would help the delegates in the Greater Brooklyn and the Privilege .
Studies show that sixty percent of women who have lost their lives in childbirth or who have been affected by the accident are determined to be able to move to the hospital. Academics , claiming that such a life-threatening process can be reduced to the risk of being transferred to the hospital , which GNbu Amlance wanted to be done .
LONGGN Health will make sure that we have professional professionals and professional professionals who are able to deal with the problem when a problem strikes , who know that they have a problem and that they
He added that Ford ambolans 350 in every patient needing medical care to care for the needs of the medical centers .
The Ambolans has an injection that needs to care for a person before he or she needs to be treated in the hospital , such as
The government says that he would take over all those who had been wounded in La Ashmaada .
Six people have lost their lives on such a volcanoe in Trade Fair Centre , in Brooklyn , and injuries another twenty-three
The merchant , Alex Segbefia , visited patients at the La General, Police and 37 Military hospital , tourists and tourists at the La La General, Police and the sufferers in their care .
Surprisingly , the country will take note of any cost to those who were injured in the hunter , so let him shut the door of the hospital to help all the bills .
He noted that the designers had always washed their hands , washed their hands , and cleaned their stomachs , and treated them with rhythms , and that all of this is the cost of compulsing the doctors and others in the same hospital .
The nutrient John Dramamite also invites the Ghanaians to pray for the wounded .
The manager of the jaws sent his Facebook pantheon to the injuries of the wounded .
THE family members and all those who are affected by the edge of a candle and are still praying for those who are injured .
Fire has purchased an oil mine near the Ghana International Trade Fair Centre for five people to lose their lives .
Those in attendance also claimed that their activity was also damaged .
According to Veronia Koomson , the ambolans and the hosts who came to the area helped to reduce the fire .
Ghana " s National Fire Service (GNFS) spokesman , Prince Billy-Anaglatey , put it on the Starr News News News Metropolitan Criminor Day of Dawon , for our efforts to raise the fire to the ground. Armed Forests here , to do whatever is done to make the ulcer .
Koomson reported that the fire had not been spared , and the oil was sold near the mines .
Billy-Anaglatey says that he cannot say that others are addicted to him , and he added that the need for a seiseizure is to reduce the damage to others .
They do not know what caused the fire to fall , and it became dark and clear that the fire had damaged all the lights in the area .
One person has lost his life in an abnormal accident at night in the Ekumfic Contemporary Circumstance in the Mfini State .
The Nigerian , who lost his life , spared the road and struck him in .
This combination was made from Mankesim to Nigeria.
Those present suggested that this man walked through the garbage .
The local people tried to spare the two people who were living in the row before buying the drivers and losing his life .
These two people are accepting medical care at the soap oost Regional Hospital .
In time , people from Ghana " s Fire Service arrived for the fire .
Among these , the two-week accidents had taken place two weeks earlier .
Within the next two weeks , ten people lost their lives in this way that Yutong and Sprinter did .
Some rulers in the Garkal area have given Gbese mantse , Nii Syntypes for weeks to forgive the rubber .
This monarch of the Praetorian Gbese " s king was about to continue through his proclamation of 2016 .
The Niyibon promised that the rope John Mahama eats the pottery , and he would leave the hatch .
In the eyes of the Witches , he believed that the Mahama would come off victorious in the buyer " s flesh by covering a number of needs .
Instead , the head of the Brooklyn Heart of Oak turned out to be approximately approximately approximately
The Ni Nicodem had nothing to say about the success of Grandpa Akus-Addo .
Ga rulers who are demanding to be trapped are also arbitrary , claiming that he does not have the right to rule .
Apolitics have claimed that two women lost their lives and that more than ten people were injured and injured by hypnotism on the road to Beenada in the district of Daboya .
Thirty-two people who were on their way to the vines were living in Daboya to the Sawla .
Polisinin of the West Gonan province , ASP Seidu Wemeh , claims that the axis of 2304 B.C.E. [ 2304 m ] weighted the Daboya area , moved him to garbage and that the two people lost their lives immediately .
The two of the children left were the two-year-old natives and four-year-old nuts .
The result of this accident is also unpredictable , since ASP Seidu claims that high officials will investigate whether the driver " s drinks were done or not .
He added that the wounds were sent to the region " s pension at Tamale , and only one was taken to Damongo.
In Daboya-Busnu , there are rare challenges , regardless of how restrictive it is .
The residents of the area show that it is not true that the first accident in this year is in the neighborhood .
It has been said that the accident was not reported to the public .
The minister of ogy , Dr. Matthew Opoku Prempeh , has declared that the government is doing whatever he is doing in the services of an industrial agency in Ghana to produce light and improve their jobs .
He noted that too many people agree that the sungy " s energy is necessary to improve their skills .
He said that cyclone power is the most important electricity , and that is what the older nations are using in their country to help finance and economy .
Based on the International Energy Agency study , he proposed that the use of money in the sungy would be difficult to obtain the power of lightning .
Dr. Opoku Prempeh made this statement when he employed physicist ultimatum at the Stakeholdholders Forum on Ghana " s Nuclear Power Programmemememe in Brooklyn , New York
Insustries (AGI) and Nuclear Power (NPGG) were signing this program under the supervision of the Nuclear Energy Industries: The Future for Energicies to ulcers deeorbanis of Ghana " s radioactivity .
Dr Opoku Prempeh points out that this arrangement will lead to air pollution from trucks and furnaces .
Certain artifacts reported that almost every day will be the cost of an electronic gadget , which is so difficult for companies that we need to have something new that will give electricity in the country of Ghana .
He claims that the country " s need for lightning , electricity , and other energy-efficient information can provide us with rice rats .
Not only does the electricity of the sungy produce new energy but it also helps the nation to improve the length of time it will take to work .
He reported that in 2017 , he had heard John Abrakum Kufuoritee , who had been accustomed to testing whether the sun of the sungy could give all the electricity or lights of Ghana .
In those days , Ghana had a serious problem with electricity .
As a result of improvement in the country " s electricity , he announced that the government and all its passengers had arranged for the use of the sungy power to improve .
In this way , NPG struck the sun of Ghana " s first power .
He pointed out that Ale Fred Oware was headed by the NPG for the end of the day , there was a need for resourceful planning to improve the sungy " s activity in the country .
The minister added that by removing lights from the sungy , we can also help to reduce the gases of the country " s atmosphere .
He added that cyclone control is helping people to improve their morals in many ways and that they are also helping to keep track of jobs .
ILLIONS , companies , and farmers are using the sungy power in all parts of the world , including Ghana " s grandsons .
After four years of basketting , plaques , and lakes , this system has taken its toll .
In the preceding year , the ships were shipped by 28.5 million vessels; the ships were shipped to 38.5; reached 70.2 in 2020, and those sleeping on this program showed that they would use ninety million vessels in 2021 .
The Ghana Revenuenue Authority (GRA) says that they and the Food and Beverages Associationof Ghana (FABAGAG) and the companies are talking about the money they have to pay and put the ships on their hands .
The Buk Press , a Breast Streamline Resourishe in Ghana and the DelaRue , a British bucket and the Games , is heading for GRA , and the Streamline Resourishes in the Tema Port mailes , are also helping to support the combination of electronic devices .
Puro diamond coordinator at GRA , Ale Labena Apau Aquare Antoah , reported that this would help to reduce swindling .
He was speaking in the Graphic Communication Group Limited (GCGL), on Thursday , Ale [ Anto ], Anto reported that the GRA rororoup was responsible for four shifts in Ghana Limited and Cocale Bottlingacomy .
The chairman of Daily Graphic , Alejby Asmah , secretary-general of Franklin and Dr. Franklinman , ordered Mirror to give Mirror a letter , Ms Doreen Hammondic Haphic Communication Group Limited (GLL Civ).
This group went to see how the ships were rotten and then to join GRA in unspecified how to improve this system .
Alento concluded that the plan would lead to the decline of rifle swinds in order to help keep the majestic drums in the marketplace and to make the country " s high-ranking population more stable .
He added that this arrangement would help to improve the economic situation and that it would help to keep the company alive in the marketplace .
Alento reported that the Breakthroat of Tema and the three-part regions in the country " s Gulf , we don " t take the money of those who are carrying malls .
Among the costs is the money they buy the ships , the money they pay for the workers " expenses and expenses .
He claims that this period of time began in 2018 , government ruled that no one had been attacked on the ships and that is why the Colossae had arranged for them to meet the nation and that they claimed to have the tax collectors .
Air Anto claims that this convention will mean that GRA will give the people all the money or that they will share in the community " s revenge .
Some countries live in Kenya , passengers retaliate the ships or do not allow the ships to be transported to the country .
In the United States , an attack on the organization blames the one carrying the drums or the company .
Certain countries that use this system also play a role in the movements of the corporation .
Alento explained the problem that the Tema " s destination was not to be used for the use of time .
In addition , he added that those who are overweight do not want to be repaid because they are sent to the Tema area for a while to keep the ships close to their knife , and this is the reason why they have been waiting for a little while .
When those who are allowed to cross the ships do not change , they allow the furnace to locate .
The Engyinians prepared the trade , allowing the ships to work .
In summary , Mr. Asmah rebuked GRA to let their plans go to the fore .
He noted that it was important to help all the people in the country to control the scheme and to help people avoid the scheme .
GRA and Streamline Resoures were designed to locate the problem .
Because of the misunderstanding , he announced that G eighth and GRA would join them in the wild beasts of the system and make a symptomy .
The Alemah concluded that the same time , GGL and GRA played a role in the movements of the long-term systems to make the universe understandable .
According to the Institute of Energy Security (IES), the use of oil is a little higher .
In 2021 , Oil Marketing is three percent of the first oil oil oil oil (3%). As a result , this type of oil-contaminated oil has been purchased by one GH.7. Seiline jungle (3%).
ACCORDING to the study of IES , Zen Peterleum , Benab Oil , cooked Oil, Goodness Oil , Top Oil and Frimps Oil , selling oil in the marketplace .
In this way , according to a study of the International Benchmark Brent decked approximately $73.98 to $ 4.05% and formerly approximately $71.10
The level of oil has been high in the United States because of the rise in the United States by COVID-19 Europe .
For the first time in the two years , Brent took it to $75 to enter the squad and also to allow it to travel anywhere , as well as oil to take over the world .
As a result , seisei and passengers have increased .
All the Brent oil-size oil fields stand in the hurdle to carry oil to Europe , Asia , and the Middle East down on their feet .
The valley will change during the Kitawonsa month because of the Tomorrhagic conference on the first day of Kitawonsa .
The Standard and Poor " s Global Platts Platforms is said to have risen to the lowest level of oil and diarrhea in other countries in short periods of time .
The 3.47% Fango was high , indicating that the cost of $671.45 was $671.4.78 .
Similarly , at the time of the $576.8 a tall [ $576.8 L ] of medium , 3.53% of fanggo was shipped for $597.30 .
According to IES " research on the world " s economy , hygiene (the hypnotism) has changed hypnotism and is sold in $1.00 GH
South Africa has become a member of countries where the Nigerian country is accustomed to trying to prevent foreigners or tourists from entering the country of Nigeria from entering the state of Nigeria to the end of the COVID-19 Delta disease in the South African country .
Those who traveled to South Africa for two days are not allowed to enter the Nigerian country .
The directors in South Africa who want to visit the Nigerian country have had to spend seven days .
This arrangement also prevails in the Brazilian and Turkish countries .
The death of Kaaka Mohank is sad and confused .
God does not hide his soul and force it against the disciples .
Immediately , some people are saying that the government was behind his death , while others are praying that the government was unconscious of his death .
This too is not too long enough to keep the malnutrition going .
The government " s funerals are nonexistent to the umbrella " s hypnotism , not that the government is aware of this death , even if the blazing of the cyclone is so rumble , anything can happen to a man " s ability to change a woman .
The government met those in the action to demand that their heart be thrown down .
Later , he was pressured by the two-shore team to talk about what the government was doing to settle the country .
Instead , we have the governmental authority who and those who are demonstrating it as well as the impression that those who are demonstrating it reflect a positive attitude .
In addition , we obtained the high-ranking polite people who tried to stop the exhibition from the streets and use the COVID-19 , but these polipolipolis were unable to stop the crowds at the Sir John " s funeral .
All of us can allow the government to blast this death , even if some people think that he is honest and honest .
It is no longer expected to be ignorant of the fact that political hatreds are also possible for those who do not share in governmental disputes .
In addition , there is no building that we can show that Kaaka " s death was accompanied by a person .
It is designed to make sure that we are able to do some good research .
I snatched all the soldiers who did not know what to do with the two people .
We have some charges , and we do not use them to pick up their work and train them .
The government will continue to humiliate the fact that all the military missions were politically neutral , including Mobrowa Struggle " s 2000 , and I became the most prominent part of the organization as the bridge .
We learned how the politics and soldiers took us , even if they had to touch us .
WHILE ringing guns , the tube is heading toward the wind .
Who wanted to rifle his gun at the umbrella or the cyclone of cyclone .
That is the case with a gun stopping the exhibition .
In what way was the military management employed ?
Who took him to work at flies and took him through training and training .
This man was a wicked man in a military garb .
I " m going to be a non-Biblical contemporary to professors and Abimans .
Most people do not realize that what is happening in Ghana is said to be a misunderstanding in politics that conflicts with my comments .
I was suggesting that some of those in the government " s offices were in contrast with the fact that military force was taking control of the exhibition .
In the case of the coordinator of the Ghanaian community , there are gashrooms on their heads .
Waters and plastic bulwats were also covered with water .
Governments would like to locate officers of the security agency to ensure that a group of people in the movements of the movements , including the government " s offices , would like to have them back to school and raise their classes in order to communicate with people that they are more likely to hear , or that they are talking to us about what they are doing .
This gives people the value of teaching .
The jacket has its own legs on this subject , and he allows people to be softened and peace-loving .
In the eyes of the tutor , the company does not know the job .
Because the Jubilee is also on the ground , it seems that it is not to be able to correct this trend and that it has all the reasons for the use of the jaws on their own top of the matter .
Nineteen-year-old Thomas , who graduated from a school in Adeiso Presbyterian Senior High School , who was sent tolahyip in Ghana Sholarships Secretariat , has thanked the government for Nana Addo Dankwa Akurian Addo .
The Krapanin of the convent , Mr. Kingsley Abramang , has ordered eight Thomas " Slammic Nine Africa " s Semiondary School Certificate Examination the year of his graduation to Brunel University , London .
A nine-year-old boy who lives in the Economics and the Business Mountains of the University will be studying this house without money .
The ultimatum spread the message throughout the country as the student talked to his secretaries , Thomas Amoani , asserting that he sometimes had a ten-mile [ 2 km ] trailer before his
The Magazine Addo heard this message and ordered him to be sent to solayip .
From the bed , the speaker of the scepter " s beddroe would encourage the others to study carefully regardless of their house .
Mr. Adomang pointed out that there were many people living in Thomas who were there , and I was promiseing them that there would be soccer games for their help .
The high-school teacher , Thomas Amoun , offered to force his country in Ghana to obtain a permanent job in Ghana .
He said that he would never allow the jawbone to pass through the jawbon " s beak and give thanks to their faith in me , and I would never allow my country in Ghana to humiliate my country of Ghana .
The Brunel University London , a University of London , in the Uxbridge area of London , England. In 296 , this university was introduced to the Isambard Kingdom Brunel in Britain " s three-and-a-half-wide [ 30 kg ] [ 2.8 ° C ] [ 30 ° C ] [ 2. ] [ 2. ] [ 2. ] [ 2. ] [ 2. ]
There is nothing wrong with a high-ranking judge , Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine , also a Boltanga East legislation at Legal Council (GLC)
According to Zebilla " s legislation , the National Democratic Congress (NDC and the appendix of this agent), it has the title of the Dr Ayine ba Genral Leral Council (GLUse).
TODAY " S best judge was the people of this banana , since Dr Ayine " s report for this proclamation did not view all the verdicts as a result of the misunderstanding of the electronic devices , as well as the inventor " s memory of the government order and order orders .
By quoting Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine as a conversation about the subject of Presidential election Petition and the spices of the Abiman manufacturer , Dr. Dominic Aritinga Ayine , and before GL Sadsee .
Dr. Ayine has been used as a means of directing the government law-abiding corporate , and for the reason that it was moved to the peak of the country " s 202020 knife jet .
According to the book Dr. Ayine " s time-consuming discussion , the study conducted by Dr. Ayine suggests that it was going to a pecket to use a legal system and then to thwart the shoulders to the end .
ASDr Ayine quoted an article about the bucket of the peet , he was sent to a pecket , and the manager " s truck was snatched by a truck to the front of the bustle of Nayine .
Dr. Ayine " s excuse for executing justice justices on the shoulders of the prosecutor was that the rumor of the Iceman " s Imperial Illustration did not condemn them .
He emphasized that he did not preach badly .
I " ll " t put it in front of the category , as if I were to reserve the government order order order order for the training I had received and the futility I had , I would be able to explain the sound of the sound of the garbage in the government " s office in Ghana .
He added that his words did not go unnoticed .
The National Democratic Congress (NDC and Telephones) met in Brooklyn , put it on a high-ranking coordinator " s ring of rubber to locate a ban band on the Dr. Ayine .
Alebugre claims that he does not agree with the number of so-called high-ranking officers and the band of Dr Ayine " s successor , claiming that Dr. Ayine " s case did not make one of the judges or the prosecutors " s judges and that he was a member of the government " s office and that he was
He spoke to Citi FM in Brooklyn on Tuada " s Monkey (the two-third day in 2021), Alebugre said that there is no fault in the belief that there is no high-ranking judge to attack him .
Tomy Thompson , which is attributed to the 1996 dictatorship of the country , hit Mensah " s Bonnel , Stephen Quadoo and Tommy Thompson , claiming that Mensah " Shore had been criticized for banning the Justice Government , and the government truck moved in four legs of the government .
The best judge refuses to impose a band on him .
IMAGINE that there " s nothing wrong with a high-ranking judge to hit him with bananas .
For the next reason , Dominic Ayine was a tower , and in those early years , she and her cousin were sent to her . . . ,
In the future , you have
In a similar way , a high-ranking judge shows that he does not humiliate the government " s legal obligations .
Alebugre added that the NDC and the Dr Ayine " s own statements are being carried out by the NDC and the Dr. Aybugre , adding that you
He claims that there are two types of furnaces , such as those on the side of the preaching work , and that you can take a measure of legal action against the government " s law , or that the judgment has been executed on the side of a matter , and that is , they can defend it by means of the law .
If you are guilty , you might say that they do not agree with the sentence , that you go to the political party and say that Dr Ayine has the power to control and control her , I do not agree with the law .
The whole story is that you have to go to the Bridegroom and say that you were advocating Judgment , not to mention a high-ranking judge , but to say that the government " s law-abiding office was not to be confined to you , and they did not accept the government " s position .
They asked if he was the best judge and the Prime Minister I was able to go to the edge of the Ayine to stand on his own cyclist , and the Alebugre " s answer is to suggest that those on the Blind Cancer " s Tooperate are the best-sellers and that he is the best-seller of the robbers .
He used humans to be sent to the law-enforcement punishment to illustrate that the people who had been sent there were not their opinions or who said that there were lawbreakers who had been stuttered when they had no foundations or that you were dragged before them .
THE mathematician " s response is not unusual .
All I can say is that a high-ranking judge invented his bananas , and I know that he is the best judge and the person in the case of such bananas , because he does not oppose the government " s laws and dictatorships .
The prosecution does not mean that you are a victim of murder or that you are there to explain what you are using to the front page and to preach .
SPANISH July 3-5 , July 10-12 , and I " ll have no interest in what you say , and I " ll advise Ayine to go to the penalty and to talk to them .
The news of the election year was followed by the National peace Council (NPC) has arranged to help to unite the country .
In the past , it is clear that the political systems may be more likely to be aggressive .
PUBLICATION shows that there will be conversations between political groups and civilians in the province of Ada in the Greater Brooklyn .
CommonwealthSecretariat and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) were approximately 2020 B.Counterings [ 202020 ° C ] and cake in violenus forter Politicaltoe in Ghana .
The goal of this project was to be quick-minded in order to promote unity , peace , and international cooperation in an effort to improve the peace and stability of the country .
This assignment was the Commonwealth writer , Rt. Hon. Patricia Stadium; UNDP representatives of Dr Angela Lusigi; Dr Angela Lusigi , chairman , Alejo Oppong; Ambrose De and Air Foreor-Catholic guard of the State , Albert-Daoray .
A reunion was the deputy cobra , Dr Eric Bossman Hare; high-ranking politicians , National Democratic Congress , New PatrioticParty , coordinator of People Party , bishops , and groups in the country .
Ale Dery noted that despite her system of technical systems , the prosecutor " s methods continued to ravage and damage the lives of some people and possessions .
In the country , six people lost their lives for two thirty-five incidents of violence .
Ale Dery said that the government was doing research on this subject and that those under it would be punished .
Aleje-Dapaah also pointed out that to improve the country " s progress , the political movements were on their own .
Rt Hon S Scotland played an important role in the peace of the country .
He noted that in Ghana , Ghana , had moved to the vernacular in a rumor , who taught that he was on the city " s shoulder , and that city " s burden had been lifted , and we had a great reminder in Ghana .
He also pointed out that the women and their teenagers were in the law of the country .
The president of the Nurses , Rev. Ernest Automobibird , declared that this activity would be a link between the political parties and the national corporations .
He shows that this conversation will help to solve all the problems that have occurred after 202 .
An archbishop of Transeco Mineral and Mining , Mr. Godwin Amarh , has built six concluding classes in the province of Atiwa West .
In this school , he played a role in reserving GH to295,000 to improve the quality of their living .
Alemarh explained that young people in the early school needed to have a good education because it helps them to get a good foundation for the study .
He pointed out that there was no substitute for education , and it was important for the education of the marijuana to be needed .
LONG BEACH , we work in Transeco Mining and Minerals companya to think that we will help to improve the quality of the education of the authentics in our organization , so that the company has played an important role in helping the team to improve the quality of any kind of education at all levels .
He said that I " m glad I was to come to the end of this school , that all of us know how important education is for people and even for the people and for the country to receive the newly formed school remedies , that they have a good foundation , and that is why we have this classroom .
Alemarh added that the classroom was a thank-you to kings and people of unfathom , who had close contact with the corporation and had close association with the company .
Alemarh argued that the government " s use of maenens was not true in the country .
He claims that the government would use maen to improve , not to sow it .
Alemarh said that the Imperial Winter Defect " s latrine was designed , not to locate across the water and the forest , where there is no permission to go to maens , and why anyone who respects the government arrangement will come to terms with the law and order of the jewel .
He admonished those who worked as maenens , not to be found in the orderly place .
Alemarh , also wrote to the Ghana National associationof Small S S S S SUle Miners (GNASSSSMM), to help improve the environment in which they work .
He charged that the maen " s volunteers did not change what they said about the destruction of different neighborhoods without ever having to forgive them .
He showed that some of the maens were trying to understand it too .
He admonished that many people in our community are employed in the workplace and that we work hard to do something good; I know that the majority of the members who have built schools and that they have helped to build electricity in the community .
The Approximate Foundation and Abdul Samad Rabiu African Initiative (ASR Africa), the curve of Rebee Foundation for $500,000 .
This amount will come from ASR Africa in the year to the end of all Africa " s Fund for the SocialDevelopment and Renewal , a hundred million dollars [ $ ° C ] and will be responsible for the program of the Rebee Foundation .
At the convention , the director of ASR Africa " s work , Ale Ubon Udoh , initiated the ecumenical movement of the ecclesiastical movement of the convention .
He also played a role in the manufacture of manufacturers , which has helped the ecclesiastical movements to promote higher education , rumors , and even blankets .
He said , Judgment Strategic research that Rebe Too Foundation was a charitable organization in Ghana and encouraged ASR Africa to help them .
Cardinals in Rebellion Foundation , Alebedians Reserve Addo-Addo-RR Africa , thanked their help in supporting the corporation .
He promised that the company would use the money to help the child to improve the education of the child in the country .
The UK government claims that they do not know anything about the number of Igbos in Nigeria who has led a large number of people to the floor of Igbo .
A British truck named Interpol the next day , Kanu , also from Nigeria Kwasiada and sent him to Nigeria .
He was also struck in Nigeria in 2017 by tirisin bananas when he was sent to bele .
They think that the day was their UK , where they believed that he had heard it .
The British Hae thirsty spokesman in front of BBromes could say that he had not been taken to the Foreign for his country .
He went to Benada; he was in Nigeria the polite .
He will be returned to the law on the sixth day of the Kitawons .
In 2009 , after celebrating Radio Biafra , London , England , was named by Nudio Biafran , who had adopted the social status of the Biafran population in Nigeria , he used these techniques to
Seven years later , he heard the Indigenous People of Biafra (the rebellion against their Nigerian government .
The first day in 2015 , it brought about a wide range of dramas .
I was happy to see that they were preparing for the passing year of the Independence Square .
This restoration work is being done on the basis of a bedroom of John Jerry Rawlings .
The Institute of Directors-Ghana (IoDG) has hit the Bank of Ghana (BoG) in an organized system that will cool off the company of the country .
They have asked for a special relationship with the Bank of Ghana to help the company in the country to improve .
After visiting the BoG marijuana , the IoDh manager of IoDh , Mr.son Kwesik Kwesi Dogah , hit the Bank of Ghananin , Dr. Ernest Addison , in his defense of economy .
Dr. Addison , he claims , has helped to improve the banks of the country .
The psychiatrist " s reason for their visit to BoG was that they were going to get their children along the way to the company in Ghana and wanting to have a solid relationship with the BoG .
He is speaking about the arrangement IoD-GGh has put in the streets , claiming that IoDh was planning roads to improve the civilization of the country .
He claims that the country " s democracy is also one of the road systems .
Each year , he pointed out that people and companies who are content with their jobs will be organized and will be able to contribute to the growth of the country .
He added that the Ghanaionof Integrated Thinking and Reporting has been associated with the company and in the company of companies .
A Panin , a man in BoG , claimed that corporations played a major role in the economy .
He claims that respect for the laws of their corporations , the behavior of the workers , and so forth , prevents banks from producing garbage .
He added that in the United States , the coordinators were responsible for the welfare of the corporation , and he announced that BoG would also help the company " s work to improve the number of banks in the country " s economy .
The next year we spend on the job of Arteta .
As noted earlier in the day , Arsenal decided to reveal Arteta and to those who slept on the edge of the throat of the movement of the movement of the team , trying to change the year before us .
No one can say that Arsenal " s behavior was the same as a compulsory team .
Many people are wondering whether Arteta can do the work or the player asks if he can do it or not .
Arteta and Pep Guardiola served as a reputation for being a thirty-five-five-year-old mattress .
Arsenal " s attempts , such as those of the same triangle , are at least ten months of unemployment . Many are saying that the luggage of the group was greater than the time when Unai Emery was their mattress , but Arteta , took off Arteta in Europe " s League .
Arteta was the chief of Arsenal , and he was caught by a group of collars to be rescued and torn apart by the helsea and Tottenham .
The Super League became a long-term memory for mankind .
Instead , I can say that there is no place for Arsenal " s belongings , the
It is not that Arteta , who designs to organize a combination of ceremonies , would allow the grains and tActes to roam the year before us .
Geah does not agree to be a follower .
The Manchester United United gookipa , David De Gea , executive director of the artifact , is making sure that he can continue his activity in another group , regardless of David De Gea " s neckties to 2023 .
What I was learning from Old Trafford is that nonetheless , De Geah and his first spice of aload , Dean Henderson " s companion , was De Geah " s hypnotism .
It has not been easy for me to find Atletiius Madrid , Paris Saint Germain and Real in Madrid .
David De Gea , aged two-year-old , thirty-five-five-year-old in his lump work , despite the fact that some of the people in the throats have been able to go down for two years .
Foreign Solskaer has charged that hypnotism is a border .
They also prepare for each other " s combination and collaboration , and they have a good relationship .
Because of their unique bonds , the people are in the heavenly realm .
They accumulate one another to improve their own free will
I " m convinced that this goat is true , but if Ahaz did not become No 1 , I " ll have it , and I " ll have it right to get out of Old Trafford .
I will return to West Brom .
West Bromwih Albion had returned to the Premier League for the year of his arrival in the league .
Once the Championship will be returned to the Premier League , it seems that I had been left to Sam Allardyy to live again in the shop .
It is not uncommon in the history of compulsory poultry , and the West Brom explorer who wants to live in the same way that he or she may have a job .
Ainsley Maitland-Niles , aonor Gallagher and Okay Yokuslu , will return to their voyage to the West Brom West Bromah , until they were ready to go. Matheus Pereira, abim Roal Roal Roal Roal Robson , Haljabson , and Karlan Grate-Mion
Manchester is the best-known person in Manchester .
Who knows the size of the drums in the Manchester City " s Comparison team and sees the manufacture of the Manchester City .
Forever , not Raheem Sterling.
Foreigners Pep Guardiola placed a trenen on the ground and placed it on the ground for ten yards .
The luggage of the locusts also played the role of Gabrielesus .
Havertz can do this .
Thomas Tuhel is situating with Kai Havertz in his two-story stand against Fulham .
Tuguhel agrees that Kai , who came from Bayern Leverkusen to Stamford Bridge , came to the curtain of the barracks .
In another country , a number of truck planes became difficult for him , and he also became a COVID-19 , which reduced the level of ARV
The Tuguhel believes that the Champions League faenal and soccer year before us will be the reason for our futility and noise .
Solskaer is helping to provide the United States with good garbage .
The Manchester " s United United Compromise Compromise Administrators and coordinators have also played a role in creating new faiths , coordinators , and resolution to try .
All the man doing this was Ole Gunner Solskaer , and I had a conversation with some of the United Nations coordinators , and no one felt that it was too late to raise the rubble in the knife .
Solskaer helped to locate the Bruno Fernandes and the procurator of the Hemisphere as well as to improve their esteem .
One year in the Solskaer " s belief in the lump of the movement has been linked to the Solskaer " s
Paul Pogba also enjoys the company of the fireman .
If you compete with the United with them , they will often win if you wear them .
One way to get the youngest , Ed Woodward , was by letting Solskaer sit in the balls and change the shop for the locust .
Through the Manchester United , Solskaer became a very important person in the Cold War , and all the supporters believe that this is a balcony .
SPANISH June 19-21
He wanted to go .
During this week , Leeds United was combining with the noise and noise .
Harry Kane is even more powerful than all the players who compete with her knife; he tells the charms to do so in the stadiums , as if their activity had been reduced .
They were at his side with Leeds , and he was a quiet man whom I had never seen before .
I believe that this is an indication that Harry wants to get out of the Mours ball , and he is looking for ways to walk .
Wolves are eager to enjoy straeka .
Nuno Espirito Santos has found it necessary to scrap them into the soccer team .
Pedro Neto , the prosecutor and Reben Neves , who have been engrossed in large numbers of pantheons , claiming that their faces are not clear .
Fabio Silva and Raul Jimenez have also been injuries , and in the month of Obubuo " s booths , the imenez cannot compete .
Wolves " s livelihood has reached the end of the year .
Wolves " s magem promises Nuno that he will be given money to build a lodging .
The seventh month and the tenth day would see if he could compete during the last two competitions .
For about two months , she has slipped her head to play balls and also does not have the right to get along with her knife .
Sir Alex has hit McTominay .
It is important to listen to a large person , such as Sir Alex Ferguson , about Manchester United .
S S S ott McTominay is fascinated by hypnotism and claims that it has to be a contemporary for the United.
Sir Alex concluded that PROBLEMScott McTominay had become a major council in the United States
LONG BEACH , McTominay " s name is McTominay " s largest volcanoes .
It is the habit of making a trene and the other effort .
I took him to the club at age eight or eight .
He was a straeka
What is one of the greatest procreation
Three different types of tea compound .
For four months now , the Manchester United has never had the pottery of Premier League rivalry at their home .
Without success in their rivalry , the Sheffield United would become the first 1904-505 telegraph of the 1905 balls , without success in two athletes .
Dr Madzorera pointed out that there is a high-tech-pository hearing that reduces the risk of the disease and that people are not permitted to talk to them about the disease , no matter where they are in the country .
They also show that they are not a correct compensation but that they are willing to wait for the disease before going to the hospital .
Poaps United eternityani , Le Lewis Uri , has reported that the problem in the team was solved and all the soccer players were being recycling in their competitive racing in the umbrella Leastle Prebran League .
She joined Studio 7 in the conversation , claiming that they had been given the money of the socer .
He pointed out that the past month " s wages would soon be rewarded , and he also showed that some people who did not know their names were trying to entice the soaps United ball .
The Ukrainian applause had not received the wages of the soccer merchants because of the harshness of the country , and the government had not given them money .
Those who struggle to change the psychological lines of today " s heynthetics claim that they have altered the laws of hyin and that of today " s livelihood , as well as the protection of girls and daughters .
According to the SayWhat , the majority of the people in the country are unaware of the hyin " s hyin " s hygiene decrees that the government " s proclamation of the universe is continuous .
Ndlove placed 7 Studio the need to change the law of propounding the law for a long time .
Ndlove points out that there was a mental disorder , a HIV-positive form of AIDS and a umbrella that allows for prohyin.
Ndlovu explained that the code of the law does not permit any hospital for any sort of hyin radiation , and the law permits a seminary or therapy to become an appendix .
Ms. Tendaishe , who struggled to change the culture of freedom , also declared the Right Right Right Administration , that the hypnotist " s legitimacy was to be unequaled .
Msamire points out that most of the women have lost their lives because of the hyins .
In spite of the fact that too young people want to change the hyin " s law , some young women refuse to accept it , claiming that it doesn " t have the right to condone the hyin " s legitimacy , since it doesn " t allow the teen to live .
In 1977 the legislation ordered the legislation of thehyin .
In Harere , the MDC , led by Nelsonson , some of the leaders of the Apolipolis who tried to force the monarchy at Morgan Tsyangirai " s home .
This turned out to be five inches from Ms Thokozani Khupe .
Ms Khupe has been ruled for two years after Morgan Tsyangirai " s death .
The polipolis and the two-percent successes , Tendai Biti and Lynett Karen Core. Davidhimhimi, Lovemore combines , Gladys Hlatwayo , as well as those involved .
The pilgrims were said to be on the side of the political system and to be caught by polite people .
Because of the fact that the public spokesman , Paul Nyathi , had not been found in the ancients , 7 Studio " s engineers had not yet been available to the high-security and bananas .
The Pygmy " s Fadzai Mahere announced that they had been kidnapped .
In this year , the number of pests and Khupes was reduced to legal conflicts , and the Ms Khupe " s knobs would be at the height of the Ms Khupe .
At the same time , Ms Khupe released four legislations - and why these people are not part of the political party .
Those who were released from legislation and Thabitha Khumalo, Prosper Mutseyami, Lilian Timveous and a hundred arlton Hwende .
Some Zimbabweans in other countries claim that Robert Mugabe " s democracy had moved them to leave the country , claiming that he was using a powerful hand .
The Civilian teacher at Bergen University , Norway , says Zimbabwe Yibuya Imperfect Administrator , Dr. Vitootu , suggests that Ale Mugabe has played a major role in the Abiman masks but one family in Zimbabwe , without any exception .
According to Drhimhutu , one of the Ale Mugabe " s partners with Abimans is a reason why these Abiman officials respected Mugabe .
Mugabe is said to be remembered by the cyclone of cyclones and the mystery of Physicians and by the way he claims to be among the nomads of the nations in such countries as the United States and Britain .
A member of the Mugabe Zanu political party is either unkind or critical of non-Witnesses .
Ale Mugabe will be held in a bed of Laziah , although it has not been placed in the marketplace .
In front of the government " s hospital , doctors and police officers have proposed the end of the month of the month when the government was paid , they would be placed in the front of us for the months .
The director of the Zimbabwean Fortune Academy , who claims that Zimbabwe does not endorse the government " s demands , wrote a knot for the government .
Dr. Nyamande said that he had written a lap on the government to report their revolt on the first day of the new year .
It has been said that these programs were being carried out with police officers in the government " s hospitals because they are not able to get a truck to work , because their wages and money were promised by the government .
Dr. Nyamande also drew the government " s face to appease the rugged leprosy .
Patrick Chinamasa , the minister of economy , took the initiative to conclude that the government was unable to locate a labor force in this year for a lack of money .
Dr Nyamande claims , go to Chinamasa through rugged papers and rugged down the wages of the liver , so we can use the same method of compulsion .
The Koogics who had to pay their salary on Mondays have received their wages for the day , but those who serve as public services , such as coordinators and hikers , will be paid for the year before us , as never before .
But many public workers who had been interrogated with Studio 7 show that they did not believe that they would be able to receive their reward .
We have no conversations about the way to revolt against the authorities , David Pari ambassadors , and Pris
IMAGINE the political party that does not support governmental organizations .
The Zimbabwen-based lawyer for these people has concluded that the majority of these large-scale spices are the Prime Ministers and the students who attend school in Allen Wilson , Harare , in Harare .
Some others who have been dragged are Makomborero Haruzivishe , a former leader of ZINASU , who came to be from today and his fellow Allan Moyo .
We could not converse with the polite Commissioner Paul Nyathi because he did not use his archaeologists to communicate .
Haruzivishe and Moyo would go out to bed on Mondays and urinate into the tube , according to the Lion Innoent Gonese , the M
The United Nations World Health Organization (THO) has shown that Corona virus has been the burden of the entire universe by the death of two hundred and twenty-thirds .
For two days , Corona virus has been attributed to the 20th century , and 9800 people around the world have been infected with lemons and lemons .
The WHO candidates Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebrevesus spent time in the belief that he would do what he could to solve the problem , fearing that the disease would spread to other countries .
Politicians , Dr. Obadiah Moyo , claims that Zimbabwe has tested whether they are in Corona virus or not .
Researchers in Zimbabwe are conducting their home for two weeks .
Politicians Dr Henry Madzorera announced that Zimababwe needed enough money to prevent this disease .
Robert Mugabe " s body of jaws will be hailed during the day of Harare Wednesday and will be held in the marketplace .
The news was published by the Ms Monai Mutsvangwa during the summit of the convention .
Ale Mutsvangwa announced that the government was preparing for the funeral of Mr. Mugabe .
They were asked why the Mugabe had been addressed before the Mutsvangwa and the foreign substitute for Moyo " s use of hypnotism , to mention the date of the funeral of the Mugabe funeral , while others were still in Singapore.
The government is ruling with the family of Mugabe .
The monarch of Katizagom spokesman , Gibson , suggests that there is no mattress in Mugabe , since the government of Emmerson Mnangagwa was entrusted to them .
The Maor General Trust Mugoba , a week after he left , was buried at Heroes Acre burial ground in Harare .
In other cases , the government claims that the number of Zimababwe was eightty-five percent in South Africa , and two Zimbabweans had lost their lives .
Moyo announced that the government was making arrangements to bring the body of the victims home .
The government also claims that hygiene and economy have been reduced to sixty-thirds of high-tech workers .
Politicians , Dr Obadiah Moyo , proposed that he and his economy be prepared to make sure that they will do what they believe .
The doctors placed their gardens on the ground for the weekly harvesting as their wages .
The Emergency of the Italians Dzamara Trustean International Women " s Attitude took place in fighting and also in the Oweupy Africa Unity Square leader of the day of the day .
This program continued in Highfield and the noise of the women who came to the program was given .
A spokesman asked the Dzamara family , who also joined the Itai Dzamara Trust in the construction of the Aleson Dzason Dzamara , to appear before Studio 7 as an indication of his love for the five years that his brother had strayed in that month .
His brother insisted that his brother took part in politics , the work of these people , and that he had done all the work in love , and that Itai Dzamara Trust would continue to support his fine works .
He refers to the Highfields , who is born in Ittai , but they will go to places to help women and non-Witnesses in law , lyrics , and hymns .
Among those present was Remeberan Gaius Zuze , who declared that it was nonexistent to see the Mr. Dzamara , and the company " s partying program .
An unnamed young woman named Studio 7 approached the idea that she had studied in today " s program .
Partson Dzamara pointed out that a monument would be used to remind her cousin of the next day in Glen View Benada , Harare .
She claims that she does not know where her brother is or even if she lives .
He noted that those who worked with Itai Dzamara were like the police force , the people who struggled with these people , Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission , and republics .
In South Africa , South Africa , South Africa , there is nothing to eat from the roam of the immigrants in South Africa .
Some people in Zimbabwe say that South Africa did not respect the organizations of the United Nations for treating the immigrants with respect .
Archaeologist in Zimbabwe " s Migrant Support Network , Shelton oyangwang , presented the 7th Studio the need for a migration , in South Africa , in slavery .
The Zimbabweans in South Africa were also being harassed .
He added that the people of the Zimbabwen agency and other countries use letters .
Zimbabwe " s Exemption Permits , Gladys Mangwende , stated that the Imperial Company " s Professional Civil Civil Construction of the Civilian " s Programpant but also evolved the hygiene .
The head of the Human Rights Wankoh , in North Africa , Dewa Mavhinga , is important in South Africa to the country " s Zimbabwean immigrants .
Mr. Mavhinga continued that the South African government did not violate the law and titire and travel .
Zimbabweni , George Manyika , also supported the case of Mavhinga .
Gabriel Shumba , head of Zimbabwe Exiles Forum , has led to the United Nations , AU and SAD to keep their eyes on the plains of South Africa , as well as the Zimbabweans in the country .
Lions placed a purple in South African countries , Aaron Motseledi , to relinquish their laws before receiving their letters .
He asked for a group of people to associate with the company and to go to the immigrants .
The immigrants , Francis Mukono , claimed that he did not see the value of the pilgrimage in South Africa as a result of a life of deaf people .
Other immigrants , Steven Chiweshe , also claimed that he did not see a knife .
The Mandela Madumise , South Africa " s best-seller , shows that the United Nations Rights Council has put it in front of the United Nations Rights Council to help them deal with the problems that have been heard .
According to Madumise , the end of the month is not finished , and the ultimatum will make sure that this problem is solved .
It is said that some three thousand Zimbabweans from South Africa who claim that the government is misusing their freedom .
But the government of Zimbabwe says that some people have moved to other countries to seek a good job .
Approximately three thirty-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-high-colored professionals have been put in the way to do something about it .
Intensive care units are increasing , and patients are being returned home
Burnouts will be damaged by Senior Health Doctorsionso that they do something to teach and reward the doctors , as well as the public talks for this group , and the Dr. Aaron Musai de Stuo 7 .
Dr Musara commented that he did not have any answers , although he had written a letter to the government and informed them that he would turn to the floor .
Foreigners in the government " s hospitals have also refused to go to work , and the Americans were asked to pay for Ahinime " s sums of money in 2018 , and they are not allowed to use their resources to protect them from cruelty .
Dr. Dongo , head of Zimbabwe Doctorsion , says that they had nothing to do with the government and conversation .
Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctorsion SuZHDA) spokesman , Dr Tapiwa Mungofa , also claims that the government " s permission of the patients to go to the hospital , those who are ill are not getting medical care .
Mr. Mungofa pointed out that in the case of the teen-age workers , most of their employees stayed at home for protection and gaining COVID-19.
7 Studio was unable to interact with the government to solve this problem because a guardian , a professor of authority , Amon Murwira , could not speak to their archaeologists .
For the next week , Mr. Murwira announced that he had begun a conversation with one of the others and that John Mangwiro had given Studio 7 a good job .
The head of the Health Services Board , Dr Paulinus Sikosana , also shows that they were at a convention in COVID-19 to survive .
Politicians also claim that the government has to do something to reduce the risk of the number of prematurely disabilities in the country after the tribulation of the country " s phase of the COVID to the death of twenty-three species .
Honest CityCouncil claims that they are ready to eat and put it on Monoada " s old-fashioned houses in their hometown .
The former scribes , Abel Gotora , and former charmers were roasting their houses , putting them to the fore , and put them to the fore forest for buildings that were damaged by the wealthy .
However , Mr. Gotora said that the pense was not all the buildings that were broken but that they would be forced to build up the six people taken to the building .
Tafadwa Marimo , Emmanuel Ngwaru, Richard Svosve, Pepukayi Marega and Devis Shopo , were among those who took the initiative .
One of these six inhabitants , Emmanuel Gwaru , declared that the ultimatum was so enthusiastic that the prosecution of the prosecution came down that the government had told the first to repair the area , and he did not tell them to respect the buildings .
Mr. Gwaru , one of the greatest problems of eating , was to pay the money for the first man-made buildings . Gadzemalasela First Patriciaia " s
Mr. Gotora announced that the former gossip would play a role in the Gadzema song .
Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights , Kumbirai Mafunda , says that in recent years , terafiks are coming to their office to preach to them .
Many of the formers in the country are demolishing their illegal buildings .
Instead , all the world " s merchants were on their way to the near future .
The ultimatum of the Morgan Tsvangirai , or Harvest House , was attached to a peak of hypnotism .
The report said that the Phokozani Khupe was not in MDCT and that a three-month-old [ Picture Credit Line ] would be closed .
Instead , those who go to the political party may have been a little harder than the two people who are using the Ian Makone and Reverend Tim Neil (one of the Church of the Province of Central Africa or the Surgeon .
Alliance wrote archaeologist Charlton Hwende and believes that these two people will be alone .
In 2014 , Douglas Mwonzora , a member of the political party , wrote a political official who became part of the Makone and Neil .
Instead , they say that they are not free to work there , and we can talk with Mr. Makone and Mr. Neil .
PUBLISHERS , ob Sikhala , claims that St Marys , in the hitungwiza region , which has caused political supporters to be trapped in their homes .
Sikhala , a chairman of Zengeza West , claims that a policeman named opponent is looking for supporters of the political party .
We also tried to keep our conversations with Mr.abangwe and did not want to answer the questions .
The 7th class of Studio was unable to communicate with polite speakers , As Questions Commissioner Paul Nyathi , and this policeman wants to be supportive .
Rather , it has been a news that they want to discontinue the Administrator " s proposals in all countries .
The last month of the Sikhala " s accusations was that he wanted to threw the government of Emmerson Mnangagwa in front of Studio 7 , fearing that most people would be trapped in their homes .
More than nine people were dragged at Harare Fiada " s Symptom that day .
In the city where it is located in the city , there is a highway for the public to use the Public Order and Sennaurity Actno to prevent the political party .
The Apolis have used to attack the Adversary to make the exhibition at Harare , Bulawayo, Gweru and Masvingo .
Political news reports that this too can happen to the Lake of the Multitude , which is intended to be exhibited on Thursday .
Hae Zimbabwe , on the legal basis of the government " s economy , was dispatched to Ziyambi Ziyambi Ziyambi Ziyambi Ziyambi and the minister of economics , Mthulibe was executed to be the target of MDCT , which Thokozani Khupe dwere .
Haesito " s executives , Priscilla Munangati Manongwa , accused Jehonada that they had moved to Ziyambi and Nube on four MDCTS , claiming that the Constitution of Economic Cooperation is permission for political dweregs .
R7,500M would receive RTGS .
Scholars say that Nelson " s Administrators went to the Steward Bank and wrote to the bank that they were producing a hundred supporters who were able to finance the political party " s funds .
Luke Tamborinyoka , a nun of MDC-TT , declared that cyclones are acceptable for judgment .
A political leader named Morgen Cancer , who claimed to be a political leader , set out a way to save money to be the leader of the political party (and it is because of the fact that it took a quarter to lead the political party .
Sir Tamborinyoka says that a hundred percentage of the money can be obtained , for the law-abiding people took through his name and went to the bribe .
But Komihi insisted that a hundred and others follow the law .
But the Harare law-abiding man , Kudazi Kadzere , said that a strategy could continue in the court for ten days .
Ziyambi told 7thops that they would be able to kiss the judicial cases within a ten-day period .
We have also been able to deal with Mudenda , a law-enforcement agent and an observant and an aggressive man who watched the economy for the sake of their names in a court case .
A lawyer also showed that they did not accept their arguments , which meant that they did not agree with the message , and that the money would be used for hundreds of miles .
6 The first day of the Adversaries is not to fight this money .
In the year 2006 , Scholar Welshman Aube fights Tubei in the Ahinime month of 2005 and heard his own Malcam and accepted the sums of money from the Federal A. J. Ysgiraibai " s hosts .
Zimbabweni , Dr Rita Hmpinya , a member of the Female Prisoners Suport Trust , in the introduction of the 2020 International Women of Manage Award .
This appendix reminds women of the fine works of the world that the United State Dpartment of International Relation provides .
Dr Nyampinga said that she never thought of having this wing , and she said that it was much more enjoyable to count the ends of the quarter .
Dr Nyampiga said that they would travel to prisons in the United State to learn how to cope with the situation in prison and to work hard in the country .
Dr Nyampinga said that their work needed courage and that others are happy to see their jobs .
At the end of the symposium , the State of International Relations , Miramhael Pompeo , said that the work of these two-months is acceptable and necessary to fight therapy .
This program was rented for four decades .
Some of these legends have been obtained from Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaian, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Kazakhstan , Malaysia , Nitoagua , Pakistan , Syria, Yemen and Zimbabwe .
Alejor Pompey said that this activity is important because it has not been allowed to use it in order to bring these women into the sky .
In the opening remarks , a young woman in the United States , Melania Trump , said that she was so excited about the work of women in the upper chambers .
Nearly four years ago , Pompey said that she had met the women who had been selected to meet the three-year-old girlfriends and that they had been doing this work in the past four years , where she had been coping with a wide variety of plagues throughout the world .
Dr Nyampinga pointed out that he began fighting for this incidence during the past three decades .
After the release of his company , Ms. Nyampinga struck metal in the Women Coalition Of Zimbabwe,rises in Zimbabwe Coalition , Women " s Administrator on the PoliticalLeder Department and Aids Support Network .
Some of Zimbabwe " s branches have also developed this type of electronic form of Ms. Ms. Wagadonga Mahlangu , Msestina Muko and Ms. Beatrier
In Corona therapy , the head of government asked South Africa to investigate whether a Zimbabwean marijuana marijuana boiled into Benada .
The artifacts of Zimbabwe indicate that the South African National Institute of Professional Disease is not based on the statistics of South Africa in the north of South Africa to teach Coronavirus or
The woman in Wilkins Hospital , Harare. Dr. Manangazira , a professor of physiology , reported that the mother would see if she was sick or not .
The smaller ships and ships from the ZUPCO company have allowed people to travel on the roads , and this has led to a massive attack , no matter how hard the country would be for the gaining of the COVID-19 to survive in the country .
Many people are suffering during their journeys and on the head and on the evenings to get involved in the small ships there .
The government has decreed that pilgrims have been imposed so that the COVIDD VIDD ARV can be treated only by ZUPCO ships .
But different ships do not want to go down to work as soon as ZUPCO attacks them .
Those who manage to survive the day , as well as the ZUPCO coordinators , met to try to reduce the wages of any problem that the drivers " wages are so elusive .
The ships were ordered to meet the officials and to repair the records .
Studio 7 is also unable to stop ZUPCO from doing what is being done to repair the powerful ships .
However , the Harare Residents Turst , Pregnarian Shumba , declared that the government " s propagation of the journey was short-lived before the blazing of the hand .
Lions claim that the government " s use of polipolite and military forces is determined to control the people " s rules of order to help control the rubber .
They also argued that high officials also do not take part in the ships to ensure that nobody is HIV or COVID 19 .
The Bulawayo " s companies and companies gathered the city " s city officials for a time to think about the devastating effects of the floodwaters .
The monk of associationfor Business in Zimbabwe (ABUZ), the Nyoni , declared that the loss of their jobs had damaged their jobs as workers in need of water for their jobs .
Alejandni suggests that the former officers had promised that they would get enough water for the weeks before them. Kansere " s officers would stole their work for the end of this week .
Two weeks , Bulawayo had no water supply for the first dried water .
The corn is that the place where the water is obtained is covered .
Alejandoni says we know him well that the city of Bulawayo has been more than a hundred years ago because of marijuana and the rainbow .
He called the government and the pensere to take decisive action to resolve the problem .
7 Studio was unable to listen to the earliest insults .
Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctorsion Desiona , in the four-wheel-drive species , declared that those who walked along with the pediatricians met after Wednesada , waiting to hear the spices Emmerson Mnangagwa .
Money researchers at the convention , Dr. Prince Butau , show that he is looking forward to hearing something from Mr. Mnangagwa , Thursday , or Fiada .
Alequate Mnangagwe , who was planning to take the lead in the case of the revolt , approached him .
The curtains in the horizon are irritating from the patients who put them in the bloom of cyclone on the first day
But the archbishop of chemist Working Group on Health , Mr. Itai Rusike , declared that the government was quick to solve any problem and to give the doctors money before the knobbs are caught .
Zimbabweans in South Africa are teaching at Groote Shuur Hospital , who is in her hometown of Town , where the latest monoonstantino ohiwenga is supposed to go to her country to obtain medical care .
Alewenga was sent to another country in South Africa to treat herself without treatment , but Studio 7 had no evidence that she had a major hospital in South Africa .
The Moni Mutsvangwa and Construction Scholar Mangwana say nothing about the rubber of George " s day , while VOA Studio , Zimbabwe , spoke with them .
But Studio 7 could not attract a quarter of communication that it is true that she is in a health-care center .
Another Zimbabwean woman namedarloshimbi , who lives in Town , joined the Zimbabweans in the exhibition .
He stubbornly declared that he was saddened that he had been robbed by the aftereffects of disabilities in the country , knowing that if he was sick , he would go to nursing for a foreign land .
He said that he had been able to say these words to the hospital in the heel of the hospital , asking him to talk to him , but he did not say that Mr.hiwenga was in the hospital or that he did not .
He shattered to say that the opponent " s supervisor asked him that it was not lawful for him to talk to patients who would come to the hospital in an unscrupulous hospital
In the year that followed , doctors begged the people to be unscrupulous , but the government did not arrange for loopholes to solve the problems of fanatics that prevent people from getting better health care .
The first place in the world is Groote Shurr Hospital .
The Apolipolis have ordered the Non-Witness Militaristic movement to stop their favorite convention at the time of the day and for their archaeologists , Nelson , and the political party for the year .
He was accusing them to their convention at Harare , assistant spokesman Luke Tamborinyoka said that they had been missing their large assembly and that the school was heading for .
Tamborinyoka said that there was no shortage of conventional conference for tomorrow , since the Military movement did not want to attack its supporters .
He pointed out that the proselytists were more likely to try to get along with their supporters as they did when the political party tried to force the political party to teach them the
He announced that the convention in Ms Musodzi Hall in Mbare would take place on Tuesday during the first week of our convention , with 2020 gendada 202020 Philosophy .
Mr. Tamboinyoka suggested that they be treated as a fugitive and that they were thinking that they did not violate or change their orders .
We couldn " t understand anything from Zimbabwe " s polite spokesman , As Questions Commissioner Paul Nyathi , since his archaeologists were academic .
Civilist Masimba Kuhera presented Studio 7 to think that polipolite people are misrepresenting the Malsene .
Within the year that followed , ZRP took the three-month courses on Malnutrition in the city of the country , fearing that the exhibition would lead to violence , as it did in the drought .
This is made up of Nobel peace Award for Ethiopian deputy Abiy Ahmed. Norway .
His peace between his country and Eritrea was overthrowned with luggish oil , some two decades earlier .
The first black person to receive this asset was Albert Luthuli , from South Africa in 1960 .
Among them are Nelson Mandela , from South Africa , Anwar Sedat , from Egypt and Kofi Annan , from Ghana .
Among those who have received such an appendix are the Aubishop Desmond Tutu , Liberia mampanin Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Wangari Maathai , of Kenya .
The Zimbabwean Tsvangirai , a prime minister , and Morgan Tsvangirai were also released in 201ll , who could not accept the tiger " s assets .
Dr Pedzisayi Ruhanya , in the Univeristy of Johannesburg , has declared that there are many spider Emmerson Mnangagwa in the study of Ahmed demmuo .
Many elephants and animals are dying in the Hwange National Park , where they are starved and thirsty , thus allowing the government to insurmount the death of the elephants .
At Studio 7 in the Hwamge National Park , we saw a number of elephants starving and thirsting .
Tinashe Farawo , a spokesman for Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority (Zimarks), stated in Studio 7 languages of Studio that in the month is coming from the month to month , compounds of elephants are compounded and dead and that the versatile is in this year .
In addition , the Pharaohs added that food and water in the opposite directions had cost the lives of many elephants and animals .
One elephant needs about 200 choiceds during the meals and about two gallons (200 L) and more .
Today , ZimParks claim to have about 45,000 elephants in the area .
Sociologists claim that ZimParks " s archives are not honest , and they are doing the same as selling elephants .
The Leninhisaira parasite is acceptable that the remains of elephants and animals die in starvation and are among those who do not accept Zimpark " s denial .
The pohisaira , says the government " s council , has a blast of rubber in the area where it has been placed as a threat to the animals in the Hwange National Park .
On the other hand , Mr. Farawo reported that those who care for these animals adopted the idea that the elephants and animals there had risen to a higher level by producing a high-scale job in which the administrator is at work .
Zimbabwe and some of the countries in the north of Abirem , including Botswana , claim that they want the International ovention on the Trade in Endagered to sell their elephants from their ages to locate the Abirem region , which has caused many problems to help and protect people .
In this year alone , three people have been killed by the animals .
THE official convention in the state of Geneva , Switzerland , was retired in the month , and the group refused to take the baker " s pockets on two sides .
The prime minister of Safari Operators associationof , Emmanuel Fundira , declared that it would be necessary for a ITES and those who struggled with these animals to see the problems of these elephants to bring Zimbabwe and other countries .
Nqobizitha Ndlovu , the minister of the finish line , said that in Studio 7 language , the government is trying to collaborate with other countries and to help the ITES .
It was also said that the elephants could be transported to other countries .
The Hwange National Park was opened in 1928 , which was the largest part of the country .
The park was over ten thousand miles [ 14,000 ° C ] long , and the elephants were attacked by 2000 .
A polite writer caused Footballers Union of Zimbabwe, FUZ, Paul Gundani to die in the afternoon of the Kwekwe Wedneada .
To this day , there is no uncertainty about the exact process of death .
FUZ has noted that Gundani died in Topomasi Private Hospital in Kwekwe .
The company , says the versatile , was at death , and it would be hard for everything to fall into his bed , since the luggage was used to help the locust .
Gundani , who played a lump for Ziso Steel , a relapse for Young Warriors , continued to be sent toWarriors and was called the ADeam Team , and Reinard Fabioh .
FUZ , a coffee , Marlene Gadzirayi , announced that he had been living in the Gundani region .
Ms Gadzirayi put it before Studio 7 , after the mourning procession of quenching knife with them when we were thinking about how to continue .
Sir Gadzirayi says that the country had lost the luggage of the balls and that he no longer had anything to do with the funeral of Mr. Gundani , waiting to see the time of the family .
Zimbabwe Football Footballion " s nerve-racks have been named after the death of the Gundanio as a result of their grief and will support the family throughout the funeral .
ZIFAFA Communications worker Xolisani Gwesele said that Gundani " s death was a tragedy for the whole country and that it would be hard to find a loving person who made a thunder .
Gwesela wrote in the ZIFAFACY " s style of hypnotism , to mention Paul Gundani .
Robert Mugabe " s body was not taken to his home in Zyimba , that his wife , Grace Mugabe , was sick .
Some members of the family say that the corpse will come to the head of Zyimba Monoada .
In the afternoon of Zyimba , there are a thousand waiting for the Mampanin Mugabe body .
A spokesman for the Mugabe family of Mugabena , Leo Mugabe and Leo Mugabe , announced that the Mugabe was now known and that he did not know why he was sent by King Zyimba .
Leo Mugabe said that the body would come home early in the morning and fly .
But the king , Katizagombo , also known as Gibson , also indicates that the body does not come to Zyimba " s curiosity because Mrs. Grace Mugabe was sick .
The king , Katizogombo , once again said that the body would be in the tower and lay on the day of the burial .
However , Leo Mugabe said that the Mugabe " s body would be on the horizon of the Mugabe " s body and that it would be closed to the completion of the precious mail .
The most unusual father of man " s insecticide has been shown compassion , whether Mugabe " s body is coming or it does not occur during the last three and a half days .
Leo Mugabe said that the Mugabe " s body would be in Zyimba a day and that it would be sent to Harare , where he would be buried .
Leo Mugabe pointed out that humans would need a place in the home of Mupanin Mugabe , Harare .
One member of the MDC-TT political party under Nelson " s head is hoping to die in Zyimba today , Lloyd Tarubwa , who was arrested for nine months at the time when he was not sent to the non-time government , and he came to see that he was really going to die in Mumingabe .
Sir Mugabe " s funerals have been a major part of the country " s population , and they think that Mr. Mugabe was responsible for her death .
Mr. Mugabe died in Singapore during the ninth month of the nineth month , and in the sixth month when he was sick for a long time .
A team of teachers named Amalgamted Rural Teachers Union , or ARTUZ , Zimbabwe , says that one of their archaeologists , Godfrey " s arrows , gave him a second-hour polite for the next day .
But the ARTUZ-warning ARTUZ has been stopped in the state of the Mfinite " s insistence on having her fight against Gweru .
ARTUZ " s paninin Obert Masaraure commented that the removal of this immunity for a three-day period of rubber that was not said to be two days .
Some of the Masaraure-generals are also on their way to help the group .
The exhibition ended on Wednesday .
But Masaraure said that they would be a meeting after the revolt and that they would take steps to get involved .
We have not been able to meet the minister of the priesthood , Sir Sekai Nzenza , and ask the government for hypnotism , but he does not use his ancients .
The Platinum-AF Champions League has given public questions about Zimbabwe " s proclamation .
It contains two games in the contest between Platinum and Esperan , who has children , or who can win the Horoya Athlekalub , whose home and other countries have been lost in Horoyas for the first time .
In the case of the Platinum , one of the fruits of the three-day parks is being built for the rest of the spectrum of the spectrum of the Spenonian Mushambadope .
Mushambadope says that there is no seed in the rest of the stadium .
The first part of the competition was played in Angola Primeiro de Agosto , after the first time Lunda had again in their home .
During the two and a half thousand years , the smaller heaps United " s United suitcase became part of the group , and it is none other than the Al Ahli Tripolis , who had been in their own home for four days .
During that same year , Ngezi Platinum Stars , who were on the way to four Zimbabwe in the combination of the sophistication , set out in the first step in the conquest of Angola , Libolo .
The two thousand and six thousandth year , Harare Citya , in the same tunnel , spared the first step. Zanao in Zambia and ordered one of the two atoms to be heard at the Rufaro Stadium and to 31 in Zambia .
This indicates that the combination of the Abimans was not able to stand in front of the remainder of the Abiman and the other Abiman " s throats in the past two hundred and eight thousand years , Dynamos was able to evolve the manufacturer of potatoes in the Champions League of eight and eight thousand .
Even more severely , Platinum has had only one seed in four athletes , not one seed , and six cemeteries in four stadiums .
The problem is that all the remainder of Zimbabwe " s combination of the Abirem was being shown by a compulsion of the country " s luggage .
The low-floater of the Tinashe Musebi , says Zimbabwe " s United chemist , needs a wide range of recipes to make the Lesotho , Botswana and Swaziland .
Athletes of Zimbamura are unable to compete in the Abibire , since all the city dwellers were helped to travel abroad , headquarters in South Africa during the construction of the Abirem .
During the passing year , Platinum lost Gerald Takwara , Elvishipeze and Talent , a year " s failure at Rodwellhinyane , who adopted a wrestling in Baroka .
But John ripped the Lengthens to the Program for Premier League , saying that in Zimbabwe " s panel and throats in the country , it was possible to pay the wages to travel to South Africa and Zambia .
To the end of the same year , Zimbabwe played only two different types of games , heristle Lagermier Social League and poliku Superper , the last year of Zifaup .
In Zimbabwe , the rotist Musa Masepe says that Zimbabwe don " t have a gift , and some people want to get away with it or something else because their wages are too high .
It would take a long time before the country " s luggage teams could compete with the remainder of Abiman .
A quarter of the Democratic Party in the US rugged rubber in the Obubuo month made the vocabulary of New York " s Mayor Mimehael Bloomberg .
Bloomberg , who has become the best rich , refused to stand in the name of the Aelection , in the name of the monkey of the RePublican political spokesman Donald Trump .
Mr. Bloomberg issued a year earlier B.C.E. The monetary value of more than $400M was spent on their own .
The prosecutor did not stand by means of the Iowa and New Hampshire , nor did he stand in the Alection in Navada and Southarolina , while he was about to cross the throat of the state of four toilets in the Democratic Party .
Bloomberg " s decision to go to the cemetery was not the same as Bernie Sanders , who stands in four Vermont than Elizabeth Warren Warren , who is at four Massaquits , to mention the mythology .
He was speaking at the time of the great Nevada " s political convention , Mr. Sanders said that in AmErica " s history , there is a need for someone to gather more than anything else in AmErica " s history .
Mr. Sanders commented that Mr. Bloomberg , a well-known man in New York , was to try to rotate him into a pot and search for blacks and Latinos , who was not part of Latinos , said that these steps make it difficult for many people to believe that Trutump in the month of the Thum .
But Bloomberg refuted Mr. Sanders " words , saying that Mr. Sanders , the director of the Democratic Party " s political party , was dismissed as the first four years of the Democratic Party .
The Civilization of the Zanu PF-Century coordinator , Frank Guni , stated that it is clear that the contest between Sanders and Bloomberg , in its own position , that the seise of the monastery was more likely to be in the backs of Sanders .
In the case of Bloomberg and Sanders , the Guni says , stands in the jacket as a way to win the Trump .
Some observers in the Democratic Party Club say: Barabbas Obama " s prosecutor , Biden; Minnesota , more than Amy Klobuhar and I will sleep in South Bend , Indiana and Petegieg.
The Democratic Party political party has 3,979 groceries , and before a person could be appointed to lead the political party in the election , it has 1,990 acres [ 1,990 g ] to winlegates .
In addition to the yeligates , we have a special tasteligates that when Democratic meetings were held in the Kitawonsa Peninsuon , 4,750 acres [ 4,750 ° C ] of Wisphere , there is a total of 2,200 in attendance .
Many people go to bank early in the morning with their belief that they will be allowed to live in the world " s large banks , but they do not measure up to them .
Research by 7 Studio " s banks in Harare, Bulawayo , a refrigerator of Masvingo , the remainder of the Masvingo , Gweru , and the rest of the region , shows that no other banks had ever ever been able to reach people .
One of the bank employees said that he had waited for the same day for the money , and he heard it from the news that they were coming to a new one .
Mr. Marwira pointed out that it was necessary to buy money on the corners of the house , and he said that he might have been able to obtain a
A man who was buying and selling money in the latrines who did not want to use his name also told Studio 7 that he was looking at the new money .
The RBZ, a bank manufacturer of this so-called monetary system , which is believed to be an important part of the country " s poverty .
Governor of RBZ , John Mangudya , has declared that he will use $2Mdo to produce a total of $2.5.5 degrees Fahrenheit [ $2.5 ° C ] .
The Prersof Zimbabwe " s scientist , Webster Rusere , made sure that some of the banks had been obtained or that RBZ was sent only to the bank .
Unemployment of money has led to corruption in the country , perhaps to help people who are grieving because of financial problems but who feel that it is an example of punishment .
Zimbabweans who said that they were snatched in South Africa and that they felt that it was some South African citizens who were unwilling to have a job .
The South African high-ranking minister , Bheki Jele; a traveling minister , Fikile Mbalula , and the merchant who watched over the trucks , Thulas , and the Thulas Systems , warned those who wanted to get their trucks .
Jele officers warned that the sealed fire would cause them to wander because they were destroying the country " s economy .
But two hours later , N2 was burned in Durban .
The spokesman for the police , the Superinendent Parboo Sewpersad , insurmountable appendix .
At the end of the eighth week , eight ships , the Zimbabweans were fired in KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng .
The Titenani march of Zimbabwe Exiles Forum , Gabriel Shumba , said that the roads have been set free in SA and closed .
Based on the South Africa Zimbabwe Exemption Permits , Edward Musohatuta , declared that this event had happened , and he and some other drivers were showing that the government had been called to the case .
One of the drivers , George Naka , has been called unrelenting conversations .
Daviefa , one of the drivers , declared that she was afraid of losing her life .
Tears went on to say that too many people are unaware of their future .
A South African police officer , Bheki Jele , warned that high officials would intensify roads to fight fight fighters , which helped to stop their debts .
Lions tell Studio 7 that the problem is that South Africa " s citizens have never claimed to be trapped in other countries .
Shumba , on the other hand , accused the verdict that the people could not be punished for the matter .
Lions went on to say that their company had written a letter to the hosts in South Africa and Zimbabwe who were asked to work hard to solve this problem .
Dewa Mavhinga , director of the Human Rights Watɔh region of Abirem , denounced this matter and advised anyone who used it to encourage them to travel at night .
The country " s economy is sending Zimbabweans to seek work in South Africa , and in this case , the city of South Africa is speaking for the sake of foreigners .
It has been suggested that the Zimbabwe Doctors Dr. Peter Magombeyi managed to go to South Africa to receive treatment by a police officer for the next tenth month .
The United States is making $42M a new $42M for one million people from the previous month to the Cold War , 2020 .
The villagers of Gwanda , located in Matabeleland , told Studio 7 that there is no blanket in the government " s day and that there are no substantial companies and that they are trying to
The United States " s mampanin , Donald Trump , addressed to the two United Nations organization in New York.
THE leaders were gathering with Harare Citykanse to find ways to solve the problem of the city " s water
For example , as the young people may be trapped in the economy of the country , they are falling into a better life in other countries where they have been subjected to harassment and harasment .
If you would like to listen to this program or to send a message to Studio 7 , 001 pairs of WhatsApp.
You would like to listen to Studio 7 in the morning of 909 defrauders , 4930; 6040, and 15460 kiloats in Short Wave .
For six o " clock in Studio 7 , Monoada took to Friday in 909am, 4930, 7285 in Short Wave .
Zimbabwe , along with the entire universe , celebrated the International Women " s practitioner " s day , many of which are said to be a constant threat to the public because the mattrimony of the population was uneasy .
It has been said that Zimbabweans " high-ranking laws for both men and women , but the many of the women who spoke with them show that they do not need public service , political , and social , or social organizations .
The law-abiding prisoner , also a prosecutor , of the Swissy Maome , told Studio 7 that in the country , there were men who had betrayed their ceremonies in courts .
They say that there is a great privilege to be able to give the right between the women and the men to the nearness of the law .
A high-ranking man in Zimbabwe " s Lawyersano , Abigail Matsvai , told Studio 7 that today is a crucial day and an admiration for government officials to obey the laws of perfect men and women .
One of the Magazines and Bosungirai Hungweungwebunde introduced Studio 7 as a symptom of a day-to-day education , as it would be necessary to show people the value of equality between women and men .
The ant " s archives are trying to lure political movements and to keep them from reaching out as far as they are too young to fight .
This year " s chronological date is the Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for a hundred years .
The Weapon Maome suggests that the archer " s succession of the marine has the ability to help the females and the males in the 2023 category .
The Matsvai , also supported by this group of leaders , has not changed its way of life .
The Ms. Maome once again said that women are at the risk of starving themselves and wearing men .
He said that it was clear that the majority of men in the political party did not want to leave , and that is why the women are on the move , and that is why they are not able to fight some kind of hypnotism .
In the eighth year of the International Women " s Position Day Day , this day has been marked by rubber , politics , and other political and social activity , showing that women have the opportunity to get men .
In the Midlands regions of the Midlands , the government " s programs were organized into various locations , and Nelson approximately approximately served in the potungwiza .
The tigers of Zimbabwe " s Human Right Commission also reported that women find it difficult to get ahead because they are not allowed financially .
Zimbabwe " s peace Prroject also introduced their arguments to fight against those who trampledie on the rumors while demonstrating it throughout the country .
Apadie set out for eight-hour children to go to work until the discipline was illegal .
For two days , Patriarch Rodgers Manyangadze and Lawren Murasi had been forced to go to work .
The report also answered that the prosecutor " s twinklers had a two-week opportunity to resent the problem .
The Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctors Institute of Toba Ndoro says that no matter what it did , the doctors do not have the right to go to work .
Studio 7 asked him that if they did not follow the claim , they were not afraid to lose their jobs , Dr. Ndoro , to say that those who had taken their jobs did not have to go to work .
The Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctors Museum " s Associate , Dougoltart , claims that he does not agree on the subject .
He also said that if the doctors were willing , he had the opportunity to go to the pecks for the judgment .
Dr. Obadiah Mayo and Health Service Board are unable to stop the aggressor .
The doctors placed their sculptures on a day when they said that they had no work .
Doctors who go to work are also wearing the rugged Jerry , which is said to be wages and hospital conditions .
THE US government has proposed that the Pygmies will continue to harass the people in the area .
He and Studio 7 are conversing with the US prosecutor , Taylor , USAID " s director of the USAID , saying that he and his organizational organization are using the means to make the damaged buildings , and they are heading for the loss of food , and that people will lose their lives .
Taylor pointed out that the Manialand area " s largest electromagnetic explosion was so severe that Zimbabwe " s government could not
Taylor , who went to the Manialand area to provide food , shows that he was a rugged groaning of the people in the region .
He said that the young man who had seen them was so sad that it was important for the people in Manialand to have a stomach , such as food and shelter , as well as to help them find refreshment .
Taylor pointed out that they had not seen those who had strayed their political party and had no support for the government .
According to USAID that Zimbabwe " s government asks for more than one reason , they too will go to Zimbabwe to teach people how to know the time and where the storm will come and how to protect people and possessions .
Firi " s industrious Idai was built by the United States for Zimbabwe $2.6M.
Zimbabwe " s government , United Nations , and NGOs have been responsible for a $60M " s attempt to care for the victims of Idai .
It is thought that 300,000 people need help in the Manialand area and that 129,00 of them are sleeping .
Nineteenth-security Idai was damaged , a hundred and ten-third school-age damage to 90,000 tumors .
The government says that 300 people were numbered , and 399 people lost their lives .
They are looking forward to the increase .
Some patients say that they are accepting medical treatment in a foreign country because children who are involved in child-rearing and who are willing to die in a health-care center .
According to Studio 7 , some patients are traveling to other countries , such as South Africa , Botswana , and Zambia , to accept treatment by temporarily drivers .
One of the patients we spoke to in Paritwa , Labor Mollinehindove , said that he often comes to the hospital to get medical care , but nothing goes on .
A farmer named South Africa , says that he is heading for health care because he fears that the torrents of the torrent will be killed in the dry water .
One of the Patriarch " s relatives , Fionbai , said that he had nothing to do with him to go to Zambia for tomorrow to receive medical treatment .
The 7th study of Studio showed that the intensive state " s psychiatric hospitals are becoming increasingly susceptible , and many are struggling to get out of the state hospital for treatment .
Wilbert Languagenze said that he had moved his wife to visit the General Hospital to see her at a hospital inhitungwiza .
The languagenze says that each day a truck from an ozone to the rifle to the bladder of the ounce [ kg ] has made all the money .
The Health Services Board has proposed that young people who are involved in recreation will soon return to work .
The bush has also ordered all the rebels to keep their jobs in order to return to work .
This is the result of a series of statements from a high-quality telescope .
However , Zimbabwe " s Doctors for Human Rights claims that the government " s hypnotists have no legal rights and that the local authorities do not have funeral titles .
The locian Lionel Messi , who struck the Argentina and the lumbacterium in Spain , called Barcelona to threw the country of Argentina once again , without being able to afford one cup .
Messi took this case when he went to AmErica " s parks in the United States , where Argentina took the pottery on the last throat of the competition in the contest , and the second , in Argentina , had the arranging of the umbrella .
In Argentinaokipa Sergio Romero , a rubber struck by Franciso Silva .
The two countries fought to correct the nonstop at 82,000 people in East Rutherford , New York .
In North and South AmErica , all countries are located in AmErica .
Three years later , Argentina parted the pottery at the hands of a pot in the rifle , whereas nobody was allowed to fight it . Messi could not force his maidservant. Argentina pot 42-52 during the panaatis .
Messi then placed it before the Ty trying Technical Jubilee that she no longer managed to locate to Argentina , since she could not accept the cup , although it was a rumor of the rumor .
I " m nineteen-year-old .
Barcelona has taken the Champions League " s cup for four days , and Argentina has not yet been able to rescue AmErica or World .
Some patients in Bulawayo are unable to get medical care in the city " s hospitals for four days .
When Studio 7 weighed the Mpilo hospital , a number of patients , such as pregnant women , were curious , and they were allowed to go home .
One mother named Dlamini and Studio 7 spoke with her stomach legs (including water), and she was asked to return to the home because they could not find a doctor .
We wanted to talk to Mr. Leonard Mabande , the director of the hospital , also to speak with Zolani Ndlovu , who is a medikal defectrist , so he shows that he cannot talk to him now .
In the United Bulawayo hospital Dr. Naraisaus Dzvanga , a large-scale codikal pharmaceutical department of the hospital , it has been designed to treat the patients without being able to cure the patients .
Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctorsion spokesman , Dr Mthabisi Bhebhe , says that doctors still use their technology , although the government has ordered them to go to work , claiming that they have nothing to do with the government .
Dr Ndlovu defines the use of hypnotism in the hospital for refusing to go to work because they do not need the necessities of life .
Dr. Obadiah Moyo , a chairman of high officials , cannot hear the government " s arguments on the matter .
But Dr Moyo " s follower , Dr. John Mangwiro , reprimanded Studio 7 in ancient times that they now have nothing to say about the matter because they are not in the country .
In discussion with Bulawayo Metropolitan Provino and 7 Studio , the law-enforcement Sibanda of the Bulawayo Metropolitan Provino reported that this quarter has continued for a while , and it is sad that government officials are watching for the death of some people .
Administrates placed them on Saturdays , and most of them are in a public hospital where counselors are conducted .
Barry Daka , who was a cotton and a player for Highlanders , has died when he was sick for a short time .
His daughter , Lorraine , took the lead in Studio 7 , to leave her father today in their home in Barbourfield.
For example , when he said that he was sick at Barbourfields Stadium and that he was snatched and killed .
The Highlanders attacked their Twitter as a symptom and added that they were weeping with their family and those who joined them .
In 1986 , Mr. Daka " s work was under the control of his compulsion , and he took them with a large quantity of water used by the Independence , a nebuku Trophy, Rothmans Shiels and NetBBrew .
Mr. Daka " s funeral has not yet been in the street .
Thomas Mapfumo , a large musician , says that in the preceding month , the Zimbabwean mampanin Robert Mugabe of the United Nations General Assembly will be held in New York .
Mr. Mapfumo said that Zimbabweans need to show that they do not enjoy what is happening in their country and that if they don " t go , it " s like a statistic .
Mr. Mapfumo says that she will not practice physiology as a result of her surveillance of the Zimbabweans and that the world " s total government will be united in the spider of Mugabe .
Mapfumo told Studio 7 that in New York there was a musician but that there were others to be done to protest corruption and pressure from the Mugabe government in Zimbabwe .
We are looking forward to the team of #Thisflag , a clergyman of Evans Mawarie , A Tyre African Altar Unity Square , NGOs , and Zimbabwe .
Among those who came to the program was Patson Dzamara , a young brother of Itai Dzamara , who fought for this crowdedie , who was missing the last year .
According to the Amalgamated Rural Teachers of Zimbabwe (ARTUZR), there was no interaction between their government and teachers to solve the problem of teachers .
Obert Masaure , the leader of ARTUZ , explained to Studio 7 that the company was not interested in seeing so-called soft-colored tutors without lyrics and needy teachers .
Masaraure says that since the teachers " wages are not enough for them and their relatives , they are writing letters to find a new job .
Paul Mavhima is not able to talk to the minister of the book , and he is not able to listen to the subject .
According to the world " s Ahinime Peninsula that has been designed to advertise the effects of cancer in the fifth century , sociologist associationof Zimbabwe claims that some people do not know anything about the disease in the country .
The traditional rituals show that those who suffer from serious cancer experience the pain of the brain before departing to help care for those who have contracted cancer or who have been infected with the symptoms of the tumor are also acutely difficult experience .
Priscilla Mangwiro , a native of Zimbabwe " s associationof Weltant , has been credited with the need for patients who have been infected with such a catastrophic
Ms. Mangwiro says that it is important for coffins to be treated in the hospital to check their bodies to see if they are infected with a spinal cancer .
Ms. Mangwiro claims that cancer is a second-largest disease in Zimbabwe .
Ms. Mangwiro says that the first day of Ahinime " s first proliferation to cancer was the first time , the chemistry , and the superpower of the Ahite " s fifty-two-foot [ kg ] marine jungle .
When he heard about the work of the chemist associationof Zimbabwee , a woman named Gertrude Magwaniza reported that she took her daughter there and saw cancer among her .
Alcohol Mangwira claims that a number of hypnotisms can cause the cancer of the women .
Ms. Mangwira suggested that they turn to the women " s nerve-rackets or cancers .
Ms. Mangwiro said that the majority of women thought that they would die if they had cancer , but many knobs would be sent to live in the world .
Ms. Mangwiro says that one of the reasons why cancer is a combination of diarrhea and meat .
Ms. Mangwiro has advised the women to take these steps to see whether they are in cancer or some diagnosed and to let their knowledge pass through .
More than half a million people will be infected each year with the terrible disease that is too high to go to the nuns .
The government " s use of galaxy , says Petertrade , suggests that the government " s use of rubber or marine oil has never been used .
He used the hypnotism of pharmaceutical hypnotism to extract the explosion of the jewelry , Peter " s strategy , to make it known that if they were allowed to buy or sell oil , this would be enough .
Mr. Nube believed that this would lead to a higher level , but it was the only way that the country could solve the problem .
Alejor took the government " s fuel to the ground in the country , and in the future , there would be plenty of oil .
Aleube claims that the government " s measuring oil was that the six-month-long [ 20 million million L ] [ 5 million L ] of petroleum oil was sold in this year , but it has been sold just six million gallons [ 30 million L ] .
He was asked how to repair the oil down , and he wrote to those who had smoked the flames , Gloria Magombo , and said that the problem was not the case with those who had to put their dwes in the country .
He also shows that the problem is being tried , not just to ring out .
Ms. Magombo is pointing out that a rugged rubber would be purchased by the director of the CentralBank , John Mangudya , who declared it to be an automobile that your truck " s mouth would not allow it to go to COVID-19 .
Ms. Magombo pointed out that he could not fully explain the timetable when Mr. Mangudya told the last month that he had hoped to go to the end of the month to express the matter as it had been said .
In this case , the law-enforcement has been issued in an effort to ensure that many of the victims of the fire-resistant explosion have been used to reduce the risk of their jobs .
The cyclone said that they were thinking that the oil-down oil was getting bottled in the country .
On this Saturday , the Zimbabues celebrated their three-day festivals of separating the white man " s messages and their black-
These Africans hoped that one day they would be able to share in the Holocaust
But forty-five years , things have worsened than those of the young , even caring for their family
They do not even know what they are doing or what the future holds for them
Almost nonexistence is worse than the nation " s curiosity
Prepare those who are doing the work regularly to roam their highways
The 17th-century civilization Emmerson Mnanagagwa , which has been sent to 2017 , has led to the civilization of Robert Mugabe
However , some of them do not deliberately say that things were getting out of their hands
The ZanuPF political party has given this country for four decades
The Zanu Magazine " s Strategic Inquisition says that Regis is a multinational party that has authorized blacks to be part of their political movements or to become a political party .
Alejor C Animbira said that the team had completed a study of the museum and that those who had no alcoholic beverages had to be found in the
But Timothy Muringai , the violin of the MDC-TT political party , failed to keep his promise .
For many years they say nothing has been ruined in jewelry , fishing , and so many people live in homes
The Attorney Ntabazinduna Nhlanhlayamangweni , or Lord Felix Ndiweni , took the High for 18 years to advance their conversion to the Inquisition
Ishe and some 23 others are dragging the walls of Feti Mbele , who want to leave the province of Ntabazinduna
This is the reason for the mobing of Mbele " s wife , whose maidservant was mailed .
Lord " s Legal scholar , Dumisani Dube , told the 7thop that the judges do not respect the kings of the razors and quiversite to carry the load
The famous scientist Thomas Mukanya Mapfumo is expecting a song to be sung in this month when their gardens are destroyed
This work in the country of Eugene , Oregon , of the Americas , called the Trakdown Studios. Dr. Mapfumo , told Studio 7 that there are only 15 psalms that he has created
Haechch had decreed that Heal Zimbabue " s president , Rashid Mahiya , had a daughter-to-door home
Mahiya , who is in prison , is on the horizon to remove this , but high officials are willing to complete their paperwork
The director of the Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights , Tondera Bhatasara , told Studio 7 that the trip took Mahiya documents along with the cost of $ 1,000
" The trial had been broken , since we were watching it to stop him . Bhatasara told VOA " Studio 7
Mahiya is among those who were dragged off to take steps to disfellowship the government
When he was speaking to the Zimbabwe MedicalAssociate , Sahirisa , he said that he had obtained a letter from a doctor who was wearing him to locate a pharmacy
hirisa , a health-care professional , said that the straike has increased the number of jobs for adolescences
hrirsa says that in order to improve the work , teenagers needed to work
Alehirisa was speaking to people who were about to get medical care in the hospital because of some 533 professionals who refused to work
The author of Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctors Associateiation , Mthabisi Anele Bhebhe , says that nerves do not agree with a national jaguin " s dadathstantino owenga that the jackets are on the school
The powenga , who spoke those words , took the position of chatting with the government for the sake of the house-to-house security guards and the local guards
Many of their footsteps have been criticized , while armed with soldiers
Small doctors say that the government has to give them their utensils and selves to work while working .
But the government also demanded that they be able to do what they were
The pilot , who is caring for the stamps , was able to readjust the head of the ship , who went to bed in the cassava on the corpse
Labor took the government " s catching over the band
Dougololtart , law professor of Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctor " s associating in Labor to point out that no good documents have come from the Health Services Board , HSBB
The prosecutor ordered the HSB " s attorneys to work on the missing paper
But the doctors insist on going to the court to do something that would bring them back to work
On the day of the Masiba Ndoro , the Emergency said that she needed to move on a daily basis
The little doctors went to the 3 straeke promise to work with weapons
Patriarchs in Zimbabwe Senior Hospital Doctors " as well went to the straeke Thursada , who also had no wages and no later stutterings
The medical professionals who wrote to them were saying that it is a life-threatening pharmace
The doctors also advocated the government as 60% of the wages and misunderstandings
At the same time , two professionals have been removed from the University of Zimbabwe and have reinstated the straekis
Dr. Bothwell Mbuvayesango has also been hailed in a series of perfectdia chaptersc research
Dr. Mbuvayesanguo gained his reputation for being softened in 2014 that Dr. Mbuvayesanguo was near at the corn .
Zimbabweionof Doctors for Human Rights has spoken against Dr. Mbuvayesangano
We cannot stop the University of Zimbabwe or the government from treating nursing
But the health-care press , the Health Minister Obadiah Moyo , suggests that doctors do not return to work
Moyo said that the government was blaming the outcome of the court and that it would be a sign of the government " s failure
Patients heard the 3-person retreat because they refused to go to work
The government and the host trade have returned to India and the jacket
The Viquitorianisulting alignment of the Vinston athletes , Winston arrogant government , is to be a rumor of the country " s war
Zimbabwe was beating for 25 million tons of cassava , but she was watching 3 million tours
He also said that India is the best-seller for the year
At the same time , the Zimbabwean Emerson Mnanagwa said that Zimbabweans cannot benefit fully from the relationship between the two countries
The 7th Studio has been unable to find that company with the Vitrotoria oonsulting , and its supervisor is overseeing the work
But the minister " s bedroom at the next tower , Gifthimanike , shows that he does not know why the Zimbabweans should be aware of those who are partaking of the war
The same message was preached by the Malaria , also by the Malaria
Alejandh also claimed that he and other nations should be treated with a good relationship
The coverage of Meerase indicates that there were 29 different types of fighting between father and father
Two Hwange aolliery and Mountain Resour testimonies , and they immigrate to a large extent
The three members of the MDC-TT political party under Nelson are confined to Harare Fiada , and they are released on $ 1,000 toili
Similar coordinators ,ellor Bian , claim that these two coordinators Tendai Biti and Ms. Lynett Karen Cornett , their Ms. Gladys H. Gladywayochemist and Pharisee , as well as the Poli
These men are commanded to pay $1,000 per person " s $1,000 for the house of Morgan Tsvangirai
Ms Made said that the passengers would return to 24 kitawons [ 24 ha ] , using the invitation they received in thepolis to listen to them .
When 7 of their Studio was addressed to the judgment , one of the almeterians , one of the strings of the Elemetery , said that he was obliged to attack the people for their use and research .
Alejandde rope also noted that although three people were dragged against the krimin truck , the passengers went back to this morning , returning them to the local polipolis for breaking the law of 19ovid
The six drivers have also spoken about the way the courts are using these people
Ale MuChade strategies also show that the victims are unable to protect them and that they are not able to reach the railroads in the prison camp
The director of the Governing Body , Nelson , has said that he will continue to fight to change the country regardless of the number of passengers
Ms. grant the right to agree with the political leadership , Womberaishe Nhende , in the hospital , to stay in the hospital
Alejandn noise , which has been said to be wounded during the day , is in the hospital
In another case , Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights claims that he was strayed on a $ 300-positive hypnotism of national jewelry Emmerson Mnangagwa
This plant , Shungudzemoyo Fahrenheit , will be at home without
Healing and Delivere (PHistries), Walter Magaya , also quoted in Zimbabwe , is saying that he is using the Agumatorian Antibiotics that help ARVAIDS , beforehand .
Speaking with Studio 7 , he said that his prayer was completed at night in Francistown, Botswana , Ale [ M Father ] , saying that he would have to live with his measures , which was being done to the polishers in Obubuo 2018 , saying that he had PROVIEW TO
Aleject HIV-positive VIEW , A. Magawa pays $700
But this was not the Ale [ Magaya , who said to Studio 7 that he was working with a company that he did not want to call on their names , and he was exposed to the HIVAIDS
Alejya said that HIV ORAIDS is a problem for the blacks so that all nations are obliged to work and get a cure for their
Alejandh Magawa is ready to work with other countries , recognizing that Zimbabwe has not yet been able to control her illness .
On the contrary , the seriess of Magaya in Zimbabwe , Aretha Medial companyno , have found that they were not registered in the Mediinesstroontrol Authority of Zimbabwe , and thus , Health Professions Authority has not authorized them to seek the Administration or therapy
The doctor in Francistown, Sengaphi Khuzwayo, viewed Magaya out of curiosity
Alejya , first in the country , did not shrink back to the time when a woman had been raped , but she was dismissed .
In the hospital , as in a firearm to the Hospital , there are nonexistences that have been reduced to the risk of
Ms. Lisa Sibanda is a tired woman with postpartum depression
Ms. Sibanda said that her youngest son had died in his belly while Benada was born but that there was no doctor who would help her to kill her baby
Ms. Sibanda said that her greatest problem was washing the edge of her soervix with a debilitating illness
Ms. Sibanda said that they are on the way to the water crisis , so they are able to go to the hospital " s place
Erasmus Zindoga , who brought his wife to Kariba , insisted that he have no help but that what he has seen has not yet planned to care for his wife
Zindoga said that Kariba had already been moved to the 250-mile [ 250-minute fire ] of the hospital
We have not heard the number of women who are going to be in the tribulation in the lurking hospital , such as Kariba, Hurungwe, Karoi , Makonde and Zwimba
The director of the Mashonaland West , Tapiwa Dhliwayo , said that doctors do not go to work anywhere in the community
On the contrary , he also said that women should be treated with abortions , such as in the fire hospital .
Arthritis CityCouncil spokesman , Tihao Mlauzi , quoted the following week , said that the number of those there was 120,000 torrents of water in the fall of the three ounces [ 20,000 sq m ] .
Foreign Zimbabwe , Kansaof Zimbabwe orders the public to be free and to investigate the subject of the disease
More than 5,000 people each year see some of the first skulls in Zimbabwe and most of them experience the risk of diatriste
The city " s mapaninno, unior Mavhu , has the idea of looking for women and men to see how they can help them
It has been said that the majority of people are in this land , especially in their males
One of Kansa " s earliests is ordering all her men to participate in the first phase of the project , hoping to have a recipe for the month of Ahinime in Ahinime , and to take up the world " s preocupation
The world is looking forward to the time when this month will be built and the way to protect them
Ms. Mavhu thinks that we do not take a look at everybody every day in order to cope with this illness and to keep the matter straight .
Zimbabwe celebrates the two-day celebration of this Saturday with a three-story shop in Harare when some people came up to bed and explained their refusal to accept the invitation of 2018
This death took place in all parts of the world throughout the marginal manuscripts and was watching for the rugged coverage of the Zanu Pfni , Emmerson Mnangagwe , which was made by Robert Mugabe .
Mnangagwe was fighting against Nelson , a quarter of the former MD .
After the excavations , the government heard the electronic movement , and the South African nationalist and manpanindada Kgalema Motlanthe .
These jurisdictions of the officers and the nuns claimed to be aggressive and that these people had to be punished for attacking the family of those who had been harassed .
Alejum Motlanthe " s administrators also argued that the government does not permit those who are sent to school and that it does not allow polite and military personnel to keep the law in their hands
Human rights claim that the government has not accustomed to shouting about the Motlanthe " s
But the government of Moni Mutsvangwa says that all the other electronic organizations are planning to do so
According to the U.S. chairman , the Mnangagwe government has said that the information would be used .
Madhuku said that the government had been warned to watch and do nothing for them because the country " s troops killed them
The Human rights expert and Human Rights Wankoh " s regional Directors for North Africa , Dewa Mavhinga , also said that the government has not yet planned to do so .
For two years , Mavhinga said that these words had come true , but they did not go to a military command .
In many places , the excavations were removed , as the public square, Emmerson Mnangagwe and the Imperson Mnangagweweweweweweweweweweweweighters , and the law-enforcement of the whole country for the day of preparation of all the work .
Mnangagwe arrived at the University of Pari in the morning with her coordinator of the hospital
Speaking at the conclusion of the reconstruction , Air Mnangagwe said that this program was effective and beneficial to people " s lives
He said that he was doing this to remind people that this is what they should do
Alejur Mnangagwe also said that people don " t know how to stop and learn from other countries , such as Rwanda , where nests and garbages are no longer used for their feet
Administrator , Kirsty , coordinator , and coordinator of the Automobile Center and SuM Supermarket staff of Simon Muzea , headed toward Africa " s Unity Square , swept along with Meikles Hotel and TM Supermarket
He said that they were being swept away when they saw them sweeping
Workers in Zimbabwe " s Newspapers also live on latrines and rubber systems and on garbage rubber plants
Zimpapers spokesman Tonhodzayi told Studio 7 that the same region of that region of the government " s efficiency in government service
He said that all the workers in the country were willing to take part in the country " s cleaning work
The captain of Harare , Hebert Gomba , siti rings and pensilers , also threw them into the weeds
While talking to Studio 7 , the Matena , also in Highfield, Gomba , claims that the most popular people were willing to accept the task
He also said that the cities needed to keep in touch with the rest , so the group continues to announce the honor of the cities
Alenangagwa signed the date , showing that each Friday has its first month to help them honor themselves .
The economy maneuver , who pressured his money to use the country " s business to help him immigrate to the country " s
In Harare " s modern-day counterpart , he heard his secretary , George Guvamatanga , saying that a
Guvanmatanga also said that the government was doing so because of the lack of money
They asked how to stole the banks of the economy . The director of
Totaliste of the Labor and Emergency Development Resean Institute of Zimbabwe , Hygiene , said that the government could economy unless the country had put his money into the country " s office and especially in the matters of politics
Alejandh also said that if they build up those who change money , these things could not be resolved just to be done , they would be free of the shortcomings
The minister believed that the money to fill the need for physical gain also depended on the irregularity of the
The Magazine Mthulibe also told the exhibiters that they were so enthusiastic that he had moved to the country " s economy .
Nevertheless , the financial community in Tendai Biti , a member of the three-part Malta , claims that the economy is worsening by the bank of the Reserve Bank for Zimbabwe
Alejandri , a member of the law-enforcement Programme , said that the banke does not have a law on the country " s purple as to prevent the economy from destroying the economy and government officials
However , he was saying that the country " s ripening money would be a bit of time before the church church church church
He did not procrastinate Rise Kagona " s symptoms and cyberattacks , who worked with Biggie Tembo .
The feet of the legs are saying that the gospel would not have happened
A professional professional who knows what is happening at the hospital testified that the young women died shortly after their birth at night
7 Studio was also unable to listen to the hospital staff
Ms. Presidentihihwiti said that his father , Alej , Langton , also died while he was not watching after Wednesday , who took him from Harare to the Hospital .
Mathildahimbi , a member of the Banquet , took away his brother who died without any help , said that he and his brother had invited him to come to the bedroom where he had no help at all
Ms.himbe claims that those who die at the hospital do not care for their hygiene
More than 16,000 police officers at government hospitals go to straki for wages
The government covenant did not endorse all the proselytists to reexamine the
On the contrary , the number of people getting toOVID 19 is rising up to the fact that some of them have been placed on tablets , such as maseke
Now it is clear that the public is spreading the disease in the country , in trucks , and in banks that have been crowded down by people
On the other hand , 7 Studio has seen a number of people who are not wearing metal while in Harare
A Harare , Paul Maaira , without charge , said that he sometimes forgot to wear
Studio 7 asked if he knew that he was suffering from the disease ofOVID 19D or near the end of his life .
But he said that while he knew that he needed personal freedom , the information about humans is a powerful aid for people " s migration
Simon Zhou , also waiting for the truck , told Mt Pleasant Heights that they had been standing at the same site for about ten o " clock
He said that they did not look at the people " s physical condition and that they had been snatched as if you were climbing the ZUPCO truck in the country .
Dr. Henry Madzorera, Dr. Henry Madzorera , a Pharisee in the Apocalypse , on the day of the Alliancene Synagogue , who manages to protect themselves while
Dr. also pressured the teman to wear a house at the time of the
John Mangwiro told Studio 7 of the blast to teach people about the disease and to care for the common people " s blood testing that they had no cures that had helped them to
At a meeting , he said that at a convention , he told us how the OVID is approaching his political heritage , Emmerson Mnangagwa , to be a religious citizen .
JOHN 19D alone in Zimbabwe , about 12 million people in all countries are infected with 88,212 , and here in Zimbabwe
Dr. Peter Magombe of Harare has been shown by doctors who are working at the Public Security and by some who have opposed the Mpilontean Hostpial of Bulwayo .
In addition to the United Bulawayo hospital , Mpilo " s clinic has been shown in a non-Witness hospital for Dr. Magombeyi in Harare .
Ngongoma said that they are advocating fear and fear .
Billululu-Natal polite spokesman Thmbeka Mbele said that Plesslaiser apoliiser was looking for the two dead
Nobody is snatched
Parents are harassing and missing school
Parents are batting this scenario in the Puti High Schoola in Mangweni , Umtshezi
Well , we have learned that parents speak in terms of things that are not conducive to the child " s school
It is said that the procrastination has hit the classroom and that there is no water and light
In Langalibale Muniipality , Sifiso Mdakane , the town was talking about the book " s baptism because of not having to build the classroom .
They studied in a regular room where education was built
The city does not like that
The city " s kaunsila, Nkosingiphile Mever , said that in 2010 the massive buildings were built , and the people were promised to build the school for those today who would not be .
The disciples sitting in the classroom " s bedroom is not the same as the day of the day , without having to drink it
He said that at the end of the purot , a researcher promised that people would come out of curiosity
The newspaper Muzi Mahlambi , a spokesman for KwaZulu-Natal , said that the region was being called a rugged and resolved
A couple are drunk for stealing
The Apolis are looking for those who were married for a reason at Shayamoy in Mpumuza , which does not rule in Pietermaritzburg , by thinking that they had been stealing .
It is thought that public stones Londeka Mvelase and the Mxolisi " s Forest .
This couple stay in the bond
They think that some of R2 500 stolen money and also believe that they have been robbing some of their victims .
The ultimatum shows that even when he is snatching him , they are still getting drunk
Both men and women were present at the time of their drunkenness
The city " s kaunsila , stopped Zondo to see what happened
Speaking to Solezwe , he said that their bananas were designed to steal and that they did not have to be drunk
I have returned to my city
We do not know that bad news is happening in the region , but it does not mean that you are obliged to do what you want .
The proselytizing of the criminal is to be known as the Politics
What I heard was that a man took something out of a shop
In the meantime , there has been peace of mind
The man " s machines are here , and the woman is here
I was still looking for his family to meet them tomorrow and to reason with them .
Cardinals of the WipolinNqobile Gwala said that the two pilgrims were looking for them
They do their best to get to know the family of those who had been harassed but not to correct their meats
The Guptas pay for some banks
AfricaN NEWS Agency (American U.S.A.) claims that R49 million coins have been used by Shadow World paninPaul Edward Holden .
This was rebuked by the executives Raymond Zondo on the day of
He showed that the money he found was R49,157,323, 233 .
It is commonly put in another unto .
Holden said this when witnessing was being done to save money and to remove machinery .
Holden asked questions from the Mathew a hundred-foot-secree
Holden says the young manager that the rope " s sphere is based on the latest debates about how to pay money in the Gupta skull .
He said that Guptas steal million R287 million from Estina Dairy Farm Prroject
They think that this arrangement is a means to help farmers in Firii
According to Holden , Guptas set off for a year before even Estina " s program began
That steiti government began to embark on the Estima " s program , 2011 , but Guptas set out to steal money in the Convent , 2011 .
Estina " s work was stolen money even before the program began
Significantly , the government paid R287 million to the Gupta family and put the money into the mountoes , making it appear to have benefited R880 million in 2012 and 2016
The Badwatuo continues
A movie that shows everything about the death of the bride
An important movie appears to indicate that Lindani Myeni was in Hawaii , USA.
The movie is like the basket from the house in Honolu , which seems to be long-standing , and he is walking between those who think that they are married
It has been as if he went to a church near his home .
The shoe and pairs are at the edge of the church and robb the two men
It shows that the bride " s husband was finally found out of the house and that he was about to forgive the couple .
At the same time , a mother appeared to the 911 accommodations
The mother told the nun that her husband was in the house and that she was going to the house .
The result was an indication that he had nothing to do in the house
Some have thought that he is using these words to overturn the obscene jest
Bikerton , a sample , ordered that the movie be brought to nothing
He also ordered high officials to use the entire 911 calls on that day to spy out .
The conversation between Bikerton and A. William Denselow revealed that the bride " s absence of the house was irritated .
Bakerton said that his last statement of a leaven
The opening opening image , the groom , asked the prosecutor , who was shot and shot at the hospital .
He said that they did not know that Ieni was indifferent and that the polite had something to eat , but they met the textbook , put it in front of them .
Bikerson offered to search for the truth to find out what it was going to happen .
In IFP , Melmoth is supposed to have a witchcraft .
Among the IFP formersel authorities , three people were shot at the Thulethu (Melmoth Laziah in the afternoon .
The judges are said to have prevented the crowd from going to the meeting place .
Some countries accused the political leaders of trying to force them when requesting a copy of the IFP pensela to return .
IFP executives called this meeting in the suburbs of the King Heetshwayo to prepare a long-term message for the area . He did not understand that the removal of the first drums was being returned to the grave of Boiyela .
One of the public organizations who did not want his name to be shattered at the time of their guns , hit IFP officers and formerseles , accused of a gunman to shoot them as they could do so .
THROUGH we are teaching them on the street , we were not allowed to attend the meeting because the people were away from the streets .
The chairman , who was planning to attend the convention , gave protection from the local authorities and former formersels to shoot a gun and gunman .
IFPP " s leader in Mthonane , who did not want his name to go outside , said that he had been a longtime member of the Public Society .
PROBLEMS TIME TIMES
The formerseles and the IFP district of IFP are all organized to send them out in the wheelchair .
The spider " s use of raids took place during the time of the international convention , and the security officers were attacked and burned at stones .
He noted that some of the people were also oppressed .
All the newly released Mbangise Biyela , along with the backing of Phumlanibela and penseles in the capital city of Mthonane , came to this convention .
They tried to hear the leadership of the district , and they did not .
The spokesman , Thami Shangase , said that he was not the manager of the convention , and he added that everything was in the hands of the public .
The IFPP spokesman for the whole country , Mkhuleko Hlengwa , said that the political party will be a threat to the problem today .
Basabasa took time to appear in Bisela and at least four other sites , thus allowing the people to share the feelings and IFP compulsion of the IFP cult .
LaZululu-Natal police spokesman , Dr. Thembeka Mbele , asserted that Melmoth apolis were doing research on the rifle and violence of the gun .
Mbete claims that there is no blunder on the subject of corruption .
The tiger of the Lawbaclea , Baleka Mbethe , has been thrown down .
Mbete " s response to a banana that has been confused with some of the law-enforcement charges , asserted that every man and his physicist and his physics were a news news , since there are no buildings .
He even mentioned a piece of armor that he named Zuma triangle and set an example for him to receive a document that was difficult but that he knew from him
I knew that some of those who witnessed here were familiar with the arrangement
I know that speaker is here and has said that they cannot tell what he has heard
I " ll talk about the gun " s message (from a day)
At the bottom of my office
The contents are powerful but not dictators
I couldn " t use a book that I did not know to get to the booth
My problem was what he wrote , that person came to me and understood me
Mbete said that this was what I was trying to defend myself without permission to talk to this
During the two-and-a-half-a-half-month year , he was asked why he was involved in the Gupta family
I do not celebrate the memorial , but I know that it relates to the custom that took place in the Gupta family
I think it would not be until those words were not explicit and that we could not read them .
Consider what they will say about the world he has created for you
Ms. Methe continued to receive the information and to understand how to do our work
FEWS were accused of the dead student
NSFAS was being accused of a student who died on Saturday at Durban Tvet aollege in Manor " s home .
Sixteen-year-old Yonwa Moreanya , who has died , is a graduate of the Elecologists Infrastruture aonstruction and is the owner of her household because of the utensils she has
For this reason , he was sent to the area for two days because he did not have anywhere to go to Monday
The Wednesada was reported to have been poor
His friends told him that he had to go for a while
Symptoms indicate that the Thirteen died on Saturdays at a lodge with a friend in Durban North
One of the closest disciples charged that the NSFAS was being accused of saving for money
I forget that they could have prevented the death
The student said that I would like NSFAS because I would see him in the midst of this snake , we would often hear these words
The killer , whom we could not go , insisted that the problem could stop them from talking to him
Lazulu-Natal police officers Nqobile Gwala have asked for anything
Asherville ,ampus , had a problem of economic problems , about half a million disciples stood on the back doors of the school
The disciples told Isolezwe that they had been accommodated because they had been trapped because of lack of money
A large number of disciples who set out for sleep and from Gauteng, Eastern oape and Mpumalanga
Alejando S. Siyabonga Sambu , from Ermelo , Mpumalanga , a disciple of kniommunity Safety , and NSFAS testified that when confronted with the economy , the
Throughout the month , the average person was earning all the money
There is no money to buy food
Those desiring a job were given a small amount of money
Sambu shows that there is nothing in the area and that we have been called a government agent
Zodwa Mabanga , a member of Johannesburg , confirms that it is true because he too has been disfellowshipped
Dr. Mthabisi Bhebhe , secretary-general of Mpilo Hospital Doctorsiona , claims that supervision is acceptable and that he might have found Dr. Magombe soon and wanted to care for it
Dr. Tawanda , who also claims to work with Dr. Magombeyi , shows that many doctors are now fearful and that the Dr. Magombetes will not be allowed to have a job and that he will have all the work to be paid
Archaeologists allow Mpilo Hospital, Leonard Mabandi to show that the doctors will soon be able to resume their work
Walter also shows that there are many patients who are not treated
Both Dr. Magombeyi " s doctors were arrested and sent to strike. Night doctors to the strike , claiming that they would not receive the ring for work
The government claims to impose the law of the doctors " s strike but also to deny that the government does not have the legal right to do so
The Kentucky lines have been numbered in the 74-year-old Muhammad Ali
Among other things , the US manpanin da dada Bill Billlinton, and a headache , such as George Foreman, Mike Tyson and Lenox Lewis and Will Smith
The country jacket Obama also traveled to a Zimbabwean in Kentucky Patricia Chikanga , who said that the nation could do something good about the heads of death
Patricia Chikanga told Studio 7 that it was in the state " s place to wear the eyes of those taking the lead in the country , and many people are about to leave Ali
The Zimbabwe Council of Churches (ZCC) claims that they have been affected by what is happening in the state of Matabeleland and Matabeleland North and Bulawayo , the province of Tobawayo for the police officers working in the church " s office
The ZCC is packed to send forests and cosmetics in the three circuits
ZCCC wrote archaeologist Pr. Dr. Kenneth Mta and presented Studio 7 as a symptom of their
He shows that he has been expressing these words in pain
He claims that governmental politics and support the hungry
Dr. Mta claims that the government will be on the move so that they too can help in the house-to-house work and continue
Since 2007 and 2008 , Zimbabwe " s love oflarity is on the decline
Alternate between $32 and $ 40
Many plants , patrols , and gasolines have become hardened by some to say that we now live in the same country
At the end of the drought , the jacket Emmerson Mnangagwa proclaimed that no nation could live on their money
A Nelson-person-generation agency has also claimed that the country " s income is not enough
Nevertheless , economist Prof. Gift refugeeo shows that it is not a political ideology
The astrophy of Zimbabwe " s Retailers architect Denford Matashu has also discovered how economy has gone to medicine
Zimbabwe " s National chamber of insomnia , hris Mugaga , has also said that it has to be confined to indulgences and how to improve the quality of the love of thelar
But Prof. Mugano has shown that even the government does not want to accept the country " s love oflarity
The QUALITIES " PROBLEMS
A budget also shows that Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe , RBZ , was planning to produce funds to help the nation cope with his feet
But the RBZtenani Dr John Mangudya claims that all of them are figs
From the year 2019 , Zimbabwe began to use Amrika " s lovelar , but they have stopped using their own love oflar in the following year
Zimbabwe " s Vulnerability Assessment Committee , zimvavak , thinks that nineteen-thirds of Zimbabwe " s population will be trapped in the Kitawo month of the year of
But only one-third of the past month needed food in the village
The only other high places are Matabeland North, Masvingo and Midlands
The supervisor " s supervisor , Fewsnet , has suggested that those in the large city need food just because the economy is worsening
Those with starvation are the most likely to be affected by the syklone synchronization
Breast-Greezu , an architect , claims that World Vision is feeding the World Vision because they are associated with the Red Riross cult
But the number of those who were not registered in the company is starving .
Populations of Gweru have shown fear of COVID-19 because of the rubber in the city
About a hundred people in the Home have left Gwetu " s Physician
About thirty-five others have left the Mkoba teachers on the edge of cholegation
These people in Zimbabwe who are cared for by South Africa and Botswana
The Mangwana , a specialist in the media , wrote that only the Physical Imperfect can roam through the Gwetu Pestinink
Ms. Enita Nyati took the lead in Studio 7 to fear that the cassava of the  19-19 will be the tumor of the protective women
But the Hsha Massade also indicates that such coordinators as Zimbabweans or care for their own family and alcoholic beverages
Apart from the disease , it is said , these coordinators are more likely to be involved in unlawful acts of law-abiding concern for the seriousness of suicide
These two academics have shown that the Midland government of the Midland had to be required to allow Studio to be present
The Midlands delegate Larry Mavima and the Dr. M general have heard their feelings , but we went to talk with him and explained that he was at a meeting
Some experts in South Africa and Botswana claim that the time they were in wastegrated with a migration that the vines might have been able to locate them quickly
Gwerur osiah Makombe put before VOA Studio 7 of the women " s zoos to keep some of the vis
He ordered the public not to be afraid but to keep the road systems off and to care for those who had the vines
People " s Democratic Party architect Luzia Matibenga , who lives in Gweru , claims that it is the government " s policy to protect the entire population
The Vines do not answer those in Midlands , but the scene in the towns around them fears that the vines will come upon them
The Wednes and the doctors who visited the strike first met when they went to the strike for the first year
Some of the doctors also went to the strike Wednesday , and many people are losing their lives because of going to strike
Manpanin Emmerson Mnangagwa has come to Benada to join the Prof. oonstantino owenga in the search for a strike
Dr. Mangwana , a spokesman for the national jacket Mnangagwa , claims that the national jaws are going to make the way out .
The Tuada Ale.hiwenga ordered that all the doctors go to work
The directors of Zimbabwe " s Medicalassociation have asked the government for eight-hour strikes to take care of the government for eight-hour strike
The manager of Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctorsionano , Dr Elias Muzoremba , held an assembly to listen to doctors " comments
The latest pharmaceutical rite was that the doctors told the country jacket that it was the Health Services Board and treated them with hypnotism
The experts say that the government wants to use the US loved RTGS
Each month , these doctors demand $ 329 , but that money comes in RTGS
But the economy in Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University , Prof. Gift Mugano de Studio , was not able to pay all that money
We asked Dr. Mugano how it turned out to be soccer that money was obtained in the US lovelars and that it
Alejai Rusike , an archaeologist at the edge of the book Working Group on Health , proposed Studio that the country jacket would need to pay more money in the purse
Some of the people are saying that the Health Insurance aards are not the norm whenever they are ready to take US lovelar to come or stay home
The Warriors national alball team is on South Africa to compete in the oosafa tournament
On this Saturday , the team has two pairs of booths and the African nup of the Nations , with a victory in the booth .
The nun is being prepared for the Breast of Zimbabwe to receive the cup of rent for the sixth year
To compete for economic reasons , Zimbabwe " s luggage in the Brethren of the Warriors declared that the heels and the way to wear the team " s kena
The ohidzambwa is looking forward to accepting the cup again for a cup of loaf and the cup of the jar while the program was signed in a year
hidzambwa accepted the booth " s cup in 20039,2017 and 2018
Zimbabwe attacked a group of lobbyers , such as Tendai Darikwa , Admiral Muskwe , and Alectrician
This year Zimbabwe " s soccer Project is the large-scale team in the Brome because of the luggage of such luggages as Knowledge Musona and Marvelous Nakamba
Shingirai Miti , a member of the team for Warriors , claims that there is no rivalry for the use of the cup in Zimbabwe at any time
The Zimbabweans are eager to win the first battle against the Egyptians in the Tree because of the cup of
Archaeologist Ronald Pfumbidzai claims that they are going to go to Egypt to eat the
Zimbabwe and Egypt , Democratic RePublic of aongo and Uganda , in the Group of the Wellington Mpandare , looking forward to being out of that group
If the contemporary circumstance ended the hypnotism of the rivalry in Nigeria to the Brethren of Egypt
Most professionals do not think that roasting is a time when they are united with their family and friends , but this year , while others were meeting with their family in Egypt in the contest of the Champions League
This was the third of Platinum " s synods , who conquered the Sudan Al Hilal and defeated Tunisia Etoile dusahel
For example , the two-year-old cousins of the Maweswekas United and Doling Defense , who are in front of the world " s catastrophes and cosmetics of the Malllasians , and the two-year-olds of the Mallbai Surgean Surveys Skissssss
According to the Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZNA), the government does not expect those to go to strike
The Emmunal says that they want the government to pay for teachers in the US love
Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZ to ivil Service , the Public Service Commission and Ministry of Finands , introduced the government " s rites
Unlike the Studio7 government of this matter , Moni Mustsvangwa , a ritesman
ARTUZ panin Obert Masaraure claims that these people have a moral code that they have but that they are not .
The Masarure claims that the government is not trying to think about the economy , but it has to fight against corruption and corruption in the country " s economy
The Masarure claims that the government is destroying money on the floor when it would have been possible to rifle the rifle of
The Masarure , for example , is that one of the problems that may be solved in the country but that the country " s prosecutor cannot control the economy and fail to see the need for planning to solve the problem
Politicians are struggling to obtain passports in the country
In this way , the government ordered Registrar-General to order the Zimbabweans to pay $ million
Kazembe Kazembe , a peacemaker and the secretaries , reprimanded them for their passports as well as for those in the local panels
He claims that he will take care of the chemistry in the government , a government that needs to be closed in order to obtain the documents immediately
Some , though , do not see that this is an increase in the government " s explosion of the hundreds of thousands of tons of
In RTGS , a farmer " s passport in the country pays $ $
And if they wanted the passport on the same day , they paid $
The head of the head of the law-enforcement Programme , Kindness Paradza , claims that the cittii " s vocabulary is supported and that will help the chemist " s misunderstandings in the country
Paradza claims that people in general are beating their family and friends who have paid so much money to do the passport
Iriad Eumba , a Zimbabweian , has said that when she met the famous player Neymar to pick up the pictures with her
Neymar was in Sao Paulo in Brazil , and Neymar lies in Silva Santo únior
Neymar played her shop now for the Spanish soccer Barcelona of Lionel Messi , and she again promised to Brazil , who had celebrated the first coin in Olympitoes
Most people claim that the Maumba and the Neymar photo were put in Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vills and told Studio that he was being crossed while working in Ukutula aonservationnier , near Pretoria in South Africa
The Warriors " soccer team is preparing to compete and to care for the whole Zimbabweaning country
The Warriors are entering the Rufaro stadium in the athletic to believe that it has its history in Zimbabwe
The arrival of the Warriors and the Indomitable Lisses of Cameroon would mean that they could go to the Olympi Games in Rio deiro during the next year
The Warriors met in Yaounde three weeks earlier , but they would go to the World Heup if they won the victory
The Warriors are the three-and-a-half-year-old-five-a-half-year-old species of tournaments that have been able to
But the Warriors would have been reminded that their first team to complete the tournament " s
Zivanai Moroyiwa , a Warrior Federal , says that they are busy because the Warriors played soccer games for the public because it has not been able to do so thirty years ago
Tonderayi Matimura , a teacher in the United States , shows that when the two groups met two weeks earlier , he believed that Warriors would return victoriously
The Zimbabwe Footballionno " s Imperial Need for the public has arranged for all who would be interested in it
Andrew Rwodzi , a Sport official , says that many people would go to play at the stadium because of the arrangement for ZFA
Alejor Matimura has also said that she would go to the stadium because the lovelar is much lower than Zifa " s savings
Shadk Mlauzi , the team " s cotton , is carefully charged with the charges of Rudo Neshamba and Ruthendo Games in front of the public
At the same time , the Warrior team will meet Lesotho at Bourfields stadium in the African Nations Championshipe
The Team skirted the Kalisto Pasuwa alliance with three Hardlife Zvirekwi and Justice for their sexual perversion , but Muroyiyi has shown that Civilors , such as Lesotho.
The Warrior is looking forward to the two games they can win and move to the African Nations Championships finals , which have long been able to come to the tournament .
In Mighty Warriors , the public is the focus of their attention
Propagands of Harare and Taeans / Sesisisisiikile movements have joined Zimbabwe to the polite workers .
Some of this happened in the city of Norton , where the sellers did not roam the Katanga sales
Declaration / Sesisiikile movement spokesman for Harkomborero Haruzivishe , claiming that some of its polipolite owners are part of his company
Haruzivishe reported that while they were at a telescope , they were in the police station and were caring for those who had been beaten but who saw that it was only one person
The Harare CityCouncil spokesman Miael laments that they did not hear anything because they were not in the city when the event occurred
However , by means of rites , the government issued the Englishtter that many young people had been killed by the local polite
The government continued that some of the teenagers were developing a knife for building projects against those who did so
The public " s voice is like these words
The Zimbabwean city of Zimbabwe , located in South Africa for Zimbabwe , has declared that the hygiene of the Johannesburg streets in Zimbabwe has been
These women " s zoos are said to be the titire Hillbrow , while Yeoville and some of Zimbabwe " s neighbors are kidnappers and murderers
A spokesman for Zimbabwe " s South Africa " s city has suggested that his polite systems are being organized to investigate the subject
He said that the ecclesiastical was planning to get along with the polite for the last month and six times to try to solve this problem
It is said that the polipolitics would have come to the area at a time , but because they do not allow the criminal to try to find out what they
Alejor M. M.zi suggests that those who were known for this violation have the rights of the architectural and Zimbabwean women .
Those who have also spoken with Studio7 indicate that the polite and military presence of such women is used to transmit such ceremonies
The South Africans have also accused these nomads about theft , drug abuse , and immorality
Many people have said that two and nine thousand years will sign a major problem in the political and economic climate of the country
APPP legislator of the Dorna East , Paul " s Agricultural Stadium Bam Barimah has ordered the legislation to calculate the expenses of the John Mapann between two and three thousand and a half thousand and seven thousand years of age
To help all the Ghanaian and Ghanaians to see how much money has been spent on the day " s bedside , he said that this study would help him and all the Ghanaians to get to know all the money spent on the day of the countryside
I have asked that question , since I live in the commodity of the pendulum , John Mahama , and pardoned frtered .
There is no selfish desire
Alejrimah explained that no politics rarely follows the question
Therapy in the state of hygiene is the cost of a man " s rtered flights and the rotation of roasted meats , which can be avoided only if we are in the past .
Some leaders have such an aggressive behavior that they have planned to deal with a national jacket because I am not politically active
He added that I wanted to know the best way to handle these issues and that we can do better now to make sure that tomorrow will be a new government . That is why we could not
A Privilege
Foreign Affairs Affairs Committee architectlelele S. Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa also requested permission to inquire of the government for the sake of the reason of the national jacket Nana Addo Dankwah Adriah to France .
The National Democratic Congress official of North Tungu declared it embarrassing to be in Ghana in a well-arranged country , but when a railroad traveled to another ship , he
He said that in Ghana , GHS million meinu " s rights were irritated
Bono East statesman A. Lasi AduGyan has promoted the NPP and the NDC hierarchy to promote peace
He said I was boastful that the NPP and the NDC coordinators were being gathered to help the region to continue
Alejuana continued that peace helps to improve the situation in any region and that no peace in the region is difficult for them
The Inquisitors concluded with these words at the end of the Tyranny " s career
Among those who attended this program were the directors of the NPP and NDC , traditional authors , chairmans , coordinators , commuters , commuters , National Commission or Civic Education (the ivilie orisations).
The National Peace Council underscored this program by Commonwealth Secretariat and its contemporary Oriats against against Postion Postion Violence , and Building consensus for Greater Political Tolerance in Ghana
All the arguments are based on flavor and different types of software
Alejuana A.duGyan boasted that the Global peace Index Report had announced that it would be the peaceful news of Ghana and the second-generation of Abirem in the country of NP and NDC .
He added that this is a civilization that has helped the country in Ghana
He promised that Regional deoordinating " s Council (Rover) would ensure that this peace would continue forever
He spoke at Electoral Justicee , Alhai Suallah Abdallah Quandah , a prime minister of the state of Bono Peace Council , claiming that the political power of the Electoral Justice had been successful in the country
He explained that the Electoral Justice " s activity was not something new but that a nation would have to rotate in vocabulary and politics
Alhaji Quandah pointed out the need for each nation to obtain Electoral Justice to help make their vocabulary change
Physicist Samuel " s Atta advises the Ghanaians of Nana Addo " s governmental drought during the second and ten thousand years , with all the problems of the Ghanaian population .
He claims that the government of Nana Addo will make the economy feel better because they have developed a budget to
In the Western province of East Akim , the Jubilee-American Jubilee announced that a new era in Ghana would be razored in economic and economic conditions
He pointed out that he was willing to accept any tasks he had been assigned to do with Nana Addo
His offer included rice salt , salt , salt , coat , and rubber
Three brothers in the area where their mother sold wine in TarkwaNsuta have been found in the circuit of Tarkwa Face in the Ark State to die
Three of them died because of the generator " s ceilings
The Insurist George Spart of Tarkwa-Nsuta station declared that a three-population call was dead in a drinking area
He explains when he and his grandfather came down and brought the dead Abena Amos , Arabi Dadzi , 13, and Achazi , 7 , first to the city of Tarkwa , awaiting the custom of their death
He and the Starr addressed Emmanuel Ohene Gyan , Alejan , explaining that the dead were living with their mother and caring for the Golden CityKi buying in the province of Tarquia
He shows that their mother would be close to them when they helped their mother to work with him
Madam Dadzi tested the generator so that his children would have a flashlight on the next day .
The other beatings were being obtained by the minister of the Apolis for research on the subject
The Frankish for the National Democratic Congress (NDCner), John Mahama , a victorious man who attacked Menzgold chief of Nana Appiah Mensah , who knows that NAM had given the public the funds
Speaking in Tarkwa-Nobiem in the province of Alejor , Aleject Mahama , declared it to be a spice as the Adversary Addo , although the Administrator " s property was accommodated by the Administrator
He added that the NAMM " s unique defense of Aku Addo was the reason why the poliscores of the choirs are shattered by NAM-AM1 " s hypnotism
He promised that the Wicked Synagogue would be well-acquainted with the AM and his coordinators and that the people would be given money for them
The editor Ellen Asamoah , who lives in Menzgoldnin NAM , says that Isn Circuitto had been preaching for the first day of Ahinime in two and a half a million
The country had first accused NAM of the two-and-a-half millennium in Isn Circuitto
Polisi underscored the Sylvester " s Sylvester Asare " s offer of guidance to blame other people and the NAM " s forest
Among the hosts , ASP Asare asked him to call on him to listen to the instructions he had received on the subject
They asked for a special interest in the case and the prosecutor to prepare for the matter
He said that paying attention to the counsel and preparing the bananas for the right kind of action
But they went to the phonograph and asked for a different day to go and listen to them
THE bananas appeared on their way to the
Nircuit moved to NAM bail GHS billion
He said that he did not condemn the three-person charges against the government , which seems to have been altered and unsure of the charges
He also has to show himself to the public Wednes at ten o " clock
Among the first placards was manuscripts and laundering
Also , all the money they had received from a machine and cholesterol was GHS billion
Deceptive use of okada is becoming a problem
Police also claim that the number of stealing occurs , accidents , and unlawful rules are motorists
Innninye is no doubt that the number of okada " s compounds is raging and that there is a solution to the problem
More and more of us have ever been affected by this slanderous melody
One of the problems facing the nation is how to understand motor and okada
During the two and two thousand years , the law-abiding Road Traffi Situ Regulations , 2012 (L.I. 2180 ° C), managed to enforce the rules of regulation
The Law prohibited the use of okada and yourtor in the public unless it was used as a Person or delivery Services. Then DVLA was ordered not to allow your supervisor " s license to be used for public services
Okada and the father are in the midst of this country without consulting with the law-defining
In the countryside , okada and the father were taken to the porch , and the women " s zoos
Those in the big city take okada and the park in order to stay inffik
Because he is too much to counsel
The roasted rooster and okada are the same as the rugged rooster
Most people , however , do not want okada and his father because of their noise and expulsion
Diagnosed by okdates is a common sight
More companies , including the Ghana Medicalassociation National Road Safety Authority , have called for use of okada in the country
The country " s father-in-law has been
That is because it is not the law to revolt this drainage , it has become a luxury for many Ghanaians
For us here in Daily Graphic , we think that the country is no longer the law and that we look for the best ways to carry out this program
When you go to India , it is not uncommon for us to hear news , as though we were living in Ghana
So we can learn from India , which can be used to bring it into our sesteem .
It is to remind us that because of difficult work , they are slandered and stuttered as a job to support themselves and their family
In the meantime , okada and the park have become a problem and harassment , and we have Daily Graphic to think that our training and planning to keep the straw will help the nation to continue
The law that permits the work , the arrangement for caregivers to ensure that every accident occurs
The arrangement is designed to help the members of the Ghana Police " s Police kena to help roam the rubber and the park to carry the kno
Many of the Ghanaian population have become obsessed with this law because of its good and bad
Daily Graphic believes that if we want to be law-abiding and unwilling to come in our paths and roams , we are tempted to try our horns , and we do not expect these problems to happen at all or at all .
I don " t remember the day-to-day silence in Ghana as a rugged lodge in the garage .
We left his day when we were all on our way to a tree .
I have been in Ghana for two decades to see that what is happening in the study book of our country is contradictory .
Five million camels were responsible for planting the Grave and Agriculture to produce an excitement that had long been produced by a variety of plants .
In Ghana , there was one of the most important ways in which we needed to hear our eyes - the branch office that we called in Ghana .
Even the most important step of the roads , the old-fashioned classroom , the unseen hospital , or the latest health center , I am saying that even one of the most serious problems of all of us is the health problems of our hands , the loss of rain forests , and the rainbowls .
I did not look at the Bible study aids that students were learning at school , but I could say that Ghana was not like today in Ghana when I went to school .
We keep our speech on the overall forest , but the fact is that our hands are upright
We still talk about the help of the forest , but all of them are on their own .
Forests have become part of our speech , but they are not the same
Even what we thought was to be a forest without our hands , he was thrown into a hall by all the jewelry and gold .
Perhaps our loyalty
