When these six people were arrested, the prosecutor claims that six bullets and gold GH ¢1,292,180; what seems to be a mining mineral (whocks thought to be gold), the suspected gold-brown coin coin and the suspected mechanisms of a luxury.
A person suspected of being a burglar robe whispered on his arm, the police in the Kyebi of the Central Region.
Starr News’s hearing from Kyebi shows that a group of people from Anti Armed Robbery and Personnel who had been picked up from CIDID on suspect (sbenezer Gyimah), commonly referred to as petronomies on the May 2021, to be robbed in South and 2021
The Suspet was taken to Kyebi Zongo to investigate after the rugged auditorium was taken.
The next day, Musa Kamara, a Sixteen-year-old, was recruited by the police for her suicide at Kibi Zongo at the Hotel on the 20212121.
He attempted to pull the police to break his legs, thus preventing him from falling into a trap.
He was taken to the Kyebi government hospital where the police were protecting him.
These two suspects are among thieves who are harassing the residents of Kibi, Tam, Osiem, the Antasins, and the surrounding surroundings.
During the three-month period, there were at least ten thieveries that took place in these two cities.
On the sixth and twenty-five thousandth day of Honey (2021), a woman lost her life and was killed by thieves at the Auditorium Ettukrom and Bunso, from the Koforidua to Buwae Hawae (Hwaighway).
The last minute of this incident occurred, and the two species of suspect, Haruna Amadu (from 24-year-olds and Joseph Nyira (from twenty-five years).
Two illegal rifles were found, ¢257.00, a single academy of gi (bag), a group of three suspects, including those who had been robbed of their thieves, ceremonial ceremonials (accovery of thieves in their robbes and black ceremonies.
On the Thirteenth day, one person was shot in the same shade while robbers were racked on the Koforidua-American Village Roads in the Central Region.
It was created at about 4:30 that the robbers built the Barfuor High Roads near the Sor Weadnesday, where police stationed it.
According to one of thieves, about twenty-five were robbed of robbery and made money about ¢50,000.
The evening before the dining room (8:00 pm), burglar robbers robbed at the hotel and where the gasoline (the Tapetrotrol in the Village town of Abuse, on Wednesday, on Wednesday, on Wednesday, and on Wednesday, on Wednesday, the
They also took the excavators, which he was protecting the site, to whistle the walls. When thieves returned to the area, they were trapped.
No longer did any atoms occur.
The Apollos received the BB kateregyi (cartridges) without equals, one indigenous mineral network of ink (whot), and one of the most populaces in the area where this incident took place.
The robbers were trapped in the saluun (saloon), a black manager.
This robbery took place and took place just eight years earlier, on June 2, 20-year-old Nuhu Yashawa, to lose her life in the Akyessiem.
On Monday, Oforisuo, on the second and twenty-five thousandth day of the year, 2021, a 20-foot [ 2021 cm ] robbed of the 14 occupation of bars (7:20 psychiatrists and knife at Good Filling Station in Osisisisisisio.
The robbers have been robbed of their innocence. They think this amount was the money they received throughout the night.
The robbers also took the Motorola fone , a judge of Adamu Zakari , in that area for three decades (30)
The police took all kinds of kateregians in the area where this incident took place.
Rev. John Hem Fordour, a graduate of the academy of the Educational Director, is also a member of the Assin South Parliament for the teachers’s interest in the government.
According to him, it has been used in electronic ways to bring the teachers Welfare App to the mouth of the hundreds of
The deputy Minister of Education claims that even teachers are important to the government and that he promises to correct any problem involving teachers, their economies, and even their finances.
To cope with the problems teachers are facing, Rev. Fordour claims that they have sent kees (which has been sent to a dignitaries (which has been sent to each region to solve problems where teachers are going to recover.
Such app, the Minister of Education, Dr. Yaw Osei Adutwum, has been said to help solve the problem the problems that most teachers have to face.
John Minm Fordour rebuked the teachers’s departments to the government to solve their problems. With those words, he spent time talking to the media about the Ghana Association of Teachers (GNAT), approximately 1,99
The analysts are also used to explain their views on the construction projects of the ‘Beyond Teachers " Fund; Making the Teacher Eseially Sound.
He put it before the GNAT officers and members that teachers in the country have helped to improve the country. He also stressed that the government will solve the problems facing the teachers.
He accused GNAT of making arrangements to be made to humble them. he announced to GNAT on their business schedule to have a greater share in the construction project in Unique Insurance and the Ghana Medical Centre.
Fordjour assured teachers that each side of the Academy will enable teachers to use 280,000 electronic computers in order to improve their jobs.
He begged all the teachers in the country to share with the Ministry of Education and to help in the art of education.
Central Regional Police has long long been a feki (fake) censor of fifty-six-six-year-old nurse and her six-year-old daughter at Assin Adedeamtem in the Assin South province of Assin.
A discussion with the EIB Networkers on Thyatigative of the region, PRO Sgt. Evans Isai, thus indicated that the Accra Diaspora sect of Wednesday and the Investigative Unittal Dennegu Councils in the Ghanaian Revolution, has been interrogation Ministers and has been interviewed by May 23, 20 years ago.
The policeman arrived, and his six-year-old daughter , Alberta Lanuekor, was struggling with the same person, and others were going to see them.
The couple were gifted to the police station; they were accompanied by opirehyin and other kinds of medicine.
Jerry Bonnen of EIB Network’s research from the local customary district conduct conducted by the investigation of these false physicians.
According to them, a lot of fiction was discontinued, and some people lost their lives by law.
These two people have policemen who are supporting the investigation.
Four people in Bomso in the Oforikrom regions of the Ashanti Region, on Thursday, May 25, 2021, were flooded by water.
The articlebele memba (assembly member), in the province of Bomso, was sent to Appiah, who said that he had just accused people of hampering on Fridays to find the missed people.
The total amount of water in Kumasi, which lasts two days of the city of Asante, has been damaged to the loss of an amount of money for every million.
Kumasi Kejetia also played a part in the rainfall Wednesday. The Water also took up residences of musical structures and hydrocarbons.
Insurance, Osei Asibey Antwi, who is resting, announced to Starr FM ceremonies in the Auditorium of the Auditorium, Isaa Justice Bediako as the KMAknecal Association, to meet up to the stress of the onslaught of the Waters in Kumasi.
According to him, “The Gabele’s order and the schedule will meet in the morning to meditate on the watering process, I will stay in the whole of Kumasi, but I have never seen a spinal, and we
He added that if the meeting lasted, the meeting would take the initiative to visit their places where the floodwaters had eroded and to look forward to the opportunity that the article could help the victims and also to see how the program was to take place.
The residents of Effia-Kwesimintsim dialogue and the capital of the Sekondi Takoradi are exposed to the ravages of robots in their homes.
This was reported at the time of two thirds of thieves in Tanokrom, a suburb of Effia-Kwesimintsim. These motorists were using an ammirika gi, a gold-filled woman in ‘N.
They took the initiative and put it on their way to the Takoradi Mall, but one of them tried to drive a garbage garbage.
The councils played the finest thieves before the police was handed over. The woman who was eventually picked up and had nothing to do with hergi.
During the last week, the residents of the SSNIT building could not have been able to sleep because a motor motorcycle was used to teach the motorcycle for the next day.
Also, he'tTV kamera for three others who were sitting at the motorbike that they wanted to come to the address of their Anaei Westline in the capital of Sekondi-Takoradi, Prince Kojobele memba to the West and also to be the High High Commissioner of the West, the Supreme Court of the Population of the District of Patisonis.
He claims that there was no answer to the police in spite of the ceremonies and ceremonies committed against these motorists.
According to Nelson Roland, armed robbers said, a motorcycle played a good motorcycle in the dining room. And he said he was going to see how he had been damaged, and he was picked up and killed by the Iphone’s 12.
The Koforidua Executives who set up their savings at the Fanteakwa Rural Bank took on a new banana in their bank account of their inability.
The administrator is using an electronic administrator, Alban Bagbin and the Bank of Ghana, to help with their money.
Fanteakwa Rural Bank, a Fanteakwa North Parliament, Amankwah Asiamah, held in two thousand years, not in the year, but in the year two and a half a million.
This bank has the headquarters in Begoro and its banks in Koforidua, Osiem, Suhum, electricity, and other regions of the region.
They think there are about a thousand people who build their money in this bank.
Most of the victims are farmers, businessmen, teachers, clergymen, miners, and customers.
Their debts have also resulted in promiscuity and death.
Most of the victims are accounted for about GH ¢500.00 to GH¢27,000.00 in the banks.
Those whose bills were packed before 2016 promising that they would be sent to the Parliament to pay their money.
Approximately approximately two thirds of their debtors were conversing with the news media during the Koforidua, they hatched the Parliament for not allowing it to pay their money.
According to them, they do all they can to get their money, but they don’t do anything. They also announced that
Elizabeth Amoah, a businessman, announced that the legislator had made the 2020 prosecution payment, but not according to the authenticity.
“I went to Begoro to save his money during the 2020 elections, the Parliament assured him that after the prosecution had been filed, he would give it to him, and it was a sad fact that the election had ended, and I called the Parliament.
He added, “The Parliament will swindle me and take me to the GH 12,000,000 which I have collected for himself. I am speaking to the President Akufo-Addo and the legislation to the Police Commission in Asiamah and to bring me money to the House,” he added.
Another person whose money has also been accustomed to saying, “What is the President Akufo Addo, the Parliament, the Alban Bagbin, who has not complied with it,” he added, and I have to admit that I have never really been in the same position as our daughter, 2020.
The other party accused the suspected marriages and the proselytizing of their debts.
The Chapter of the North Parliament, the Chairman of Polio Asiamah, who is an executive member of this bank, said nothing about this.
Instead, he had said it was not true that the bank’s bank account accused Nana Akufo-Addoo dwetire to appease the invasion of 2012 charges that led to the bank.
According to this Parliament, it is not true that the bank owes a thousand to claim that the bank had paid the same amount.
Adam Mutawkilu, a member of the legislation mining operations and electricity, was attracted to the truck at $170,000,000, claiming that if they preached in Ghana, they would not win.
He claims that the prosecutor will do all he can to win the case.
The Vice Chancellor announced to Francis Abban on Morning Star Service (which is on Thursday, “You’re really sure that it was the most important thing to do, and it was not necessary for the government to registration in Ghana.
The President of the truck has charged all the charges against the Mahamammuo.
Under the Court
In 2021 the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 for a brick, with GUP limited.
The Minister of electricity, Boakye Fatherrko, was cut down on this necklace and other electronic necks. The NPP government indicated that the country did not need such an electrical system.
The Judgment of the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,61 and hostage from the tenth month to 2018 to the concert to the end.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,87/74 to park at the census, and $3,000,000 to the AGC for the expense of their truck drivers and witnesses. All of this cost to $3,309,874.74
The residents of the Ajako Ochioso region of the Central Regional region have been thrilled to see a lot of fish coming into the Baptizer and getting their drinking water.
This happened on Thursday breaks and rains. The residents
The residents of the area put their hands on the right to take some of the fishermen home.
They were the Jerry Bonnen of the FM customary and the Worry Obosu of the river, who worked on the banks, claiming that something was too late from his return to town and that it was a blessing to the region.
He indicated that some of the fish would be taken to the marketplace. “The fishing came into the baptism process, bringing the twenty-five fishing businesses to Mankessin and Kasoa music.”
I'll understand it because something has never happened in the area of Austom,” he added.
Then, the residents requested the services of fish and water to help them get their bills into the market.
One resident of the area said, “You don’t have a job in the area of Awahiso will help us to earn a lot of money to support our children in school and at home. We are asking the elders to help us with the difficulty we are facing in the mining operations in the Ahiso region,” he said.
The Yembele memba of Ajumako Ochioso or Minister, Maxwell Mensah, issued an applicable appeal to local residents to provide service services to help them get fishing in the river so that the young people will be able to find a job.
Director of the Institute of Energy Security, Nana Amoasi VII, has expressed his opinion to government truck, Godfred Dame, claiming that he did not perform his services to bring Ghana government to $170,000,000 to the Ghana Power Power company GCGP).
On Thursday, on the Morning Starr program, Nana Amoasi VII announced that the government official had not taught Ghanaians to move on to $170,000,000.
“There we have the right to go on this matter, but we defend ourselves with the COVID-19 and the election. The officer did not do the same to him,” he said.
He published these statements by the Unionial Court of London and refuted the government of Ghana on $170,000,000 to pay for the Ghana Power companyno.
According to London’s executive, the government of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) Tribunal ignored it and ignored it.
The prosecutor announced on Wednesday, May 8, the government of Ghana, on Wednesday, demanding that it be repaid.
The government’s truck, Godfred Dame, claims that the 2020 election was the COVID-19, which also resulted in a delay in the arrest of London.
Charles Kimmins Q auditorium and Mark Tushingham in these articles indicate that the government of Ghana was caught before going to the other side of this matter.
The government of Ghana sent Khawar Qureshi Qureshi Q a Serle to court and Volteraa Fietta to use the Omnia Strategy, as part of the Court, with the Ghana Association of Three & Partners and Fulting.
Ghana took people from the government truck and the Amofa & Partners in Accra.
The three customers, John Beehey, coordinator of the International ariminal Court of Arration, and Prof Albert Fiado, a professor of Ghana, permitted the government to pay $170,000,000, including six.
A total of 134.35 million of the pockets were trampled on by 69.36 million that they quickly crossed the necks, 58.49 million were bibilaisehy debts 6.46 million.
The court also costs the government of Ghana $ 614,353.86,353.86 that the court costs the equivalent of $ three million and $ 20.
According to the court, the Kimihyin, who were taught to cross the necks, did not have any valid basis for claiming that they should pay $18,000,000 to a vacuum.
The prosecution was on the verge of the Ghana government’s executive prosecution, lovingly at the crossing board showed that the basis for the construction of the necks was shown in the licenses of the KGG in the Chambers of the Censatamanian Caucasus to send the Blue to the land on the 17th of 2017.
The court answered that the Ghana government did not have any construction projects, including the Energy Commission Act, which contributed to the development of the minerals.
The court ruled that the Dr. Kinkuh (ogy’s ability to gomihy’s supervisor’s executive measure measure was due to the invasion of the Direction of the Director’s licensed licenses of Ghana’s Ministry in 2017. The Minister of Agy was
According to the British legislation, the government has a fifty days to refute the judgments committed against him. But they do not take any action until three days before the registration is issued.
Omnia Strategy , the British law agency, asked for fifty days to be added. This was the time when they had to go on the subject twice.
The court ruled on eighth, 2021, that the government could order them to registration under the supervision of the prosecution, and the government took place to Oforisuo on the first day of the 2021, to begin their operation of the British Region, after the Administration Council of Volkeaetta, began to begin its operation.
The coordinator of this legal corporation of all the parts of the world explained that ten days after public transportation, Godfred Yeboah Dame, the government decided to take the initiative to subdue the bridge.
The court’s verdict on May 8, 2021, is said to have all the information being said to be confused and tied.
Justice, Justice Butsiher has been hesitant.
According to the Global Arbitration Review, the judges claimed that the government delayed the auditorium was agnetic and also across the borders that their registration began to thirty-five thirty-foot and seven days earlier.
According to him, the court’s investment does not allow him to use the purse as he did.
He added that it is about five times before the government’s truck, it allows the government to use the time they are assigned.
Under the Court
At the end of 2021, the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $ 134,000,000 and $30,000,000 for burials with GUGP limited.
The Minister of electricity, Boakye Fatherrko, was cut down on this necklace and other electronic necks. The NPP government indicated that the country did not need such an electrical system.
The Judgment of the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,61 and hostage from the tenth month to 2018 to the concert to the end.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,87/74 to park at the census, and $3,000,000 to locate the debts made to their trucks and to witnessers. All of this cost to $3,309,874.74
It has been said, the city of Kumasi, Asante, has been flooded by a small town in Sawaba.
This little girl and her parents were traveling on their way to pragia. Through the floodwaters, the pragia broke down.
The residents of the area reportedly bought the irrigation, not the parents, but the girlfriends, as if the water had gone.
One of the residents approached Francis Abban on the Morning Star Thursday program, saying “What is as if the water had fallen through the water,” it is difficult for you to cross the road through the baths of the Sawbone,” he said.
Others reported that the President Akufo-Addo was also quoted in the floodwaters.
According to the President Iddrisu Adams, the most populated people called Koomi, who was caught by the Auditoriums because of the robbery that was taking place. He was shot and was being killed when the police were going to him for a long time.
The smus was one of the policemen who were looking for them and was picked up on May 20, 2021, on the illegal mining site.
On the 20th day of the 2021, police officers were sent to areas where he claimed to be the target of his burglar associates and tried to rob him. The policemen shot him as if he couldn't steal.
He was taken to the St. Martins hospital and left.
The police have announced that they are looking for his burglarians and advising them to join the police police in the police’s vaccination.
The police assured the public that they would be able to do whatever they could to combat theft and appeal to the public.
The manager, Albert Kan Dapaah, has explained why he has migrated to the Asante region’s security officer, DCOP Opare-Addo.
According to Kan Dapaah, they did all they had to do to safety services and took the initiative to dispatch the miners.
In front of Star News, an executive of the company of the NPPPP Association, Delta Forgie, was trampled on and down, unwilling to do what was expected to be done in the region.
In a conversation with South Dayiani Parliament, Rosikson-Nelson Dafeamek, he announced that the administration was used by the state administration.
On the contrary, he did not indicate that Mr. Opare-Addo was excavated while indicating that it was necessary to force.
The Opare-Addo had signed for three years to be the Accommodations officer at the Auditorium, and the two-year concert that started on its fiveth anniversary at the end of 2018.
“What’s the state’s administration has deposed on April 16, 2021, after which he was deposed, Arthur’s registration was issueddddled, and his registration was scheduled to be held in place of the President’s administration, after which he was deposited
Mr. Dapaah also explained that “as because he was not allowed to continue his project, the new state security officers could not do his job,” he added. For this reason, they sent the security officers at the end of the 2021, and they were obliged to go to the state of Asadududu, to make sure that their return dues was due to the President,” he added.
He added, “What is now DCOP Opare-Addo, bringing everything into the state state’s defense before the administrator or to me as a knife,” he added. As a result, the
If DCOP Opare-Addo takes good roads to strike every person, I will try to investigate the matter.
British Haekɔmisa of Ghana, an independent Ghanaian, Iain Walker and EIBwork High Commissioner, Nathan Kwabena Adisi, whom most commonly called Bola Ray was on Wednesday on Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Ass King Promise and attended.
The aim of Bola Ray’s premiere of Ghana’s ‘Taste Ghana” was to allow the British Haekɔmis to consume some of Ghana’s dishes. The Chamber was placed on a popular market in New Town and completed at the marketplaces in Nima.
The police in Adeiso in the Arctic region have taken up four fifty-five rifle guns from the mining miners.
According to the Adeiso Police, on May 20, she was picked up on May 23, 2021 as a white-speed mineral in the Okaikrom region near Adeiso (Tiso), at three o " clock.
The police arrived in the area and two terases and two peels were picked up to be picked up.
The drivers pulling the tip lines of teraks and peelades saw the police coming, and the police maneuvered their efforts the next day to the Klutse Kofi where Mitsubishi ( 7191 C.-1991)
Fifteen guns and cassava are found in his ring and are investigating the ring.
The census secluded public relations before Starr andws as if this person had been chanced upon.
He announced that the person was suspected of a rifle in which he had been trapped in the rifle of Sammertide sod and the Sand Winning company.
He claims that this person and the rifle were taken into the police’s rifle.
This was the time when they were going to retaliate in the area where they were mining.
Two o " clock in the morning, May 23, 2021, when the ladies who were seated in a bathtub and three pairs were added to the state of GS835 the next day of Osae Kwame (world, they reported on on the road to the Central Regional Region, which was approaching to the state of the government,” he added.
The police heard this incident, bringing the miners to the village, not to apprehending them, but to a place where the Summertide companytua was mining in the village of Obeng Th Thursday, near Adeiso.
The second person who accompanied the police was recruited, Alhassan Zakari, who was shooting at the rifle.
The next day, five people in that area were loaded together and sent to an unknown place.
According to the suspect, the suspect suspect suspected that they were picking up GH96,000 at the time of the shooting.
The Kyebipolis picked up these five people who were not on their way back to life.
At about four o " clock in the evening, the Adeiso a policeman went to meet the same person.
The police investigated the Nana Barfuor Sarpong, who claimed to be a national security officer, saw one AK47, mining three different species.
The Alhassan Z Zechariah and the Bright Treaty moved their legs to a regional hospital in Koforidua.
As for Seisei, the region of CID was built up in this issue.
The victims are beelect.
The Koforidua Wednesday for the five suspects who were accused of the Abuakwa chief of civil security, GH al200,000 became the target of
Among them were Nana Barfuor Sarpong, Nana Barima Twum Tarbiade II, all of whom were kings in Abuakwa.
Among them are cheathan Martey, Eric Yaw Boateng, Vig, and others.
They were taken to court on the Thirteenth of the 2021, in which they were created with seven bananas. This is: an attempt to inflicted on a victim, beaten, robbed, robbed, and robbed of theft.
He has taken the matter to Kitawonsa on the seventh day of 2021.
The prosecutor, Cyril Boateng Keteku, the vice president of the government, approached the administrator, Osae Kwame (30 years) and Alhassan Zakaridi (3030 years of harassment), all of them farmers.
The third is Samuel Astu Forson , the Chief Executive general of Adeiso, who also serves as an administrator in Summertide Sand Wompany.
According to his statement, Nana Baffuor Sarpong, a member of the country’s prosecutor, who is said to be the High Commissioner, has been accused of heresy and the administrator.
The second one is the Nana Barima Twum Tabirade of the king of Amend. The third isathan Martey, Nana Barfuor, and Eric Obeng Barfuni, who was the helper of Nana Barfutor Barfuager.
The rest of them are accustomed.
The government has taken steps to build the Burkina people who are harassing Ghanaians in Bawku. Wama is making baraks in Bawku to improve the security of Bawku.
The President Akufo-Addo took these words to the apprehension of the security sector to the robbers in Burkina breakdown.
He quoted these words when he needed Bawku Naba to bring his procrastination in the Upper East East East toward the end.
You are being harassed by the fact that this region is near Burkina Faso.
He added, “Bawku Naba, they know the government’s policy to improve the development of policies in order to improve the safety skills of the security sector and to meet this program from Burkina Faso.
I'll be happy to put it before you to build a military camp in this area and to help with the ongoing developments.”
Asigiri Abugrago Azoka II, Bawku Naba, also president of the Kusaug kings, announced that both the kings and the people of the Kusaug region were grateful for the provisions made by Ghana, Na Addna Dankwah Akufo-Addo.
Speaking of the President Akufo-Addo’s success in the election of the nation’s first four years of fate, Bawku Naba, said to the President, “which has done a lot of hard work, and I pray that the God of wisdom and the strength you will make your way successful.
According to Child Rights International surveys, an estimated 11,2888 percent of teenagers from between 20 and seven years of age wanting to go out of the country for a better job.
Fifteen percent of the people said they did not know whether they would live or leave the country.
According to the survey, fifteen percent of those with whom they had been contacted indicated that they would have a chance to go to another country; during a period of less than half the year, they wanted to get a good job or go to school or live a good life in the country.
According to the survey, about 80% of the partners claim that during the next two years, the country will be recruited, and about 20% of the people will be able to see the future in their society.
A group of young people in the Ashanti Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Director of the Lighthouse, the region’s approximately one of the ceremonials of the region, Bishop Dagward He-Mills, speaking about the Ashanti-Millsus of the Ashanti Regionalthy
He was speaking to them about the God-Givering message, and the question is asking about the challenges of the great kings in the area.
According to these teenagers, the famous accuser has despised the Almighty and has been more reprehensible than good
The Secretary of the Association, Kwabena Frimpong, stated: “Whe has been sending the bishop of Dag Heward for two hours to resemble all the hygiene and all the ceremonies in the Ashanti Region, we are profaning those who are academically opposed to the Accountry and Os.
The Chief Executive, Dag Heward Mills, has long deposed.
In his early hours, the minister said, “You’re sad that I have put it in my late teens and that some people who are willing to take the initiative to close the doors of our risings in Kumasi.
“I go to my ear, O Sovereign Nana Osei Tutu II, in the face of all kinds of criticism and adversity, and I ask him to take my long term at www.”
The National Democratic Congress has rebuked the most reprehensible judge, Kwasi Aninanie-Yeboahin, to the General Legal Council for the attorney of the Doymin Ayminine Congress. It is said that this same is against the Dominic Ayine Cyine.
Dr Ayine announced that the court had not violated the orders of the contract during the discussion. He also understood the use of the ministration as a bricklayin.
He added these words to the program on the Centre for Democratic Development (CDD) and KNUST.
Headmate of the President, GLC, gave GLC permission to be called the Parliament, and he would rectify the admissions and acquisitions for retaliation.
Speaking with the media on Monday, the NDC Secretary-General, Johnson Asiedu Nketia, accused the chief of executing the auditorium on the Bolgatangatanga East Parliament.
Mr. Asiedu’s Physical Commission, which is so commonly called General Mosquito, said, “We have that the people themselves exercised faith in the government’s exercise but it is not permissible. How many times you have heard that an announcement is coming to someone but that I am warning you not to speak about it?
He added that “What is the fact that legislation and government officials are more likely to be superior to the government’s dictatorships. Our laws and our superior laws protect the government’s rights and not to those who are part of the same government administration. That is how some people think they are able to interfere with their efforts to do something deceptive,” he added.
Mr Asiedu Nketia also hired the Chief of Justice to be targeted by the NDC albums, with the admission that he would not compromise.
It is not unusual for the high-ranking judge, Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah, to send out his bananas to reprimand the injunction before the curtain and the NDC, to be the most accustomed judge of the Supreme Court of the NDC?
Ghana is second in Abiman as the peace-loving country of Mauritius in the 2021 Global peace Index of the Institute for Economics and peace.
The first edition of the Global peace Index has been used to describe the development of a hundred and sixty-five countries and to make sense of the quality of their society. This survey is a staggering study of how peace and economy can be found in the community today.
A survey of 1.715 of Ghana’s 20th-acreased populations revealed that 1.715 brought them to
Around the world, Mauritius, the first in Abiman, bought twenty-nine, and Botswana, who bought three Abimans in Abiman, bought a world of lucrative mining, Nigeria, a hundred and six tons of Togo, Uganda, Kenya RePublic of oven and Cameroon.
Iɔeland is still the first part of a world of peace. Foreigners from 2008, including New Zealand, Denmark, Portugal, and Slovenia.
Afghanistan is the most peaceful nation (in the past four years), including Yemen, Syria, South Sudan and Iraq. Global peace Index 2021, claims that Burkina Fa
Research shows that there is violence in other countries in Sub-Saharan Africa. Namibia has played a major role in the development of peace by six percent.
South Sudan is still a peace-loving country in that area, and when it comes to the world, they are part of the peace-loving world despite having been reproved in peace.
Burkina Faso was the most peaceful country in the area where the country was situated. The government put a gun in the hands of the people to strike with the revolt and destroy it.
According to the survey, all people around the world were unsatisfactory. This took place at the end of the 2020th century to the Coronavirus assassination
According to the survey,ovid was a threat to political and social stability, as well as to the development of the economy in the economy, to which the economy of the economy is increasing.
Despite all of this, three quarters around the world are more responsive today than they were just four years ago.
The ceremony also shows that 0.07% of the peace of the 2021 Global peace Index is corrected by the total number of these, regardless of how well the quality of the quality of the quality of the quality of the universe is measured by 0.07.
In many cases, “What is a peace-loving region, where there is no change in the Middle East and North Africa, where there is still
Europe is still the most peaceful place in the world. There are eight peace-loving countries throughout the world in this area, and there is no country in the southern part of Europe.
The President, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, has directed the Ghanaiansians to have the assurance that their life prospects will increase during the political party.
According to him, the four years ahead will be smoother for every Ghanaian person.
“I be anxious about the fact that the four years ahead will leave us alone in the lives of any Ghanaians,” the President said these words from time to time and in Nigeria.
On Monday, Mr Akufo-Addo and governor of the Imo State in Nigeria, Owelle Rosihas Anayo Omber, he added: “You are three or four, the Ghana economy is also convinced that we are in control and that we are working hard to maintain our society,” he added.
The President of the mining mineral, John Dramani Mahama, on the election, plays three legs in Nigeria, and converses with Nigeria’ spandu Muhari.
The President Akufo Addo also assured the Imo State govern governor that the relationship between Ghana and Nigeria will soon be compromised.
“You are grateful for the relationship between these two countries, it is vital that this partnership be established between citizens and adulterers. It gives the children h=nya to believe that we are working to solve all their problems and improve their lives.
President John Dramani Mahama has appointed Joseph Whittal to serve as a cobra for Commission on Human Rights and Adminrative Justice (CHRAJ)
Mr. Whittal was dated on Tuesday afternoon at Flagstaff House to begin his assignment.
Mr. Whittal, who has been accustomed to reservoirs, moved from the President to reedsa, Lauretta Vivian Lamptey, from the beginning of the country’s economy.
The President has denied Ms. Josephine Nkrumah to the National Commission for Civic Education (NCCE).
Mr. Nkrumah, a vice president, has been forced to bring to Mrs. Charlotte Osei, who had the President, to sleep at the edge of the country’s during the Kitawo, at the end of the year.
This project, which the government brought to the unfortunate, was about a week before the NPP, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, was blowing the President who was sitting on the street.
The President will be placed on the wheels of the seven-day wakes in 2017.
GN Health Insurance companyLtd, one of the Groupe Nduomom’s Seventy Services, has been under the ambolans occupation of Ghana.
They are looking forward to helping those who need immediate medical attention to their needs.
The GN Health Ambulance Service will be a fifty-eight job to care for the needs of those in need.
According to GN Health, Issah Adam,, “Bio, our prime minister, has become the most elusive of us to Groupe Nduom, Dr Papa Kwesi Nduom, and his deputy Mrs Yvonne Nduom, as well as the director of all the corporations, have been helping to improve their health services.
To the doctors at the convention, he said, “with is also the great thing Groupe Nduomom has started. The ambolans operation has been added to the program to help the staff in the Greater Accra and the Central Region.
Research shows that women who lose their life as a child or because of a six-percent increase in the accident are able to take them to the hospital. According to experts, they can do the same for which most people lose their lives as a truck and take them to the hospital, which GN Health Ambul Service wanted them to do.
“GN Health will make sure that we have doctors who are trained trained and trained professionals who know how to deal with problems.”
According to him, Ford ambolans 350 have the right to care for those who need medical treatment before they are hospitalized. Say, too, that it is not enough to provide hospital care for those in need.
The Ambolans has whatever measures it needs to be taken to care for a hospital. They have a multiple hydrocarbons, such as rest-places, and recycling.
The government said he would take over all the wounds in Latower diarrhea on Thursday.
Six people have lost their lives on such missiles at Trade Fair Centre in Accra and twenty-three wounds.
In the La General, Police and 37 Military hospital, Alex Segbefia, visited victims of injuries who were being taken to the La General, Police, and the residents who were working hard at the hospital.
“On shows that the country will have to deal with all the expenses for those who injured in the mines, so let those in the hospitals be accused of collecting all the expenses.”
“When you know the date, you have always been washing their hands, washing clothes, cleaning, and cleaning the spices, and making sure that the doctors and others will be treated in the hospital,” he added.
President John Dramani Mahama also urges Ghanaians to pray for those who are injured.
The mining President gave it on Friday of his Facebook accommodations for the wounded.
The members of the family and all those who are trapped in the museum are under pressure. We continue to pray for those who are injured.”
Fire has bought an oil station near the Ghana International Trade Fair Centre in Accra to deprive five people of their lives.
Those present claimed that the fire also destroyed the program there.
According to Veronia Koomson, ambolans was the gunman who came to the area to help the fire decrease.
The Ghana National Fire Service (GNFS) spokesman, Prince Billy-Anaglatey, to the Starr News Media, said “ We are trying to bring the fire to the ground. Armed Forume Minister here to do whatever is going to happen.”
Koomson announced that the fire was not extinguished, and it
Billy-Anaglatey claims that he cannot claim to have someone else, and he added that their seiseizures are needed to prevent them from falling into a trap.
They don't know what caused the fire to collapse. The place is dark and dark, and it is as if the fire has destroyed all the lights in the area.
One person has lost his life in the accident at night in the Ekumfi Center of Ekumfi, in the Central Region of the Central Region.
This free Nigerian manager was driven from the road and moved into his ribbon.
It was colorful and colorful from Mankesim to Nigeria.
Those present reported that this man took the initiative when he was driven to the weeds.
The residents worked hard to save the life of the two residents who lived in it before the fire broke out and killed the driver.
The couple are expecting medical care at the heape heast Regional Hospital.
Later, people from Ghana Fire Service arrived to set up the fire.
In addition to these accidents, two accidents in the past two weeks were involved.
During the last two weeks, ten-five people lost their lives in this way, including Yutong and Sprinter.
A government in the Gathal region has given Gbese mantse, Nii Ayibonte, a week to pass the roads.
The price of the Gbese king is due to the proclamation given before 2016.
The Nii Music promised that the President John Mahama ate the potent’s jewelry would come from his eyes.
Nii Ayibonte rebuked his administrators to believe that the Mahama would win through the crash, with an abundance of basic needs.
The Accra Heart of the Oak Secretary wasn't ready to pick up the hydrocarbon.
Nana Akufo-Addo got off victorious about what would happen.
Gathers who are pressured to go out of their way are also involved. They claim that he does not have the right to rule.
According to the police, two women lost their lives and more than ten-mienus were injured and killed in an accident that occurred at Beenada on the road to Daboya-Busumu in the Upper region of the Arctic region.
Fifteen-five people who were going to bed were riding from Daboya to Sawla.
The Police Minister of West Gona, ASP Seidu Wemeh, claims that an estimated $ 2304 per per per per per person, was trapped in the Daboya area and was dispersed and killed by the two.
The two girls from the combination were females who were between the ages of two and four and a half.
They are unable to see the cause of the accident, and ASP Seidu will show that the police will investigate whether the driver was drinking.
He added that the injuries were sent to Tamale heads of the region, and only one man was taken to Damongo.
Individual accidents in the Daboya-Busunu roads are rarely expected to take place.
The residents of the area claim that it is not true that this year the first accidents are taking place in the area.
It is said that the accident was not reported to the police.
The governor of the ogy sector, Dr. Matthew Opoku Prempeh, has announced that the government is doing whatever he is doing in the mining industry in Ghana to improve their jobs by means of electricity and quality.
He added that most people agree that the sun’s energy is necessary to improve technology.
According to him, “Oftgy is an electrical reservoir that keeps the flow of electronic gadgets, and that is what the industrialized nations are using in their country that is helping to increase their economy.”
Based on the International Energy Agency Administration, he announced that the use of money in the sungy’s power could be hard to improve the quality of electricality.
Dr Opoku Prempeh made this statement by his prosecutor at Stakeholders Forum on Ghana’s Nuclear Power Programme in Accra.
The coordinator of the 19th-century Ghana Industries (AGI) and Nuclear Power Ghana (NPG) was under the supervision of the program: “Nuclear Energy Innovations: The Future for a sole Energy and tobacter deoris of Ghana.
Dr Opoku Prempeh claims that this system will reduce air pollution from trucks and burning equipment.
According to the report, the development of electronic devices and the cost of the investment of the industrial sector has been the most important thing to develop in Ghana’s country.
He claims that if we look at the country’s need for electricity, the electricity rate, the amount of energy, and the solar ecosystems, we will be able to obtain trucks with electricity.
Not only does the radiation of the lower electricity cause the new sun, but it also enables the country to improve the quality of the long-term use of it.
According to 2017, John Agye Kufuor, John Agye Kukum Kufuor, who heard Professor Daniel Adzei-Beko, was said to be tested to see if the sungy could lighten the entire Ghana?
In those early days, Ghana had an electrical problem.
According to the development of the nation’s electricity, he announced that the government seated and all the residents took steps to ensure the improvement of the suny energies.
This is what led to the development of the NPG tissue, which measures the first phase of Ghana’s sungy.
He announced that the NPG was on the stove that Mr. Fred Ored's wedding day, they took their attention to the need for good planning to improve the efficiency of the sungy in the country.
The minister added that the use of electrical lighting could also help to reduce the risk of pollution within the country.
He added, “thefty is helping to improve the quality of life in many ways and is helping to increase even more jobs.”
Industrious, both in business and in agricultural society, the sungy is being used in all parts of the world, including Ghana.
This arrangement has taken place after the hydrocarbons of lakes and other figs.
At the beginning , 28.5 million ships were shipped to the plains; the number was 38.5 in the preceding year; it to 70.2 in 2020, and the number of participants in this program claims to have been used by ninety million.
The Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA) says they are talking with the Food and Beverages Associationof Ghana (FABAG) and the corporations to pay their bills to the target.
The Buk Press, the National Association for Preparation in Ghana and DelaRue, British sikiriti, is moving toward GRA, and the Streamline Resourlinees in Tema Port are also helping to smell the explosions that will supple their hands.
The electronic suspect, Mr. Kwabena Asideu Awuah Anto, said this would help to swindle the explosion. (the excess of the company’s executive ships, with the aid of the Food and Drugs Authority-FDA.
Speaking at the time of the Graphic Communications Group Limited (GCGL), on Tuesday, April, Mr. Anto announced that the GRA candidas has granted the four departments of Ghana Limi and Coca-Cotta Bottage compan to do their jobs.
The editor of the Daily Graphic, Mr Kobby Asmby Asmah, Mr. Franklin Sowa and the editor of Mirror sent a letter, Ms Doreen Hammond Graphic Communications Group Limited (GLLL), who had led the Ato-Deworf Commission to them.
The party went to see how the applicants were scarce and the GRA had joined them in an effort to improve the quality of this system.
A Mr. Anto concluded that the program will reduce the number of infrastructures in order to reduce the number of infractions in order to ensure that the country’s superiority has been restored.
In addition, he added that this program will help to improve the quality of the economy and also help the company to do so full-time in the marketplace.
A Mr. Anto reported that “Whedie is in the area of Tema and in the three districts of the country where we are carrying a lake to the pools, we don’t welcome the owners of the auditorium.”
Among the costs they spend is the money they can buy, the payment and expenses of the employees.
According to the dawn of 2018, the government took all the attacks on the ships and continued on to this day. That is why the Komisa announced that they should meet the country and that they should pay the fees.
A Mr Anto claims that this meeting will show that GRA will give the people all the money or that they will share the money with the people in the country.
Some countries live in Kenya, the owners pay the bills to pay the cargo or to keep the cargo on the ground before it becomes part of the country.
Ghana’s agencies blame the person being accused or the company.
In the countries that use this system, the members of the corporation are also involved in the apprenticeship of the corporation.
Mr. Anto told her mind about the problem of the Tema area that they could pass the ships during the time of the day. She said, however, the
In addition, he added that those who are too high do not want to spend any other expenses, they send their heads to the Tema area to keep the adjacent to their wagons, which allows the auditorium to wait for a while.
When those lifted the ships do not change, they also keep the narrow tissue waiting.
The Engyinians cleaned the mines and allowed them to work on the ships.
In his comments, Mr Asmah rebuked GRA to allow their plans to be postponed.
According to him, proclamation is vital, and it will also help people to avoid the program.
He accused GRA and Streamline Resouroures officials of putting arrangements to solve the problem.
Because of the fact that they have seen the development of a plan, he announced that G. and the GRA will join them in their efforts to help make the arrangements more convenient.
Ale Asmah said, “I believe that G.....................
The Institute of Energy Security (IES) claims that the oil price will go a bit high. IES’ statements indicate that oil will be deposed on the marketplace.
Meanwhile, in 2021 the Oil Marketing Presidentis publisher (OMU), built up to three percent of the oil prices (33%). As a result, the same amount of oil was purchased on the GH¢5.9.7. Sesoline was sold and gasoline.
ACCORDING to the study of IES auditoriums shows that Zen Peterleum, Benab Oil, oh, ash Oil, Goodness Oil, Top Oil and Frimps Oil are the most expensive oils in the marketplace.
According to this article, the International Benchmark Brent deposited an auditorium for $73.98 (wei), a 4.05% of them were used for $71.10.
Because of the increase in the number of COVID-19 Europe and the disease has heard in the United States, it has contributed to the increase in oil
In the first two years, Brent estimates the nutrients of medicine $75. It is because we enter the country and also because it has been allowed to travel freely, as oil was taken worldwide.
As a result, the number of residents and passengers on the roads is increasing.
All the hard-pressed Brent oil prices have been built to transport oil to Europe, Asia, and the Middle East on their banks.
The price will be changed during the month of Kitawonsa, beginning at the meeting of the OPE+u in Kitawon, the first day of Kitansa. They are going to discuss how the hygiene will go back to the month.
The Standard and Poor " s Global Platforms, according to the Standard and Poor’s Global Platforms, is said to have increased the amount of oil (the ditrosm and diseel in other countries in a short period of time.
The price of the oil rose to 3.47% according to the cost of $671.45, which was sold to one of the minerals, to a peak of $694.78.
Similarly, at a cost of $576.8, a 3.53% of the mineral was sent to $597.30.
According to the IES. A survey of the world economies, heedi ($1.00, GH¢597.30) is sold
South Africa has become part of many countries where the Nigerian country has been accused of avoiding foreigners or pilots from the country to return to the Nigerian country and from COVID-19 Delta cases in the South African country.
Those who traveled to South Africa two days later are not allowed to enter the country of Nigeria.
The Executives in South Africa who want to come to the Nigerian country have to spend seven days together.
This arrangement also lives in Brazil and in the regions of Turkey.
The death of Kaaka Mohammed is painful and painful.
God does not hide his soul from him and allow his disciples to
At the very least, some people are saying that the government is behind his death and that others are praying that the government will not know anything about his death.
This too is not enough to prevent the investigation from developing.
The government’s proclamation of the term “fix theountry’s statements does not have to do with the government’s awareness of these deaths, even when I am especially aware of the damage done to the sector, nothing can happen to a man who could change himself.
The government met participants to make their hearts go down.
Later, the two parties were in charge of the rehabilitation, and the government was about to settle the country.
Instead, we have a partner in the government who and the protesters are not the same as they have been taught that those who are working toward them do not display godly qualities.
We also found policemen who tried hard to keep the exhibiters in the streets and to introduce the COVID-19 facility, but the majority of these policemen were unable to stop the Sir John funeral.
All of this can make it possible for the government to be accused of death, even if some people think that he is true and that there is no good evidence.
We should also realize that it is unrealistic to assume that political prejudices are taking place, and it is also possible for those who are not part of the government to be more susceptible to misconduct or to humiliate the government.
In addition, no other construction project can show that a person was behind the death of Kaaka.
We do well to examine the facts and see how they handle the situation.
I don't do all of it, and the soldiers are unconscious who are carrying the two.
We have a complaint without using their jobs and training techniques.
The government will continue to occupy the fact that all the military expenditures have been taken to politics, not in public, but also in the case of Mobrowa Struggle, which was the most prominent part of the
We could see how the police and the soldiers treated us, even if they had to touch us.
Who's the gun and the athletic
Who wanted to shoot him? People or “beela”?
Does this have to be shot to stop the exhibition?
How was this soldier used?
Who took the job? Who took him through training?
This person is the white man in a military uniform.
I'll be playing a part in the politics of the sector, and I’m talking to some of the professionals and former Abimanses.
To most people, this is said, according to the fact that Ghana’s growth in politics is not in harmony with my statements.
As part of the government, some of those who are taking the lead in the exhibition are quite different from the politics of the sector.
If you skipped gaas on the part of the Ghanaians in the exhibition, do you have a problem with them?
Are there no rains and plastic bults?
The government will want to discontinue the institution’s administration to ensure that the institutions will see how to handle them. The government will also want to send the security officers back to school to train them in order to communicate with the people before they are ready to go.
This gives people the value of teaching.
The President himself sets his foot on this issue, and he allows people to experience the full assurance and peace of mind.
The directors have no idea of the security company.
Because of the fact that the Asomdnes are on the ground, it is as if they are not in a position to correct the situation. For this reason, the President must take his own steps.
Fifteen-year-old Thomas Amoani, graduated from the Adeiso Presbyterian Senior High School, who obtained a so-called so-called software of the Ghana Sholarships Secretariat, has held the government of the President Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo Addo.
Krapanin, Mr. Kingsley Agyemang, has announced that Thomas Amoani, who was alone at the West African Seetdary School Certificate Examination, was assigned to study at the height of the Brunel University in London.
Fifteen-year-old Adult from Asuaba near Adeiso will learn Economics and Business Financials at the university.
His reassurance struck the whole country, and the student was conversing with the presses, Thomas Amoani, saying that he sometimes traveled some 350 miles [ 4 km ] to his school.
The President Akufo-Addo heard this and ordered him to go tolahyip.
On the move, a smeller approached the press, saying that the President’s jaws have made it possible for Thomas to encourage the others to learn this skill despite their sweat.
Mr. Agyemang said “I know that there are many people who live in Thomas and I are promising that there is a soccer that they will be helped. Thomas’s words encourage the residents. I will praise the President Akufo-Addo’s presence at this.
At the university, Thomas Amoani, who is excited to announce his country of Ghana’s disadvantage and to restore Ghana to perfection.
He added, “You never imagined that the President would use the jawbone to make it possible. I thank them for their faith in me. I never let my country of Ghana collapse.”
The Brunel University London is a Uxbridge Institute in London, England. The university was held in 2966 to be placed on the Isambard Kingdom Brunel in the United States with a view to the development of the phases of the Anglo-Americans, England.
There is no error in his eyes, President Kwasi Anin Yeboah, who will put bananas on Dr. Dominic Ayine Ayine, who is also Bolgatanga East Parliament in Legal Council (GLC).
The Chapter of Zebilla’s legislation, John Ndebugre, claims that the National Democratic Congress (NDC’ and the administrator are referring to the auditorium of Dr Ayine’s son Genral Legal Council (GLLLust), is referring to and rebuked.
“I believe that the Chief Chairirman was the first person to start the operation, since Dr Ayine’s response to the prosecution was unaware of all the evidence that the President’s executive measures were infringed.
By quoting articles from Dr Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, Dr Dominic Ayine said during the discussion of Presidential Aion Petition and its election on the Abibiman kabibikabio, the Chief Justice de Dr Dominic Akuritinga Ayine Akuritinga Ay, to
Dr. Ayine is introduced to the government’s administration by a banquet, and why is it because the total number of elections in the country took place in 2020 President Presidential elections.
According to the Perfecttihyin, Dr. Ayine’s solemn analysis was that the court’s courtship was not used in terms of the judicial system and was putting the ultimatum on the heels.
“Dr Ayine made a statement about the secrecy’s application of the electional election, which led to the auditorium of the mining minerals, Dr. Ayine, to the mining of the mining minus,” he added.
Dr. Ayine’s prosecutor’s prosecutor’s decision was that his statements did not discriminate them.
He stressed that he did not preach in a bad way.
“When I reported in my answer, it is my duty to support the government administration.” by my upbringing and learning, I can explain my concerns about the implications of the government sector, including some of Ghanaians.
He also added that his comments were still being addressed.
On Monday, when the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and the presses of the Accra Registrar, the President was accused of cutting off the mineral on Dr. Ayine.
Mr. Ndebugre claims that he does not agree with the administrator’s executives and the prosecutor’s response to the Dr Ayine’s statement, claiming that Dr Ayine’s statement did not allow one of the judges or the officers of the judicial officers who held the matter to the administration of the government’s administration,” he was speaking to the general administrative
He and the Citi FM in Accra on Tuesday, on Tuesday, 2021, Mr. Ndebugre said “I believe there is nothing wrong with the President’s right to strike him,” he said.
Referring to 1996, the country sent a banana to Mensah Bonsu, Stephen Quao and Tommy Thompson, claiming that the Mensah Bonsu had been criticized for the Justice, and the government official trucked up at four of the government administrative trucks.
The most respected judge does not abide by the law to inject the
“We think there's nothing wrong with the President’s injuries.”
Next, Dominic Ayine was a violation of the government, and at the time, she and her parishman were taken to court.. As a result, if the government official demanded that the man be posted on a legal basis, someone could say that the person was directing his opinions to him?
No. you have to go to court and say you don’t have any counsel on the charges you have been given.
In a similar vein, the chief judge also claims that his case has violated the law of the government.
Mr. Ndebugre added, “You’re going to go. It has to sit on the subject of the NDC and Dr Ayine on its own in the Region.”
He claims that here, it is likely that you are preaching in court and that you are quoting from the government’s office’s exclusion, or that the decision is said to be a matter, and they can be relied on the basis of the decision.
If you have been accused in court, you might say, “na, if you go to the party to say that Dr Ayine has the power to direct her against the law, I will disagree with you.”
At the same time, you should approach the Ministry’s Appropriate Chance and say that you are expressing your opinion, but you say that you are the most respective judge of the government, who is not entitled to interfere with the institution, and you are not convinced that the government’s application of the law is a valid reason for his departure.
They asked that he was the chief officer of the Administrator and the President of GL’s Administrator’s compatibility, so he took Dr Ayine to himself, and Mr. Ndebugre answered that “Wh is asking those in the Ministry’s Administence to be an authentician,” he
He used people to be sentenced to the illegal sector, and he illustrated that “When the people who are taken there, they are not taught by their opinion? If you say that some of them have no valid valid reason, they are dragged before them. Why do you say that they do not stand before the law?
“I don't think the most reprehensible man did or not.”
What I am saying is that he is the most respected man in charge of the bananas and that he is the most respected judge and the person who has been accused of the bananas because his preaching is against the government’s interests and their interests. He is the one who
The prosecution does not mean that your murderers are respected. There you go and teach the information you are using in front of the media.
“When you go there, and you can talk about it, and then you don’t have any interest in what he is talking. I will advise Ayine to try to retaliate to the injunction, and it will help them to be more likely to go and
In the aftermath of the prosecution, the National peace Council (NPC) made plans to promote unity in the country.
The Kansere claims that the party’s ideologies can intensify the threat of violence in the community.
COMPASSION shows that there will be social and social institutions at Adas in the state of Greater Accra.
The CommonwealthSecretariat and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) were responsible for the project “Countering post 2020 election violen and the building osensus for the Police in Ghana.
The aim of this program is to be quick to help the public to unite, to restore peace and stability to the political parties of the country.
They were present at the program with the Commonwealth Secretary-General, Rt. Hon. Patricia Ssiotland; UNDP representatives, Dr Angela Lusigi; Minister of communication, Mr. Kojo Oppong; foreigners, Mr. Ambro Dery and Ministera, AlbertDa Minister,
Along with them were the deputy prosecutor, Dr Eric Bossman Asare; the chief of police, the National Democratic Congress, New PatrioticParty, so hevention, Minister’s Party ministers, bishops, and members of the country.
Mr. Dery said regardless of his company’s policy on the prosecution, there were cases of violence that some people lost, and other property damaged.
According to him, over two thirds of the incidents of violence killed the lives of their five childbirths in the country.
Mr. Dery announced that the government is investigating the problem and that those who attend will be punished.
Ale Kan-Dapaah also announced that for the nation to be effective, the parties in the party are connected with their own understanding.
Rt Hon Stenotland created Ghanaians with a peaceful way of life in the country. It impressed the Commonwealth family.
According to him, Ghana has taken the lead in the Ghanaian democracy, which he said “we should be the burden on the city.”
He also announced that the women and the teenagers were involved in the law of the country.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Ministry, Rev. Ernest Adu-Gyamfi, announced that this program will bring between the political parties and the social services of the country.
He claims that this discussion will help to solve all the problems that have taken place after 202.
Mr. Godwin Amarh is the headmistress of Transeco Mineral and Mining, a six-day classroom in the Atiwa West District of the Arctic region.
He added to GH al95,000 at these school buildings, which involved an auditorium to help them improve their habitat.
On the opening of the building, Mr Amarh indicated that children in elementary school should have a good education and that it helps them to have a solid foundation.
According to him, it is important for the students to be able to translate throughout the country to be based on academic
“When we work in Transeco Mining and Minerals companya we think we will help to improve the quality of our academic education wherever our company is available. This is why the team is eager to help the development of education in all places.”
“I am so glad I am coming to the end of this school, we all know that education is important to people and even to the country. To have students retaliate in the school, we have an academic party that is why this class is so important.
A Mr Amarh added that the classroom is a thank-you presentation for the kings and the people of the sector, who have had a good relationship with the company from the company’s company to their area.
Mr Amarh said it is not true that the government has inflicted on maen in the country.
He claims that the government’s efforts to improve the quality of maen and not to sow it.
Mr Amarh said “What’s excruciating waste, but the locations near water and jungle regions where there is no right to go, and it will be followed by the laws of the government,” Mr. Amarh said
He admonished the maenager to go to the maens but instead to the place where they were assigned.
Amarh, also a secretary for the Ghana Association of Smallof Saniale Miners (GNASM), directed his members to help the community to improve.
He announced that the maen miners should not change their claim of destroying different communities without having access to the community.
According to him, some of the maens are trying to do the same.
“What is a lot of people in our neighborhoods who are working hard. I know that the majority of those who have built schools have been built to help with the electricity of the regions, and we have to rehabilitate them and make them feel the same way.”
The Rebeation and Abdul Samad Rabiu Africa Initiative (ASR Africa) have signed a contract with the approximately $500,000 in the Regation Foundation.
This amount will come from ASR Africa in the year and will be completed for the African Fund for SocialDevelopment and Renewal, a hundred million will come to support the Rebency Education Education program.
At the conference, the ASR African manager, Mr. Ubon Udoh, accused the party of volunteering for women and for childbearing.
The party was also introduced to the party in the process of reserving the functions of the corporation that have helped the corporate team to increase education, hygiene, and even rumors.
“We have done our research that Reaffair Foundation is an honorable organization in Ghana and encouraged ASR Africa to help them.”
The Director of the Regional Akufo-Addo, Mrs Akufo-Addo, thanked ASR Africa for their support.
He promised that the company would use the money to help the children improve their education in the country.
According to the UK government, Nnamis, who is the leader of the large population in Nigeria or the residents in the area where the Igbo people are in attendance, is unaware of the demands and promises they have taken to Nigeria.
According to the President, Interpol beside Kanu, British and Nigerian from Kwasiada, was sent to Nigeria.
The tirisin banana was also played in Nigeria in 2017 and moved from the country when she was placed in a beele.
They think they were trapped in their UK, where they believed they heard.
British Haekɔmisa spokesman announced before B.C.E. “I can
She went to Tuesday, in Nigeria to the police.
It will be returned on the Fifteenth day of Kitawonsa.
Nnamdi Kanu took his name in 2009 when he ordered the Radio Biafran service in London to come to Nigeria. As a result of the intervention of the Biafrans, he used this opportunity to induce those who followed him to rifle their Nigerian country.
Six years later, he heard the Indigenous People of Biafra (Israelite revolt against their Nigerian government.
The first day of 2015, it resulted in a lot of demonstrations.
I was thrilled to see the restoration work being done during the passing year of Independence Square.
The President dawned John Jerry Rawlings for the construction of this rehabilitation project.
The Institute of Directors-Ghana (IoD-Gh) has hit the Bank of Ghana (BoG) in an organized way to ease the economy of the company in the
They have been asked to have a special relationship with the Bank of Ghana that will help to improve the security of the corporation.
When they visited the BoG President, heavy at IoD-Gh, Mr. Rokson Kwesi Dogbegah, played an important part in the Bank of Ghana, Dr Ernest Addison, in his dispatching of the economy.
Dr Addison’s anointing has helped to improve the quality of banks in the country.
According to the statement made by the company’s officers, they went to BoG because they were on their way to treat the company’s dispatchments in Ghana and wanted to have a solid relationship with the BoG.
Commenting on the development of the IoD-Gh program, Mr. Dogbegah claims IoD-Gh is embarking on the roads to the development of corporations in the country.
He claims that the country’s democracy was also one of the steps being taken.
He pointed out that each year, the respective members of the business community and the administrators will be added to the development of the country.
He added that the corporations and other corporations have been associated with the Ghana Agent Integrated Thinking and Reporting that will help the corporation of the corporation.
Panin, who is part of the BoG department, announced that corporations are a prominent party in the economy.
He claims that the laws governing their sector, the behavior of the employees, and the like are all helpful in keeping banks in check.
He added that Ghanaians are supportive of the democracy, and he announced that BoG will also help the corporation to improve its operations as well as that banks have a major impact on the economy.
For the next year, Arteta has to put forth great effort.
As mentioned earlier, Arsenal decided to disprove Arteta as well as the clients of the locust party often took her back on the year before.
No one can say that what Arsenal did in the same way, he also played the team to bring the sector into the sector.
Many people are asking, Could Arteta be able to do the work or that the player with whom she was working might ask if she could do the job?
Arteta and Pep Guardiola worked for the reputation of being a nickname who was a manslayer and aged ninety-year-old.
The same is true of Arsenal. Many are claiming that the sector was inferior to the time Unai Emery played the role of Arteta, as was the case with Arteta in the European League.
Arteta was the military commander of Arsenal and the applicants of the Association for the applause accused him of being the one who was about to rescue them but who was going to make them feel the sadness and disadvantage of the nerves and Tottenham.
It took time for people to forget what Super League did.
But I can say that those who belong to Arsenal have nowhere to go.
It is not because Arteta is designed to create a bundle of flaxes to make a swimmer of the soccer. It is not the same as that of a jacket training in the Arsenallo chapel.
De Gea does not agree that she will be the second person.
Manchester Unitedokipa, David De Gea’s representatives, are expecting him to continue his project in a newly formed club, without any idea that David De Gea was in the necks at the locust till 2023.
The fact that I am hearing from Old Trafford is that regardless of the fact that De Gea and the apples, the first Dean Henderson’s companionship, De Geah is not allowed to live on the side of the dialogue.
I've heard that Atletio Madrid, Paris Saint Germain and Real Madrid are liked.
Thirty-five-year-old David De Gea was trapped in his luggage business, although some of the people at the club club have been cut off because he was two years old.
“The good people have become borders,” said the Mani Solskaer.
They dress and groom each other during their diagnosis and also have a good relationship with the international team.
As a result of special friendships, the newly converted people to work each day in heaven.
They gather one another to improve the quality of their labors.
I believe that the goat is accurate, but if De Gea did not become No 1, I’ll have been picked up and couldn’t have been picked up from Old Trafford.
I will return to West Brom.
The West Bromwih Albion has returned to the Premier League exactly a year when they came to league.
If the Championship is to be returned to the Premier League, it is unlikely that manihon Sam Allardye will be able to live and live again in the lucrative sector.
It is not his history that he has caused the loss of this disgraceful sector. West Brom’s officers want to live, and they have a job.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles, aon Gallagher and Okay Yokuslu, will return to their temm West Brom-Arom, to their long-term efforts to go. Matheus Pereira, solum Robson, Hal Rokusluson-Kanu, Karl Granta, to
Manchester.
Who knows how much ammirika moves in the Manchester City team?
No, not Raheem Sterling.
The Maniania Pep Guardiola deposits a tax collector on the ground and takes it to the miners for ten days.
They have the so-called builders, who could mine the so-called minerals, and Gabriel crossesus claiming that no one is missing.
Havertz can do the same.
Thomas Tusihel is coping with Kai Havertz on his second residence against Fulham.
Tuntuhel admits that Kai from Bayern Leverkusen came to Stamford Bridge, the cooking is the same as the cemetery.
You are going to a new country and there are many roadblocks to make it difficult for him. He also made COVID-19 , which gave his strength to the floor
The Tusihel believes that the Champions League fienal and the soccer year before us will be the basis for our discovery and prowess.
Solsketaer is helping to make the United States a better one.
According to the Manchester United States executives and their team of telemarketing, they also played an important part in the sector, and assured them that they could work hard.
The person doing all of this is Ole Gunner Solskaer, and I talked with some of the coworkers in the United States, and everyone saw the time when the ceremonialization was about to come in place of the throngs that he spent ten months in the round sector.
Solsketaer helped bring the Bruno Fernandes and the Namesonavani into the lucrative sector and their innovations.
Heavani has announced that he will stay with the team for a year and that his faith in Solskaer in order to stay in the lucrative party.
Paul Pogba enjoys everything and enjoys his relationship with the ma
If you are competing with the United States and are wearing them, they will usually move and win.
For example, Ed Woodward, an assistant man, Ed Woodward, he allowed Solskaer to sit and play the soccer and change the equipment needed to improve the equipment.
As a result of the creation of the Manchester United States, Solskaer has become the most important person in the sector. All those who were playing his or her back, colleagues, believed that this was a soccer.
Total-teel
Kane wants to go.
I couldn't see the exclusion with the Leeds United in the last week.
Harry Kane moves even better than all the accommodations of the soccer player; he directs the coffee on the stadium to rectify their operations.
They are competing with Leeds, and she has never seen anything like it.
I believe this is an indication that Harry wants to get out of the Spurs soccer team and is looking for a solution.
Wolves is eager to have a straeka.
Nuno Espirito Santos has found it necessary to get a straeka soccer.
Pedro Neto, the legislator and Reben Neves, who have been embroiled for the services of the mining team, thus indicated that their presence is not easy.
Fabio Silva and Raul Jimenez are also involved in injury, since Obubuo, it has not been able to competez.
Wolves’s last year has been reduced to ten times.
Wolves’s mangemor assured Nuno that he will be given money to pay for a person who knows how to live on.
The hydrocarbon month is the seventh month, and it dawned for a while to see if he could compete during the final two competitions.
She has been sitting for almost two months, and she has been accused of not playing soccer with her head, and she does not have the right to
Sir Alex has hit McTominay.
It is important to listen to a large member of the Sir Alex Ferguson language about Manchester United.
She has enjoyed ScTominay and shows that she has always competed for the United States.
Sir Alex reported that “Scott McTominay has become a major technical player in the United States.
“When you look at the names of those who are played by the United Nations, McTominay.
The trene looks like a trene.
I brought him to the club and was seven or eight years old.
He was a straeka
What is the greatest apprehension for us.
Three different types of worms have been inflamed.
A year’s kiss, Manchester United, has never been pottered at Premier League matches in their home.
If they have not won their athletic contest, Sheffield United will be the first team in 1904-1905, without success in two competitions.
Dr Madzorera announced that there must be an increase in health problems and that people should be allowed to talk with them about the disease in spite of its locality.
They also claim that they are not better than waiting for the illness to be treated before they go to the hospital.
The Minister ofaps United States, Levis Uriri, has announced that the problem in the soccer sector has been solved and all the electronic players have reconstructed the development of their contestal projects in the so-called Premier League.
In an interview with Studio 7, he announced that the money of the soccer players had been donated to them.
He added that the previous month’s wages would soon be paid. he also indicated that some unnamed people were deceiving the Ukrainians to compete for their projects.
According to the U.S. Chapter, the soccer had not received the payment of the soccer team because it was hard for everyone in the country and the government had not even brought their money to them.
Those who struggle to change the subject of analysis claim that it has to change the law of the mahyin and that it adheres to the morals of today’s time, and it also protects girls and girls
According to the Sayendisa Ndlovu of the Ndlovu of the Ndhat, the majority of the people in the country are not aware of the hygiene of the laws of the government’s commitment to the creation of the universe.
Ndlove placed it in Studio 7 for a change in the law of the pollin, which was written long ago.
Ndlove claims that psychiatric disorders, HIV/AIDS, were responsible for the possibility of developing a hygiene.
Ndlovu explained that the law does not permit any hospital institution on which the law permits the application or therapy.
Ms. Tendaishe a hundred angamire who has not revolved the possibilities of the nation’s right to right Here Right Now has to be altered in order to reduce the inconveniences
Ms a hundredngamire studies show that most women are missing their lives because they were too young.
Although most young people want to change the laws of the polygamy, some of the officers do not agree. It is said that it
Parliament in 1977 pronounced the law of the polygamy before the country’s right to freedom.
The ADC-T led by Nelson a hundred reservoirs, some of the members of the Administrators who were planning to come to the office of Harere in Morgan Tsyangirai.
This happened to some of the members of the company, led by Ms Thokozani Khupe, to accommodate the expansion of five.
“Theyan Tsyangirai (from two years after his death), the Ms Khupe has not ruled since Morgan Tsyangirai was on the verge of his death.
Along with two hundred deputies, Tendai Biti and Lynett Karenyi Core. David limping, Lovemore dating, Gladys Hywayo and others.
Passengers were said to be on their way to the party to pay attention and police arrests.
As a result of the fact that the police spokesman, Paul Nyathi, had been known for their lack of academic exercise, 7 Studio has not yet recovered from the police’s injuries.
A hundred heathen Speaker Fadzai Mahere announced that they had been kidnapped.
The Administration stated that this year, a hundred reservoirs and Khupes are not legally incompatible but is incompatible with the Ministry and that the Ms Khupe is going to interfere with the development of the ND.
As a result, Ms Khupe executed legislation on the part of the party, and the reason is that these people are not dispatched because they are not part of the part
Those released from legislation and Thabitha Khumalo, Prosper Mutseyami, Lilian Timveous, and a hundredlton Hwende.
Some Zimbabweans in other countries have announced that Robert Mugabe’s democracy had compelled them to leave the country. They say he was getting strong and respecting the country.
Political administrator at Bergen University in Norway is part of the Yibuya/May Association, Dr Visitorhuhutu, in it it is said that Agabe has played an important role in the Abimanic family, but one in Zimbabwe where nobody else is found.
Drhimhuhuhutu claims that Mugabe, who has a close relationship with Abimans, was one of the most respected of these Abimans, gave Mugabe.
Mugabe is said to be remembered by her repulsiveness and her view of the Patients as being part of the ecclesiastical community in some countries such as the United States and Britain.
The members of the Mugabe Zanu party are accused of misunderstanding or condemning those who are not part of the government.
Ale Mugabe will be put in bed for Kwasia, although she has not been put in a place where she has
The doctors and drivers who are working in the government’s hospital have rebuked the government for the end of the month when the state has not paid them, they will be placed in the next month.
The head of the Zimbabwe physician of the Fortune Nyamande, who claims that Zimbabwe’s association is also initiated by the administrator, has written a license to the government for what they want to do.
Dr Nyamande said he had written the government’s electronics to announce their revolt on the first day of the year.
It is said that they are dealing with the police in the government’s hospital that they are following the expenditure of transactions, because their wages and some money that the government promises to give them are in debt.
Dr Nyamande also rebuked the government for using a practitioner to appease the suspected registration.
The administrator of the economy, Patrick Chinamasa, announced the government’s inability to pay off some employees in this year for the lack of money.
Dr Nyamande says, “Ossa, on Chinesemasa, was picked up on paper and picked up the rugged roads through which we would be able to do the same.”
The Koogians, who were supposed to receive their wages on Monday, have received their payments and payments for their services on Tuesday. But those who perform government services, such as doctors and others, will be paid for the year before.
But many government employees who had been conversing with Studio 7 believed that they would be able to receive their reward at the appointed time.
We can talk with the officials, David Pari, about how to deal with the revolt, Prissiah Mup
“When the government’s nominal party has charged the police for harassment.
The Zimbabwen prosecutor, who has been harassed, has been accused of being picked up and picked up by seven others, the majority of the suspects, and the students who attend school in Allen Wilsonre in Harare are being treated free.
Other victims are Makomborero Haruzivishe, the former leader of the ZINASU, who comes to this day and his partner , Allan Moyo.
We have not been able to converse with the police spokesman Asmissioner Paul Nyathi because he did not speak with us in the past.
The truck of the truck, Haruzivishe and Moyo, will appear on Monday, and think about the posting of the plane.
The United Nations World Health Organization (WHO has demonstrated that Corona viruses has killed two hundred and twenty-five people in the quarter of the quarter.
For two days, people 2000 claim to have the Corona virus, and 9800 people around the world have been infected with a total of 9800.
WHO’s leader, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebrevesus, was convinced that he would do all he could to solve the problem, fearing that the disease would spread to other countries.
Politicians, Dr. Obadiah Moyo claims Zimbabwe has been using more than two quarters of approximately two quarters and other countries to determine whether they are in Corona or not.
Researchers in Zimbabwe are wearing their rooms for two weeks.
The Presidentacy of Politics, Dr Henry Madzorera, announced that Zimababwe needed a lot of money to prevent this disease.
Wednesday, Robert Mugabe, will be taken to the edge of Harare Wednesday, and will be held on the day of his funeral.
The suspect, Ms Moni Mutsvangwa, made this statement after the meeting was over.
Mr Mutsvangwa announced that the government was preparing for Mr Mugabe’s funeral service.
They were asked how the Mutsvangwa and the foreign Minister, Sibusi Moyo, had said, “which isn’t right to say when his family was still in Singapore.”
The government, including the President Mugabe’s family, is under control.
The king’s Katizagombo spokesman, Gibsoni, claimed that there was no bricks in Mugabe to be taken by the government of Emmerson Mnangwa.
On Wednesday, Wednesday, at Heroes Acre burial ground in Harare.
In other cases, the government claims that a hundred and seventy-eight Zimababwe debts have been affected in South Africa by the violence, and two Zimbabweans have lost their lives.
Moyo announced that the government was taking steps to bring the victims home.
The government also claims that the administration, like a quarter of health officials, has been expelled for sixty-nine of their crimes. Today the administrator is willing to meet the government’s economy and economy and has been tested as an administrator.
The Chief Executive, Dr Obadiah Moyo, announced that he and his ecosystems would sit down to determine whether they would be able to do the same.
The doctors placed their minings on the ground every week as their wages.
Itai Dzamara, who was also a war-torn of the Population and Heavy Africa Unquare leader, reminds the International Women’s Day today of Itai Dmara Trust.
This program was held in Highfield and was assigned to the women who attended the program as well as to other women.
The spokesman for the Dzamara family, also a member of Itai Dzamain Trust, Mr. Partson Dzamara said to Studio 7 that he saw the need to express his love for that month; the five years his brother lost in that month.
He claims that his brother took part in politics, people worked hard at social services, and he did all the time in love; and Itai Dzamara Trust came to his fine works.
He teaches his company to the Highfields, which is where Itai was born, and they are assigned to various places to help women and others without law, music and high standards.
One of the delegates was Remeberane Zuze, who announced that despite their seeing Mr. Dzamara, he was impressed by the party.
A young woman named Studio said that she has learned a lot from the modern program.
Partson Dzamara pointed out that a monument would be used to commemorate the rest of her brother on Glen View Tuesday in Harare.
According to him, a seisei did not know where his brother was or even understand his position.
He announced that those who worked with Itai Dzamara were like police officers, the crippled people, Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission, and the apprentices.
In South Africa, however, the Zimbabwean immigrants are nonetheless exploited by the terrorist attacks in South Africa.
Some Zimbabweans say South Africa has not respected an agreement with a group like the United Nations to respect the immigrants.
The Secretary of Zimbabwe, Migrant Support Network, Shelton ahiyangwa, put the Studio 7 before the Studio that no matter how important it is, immigrants in South Africa are in bondage.
Hehiyangwa said Zimbabweans in South Africa are also being harassed.
He added that his neighbours and Zimbabwens prefer letters to other countries.
The president of the Zimbabwe Exemption Permits, Gladys Mangwende, announced that his colleagues were very dissatisfied with the schedules of the miners but he was also aggressive
The president of the Human Rights Waboah in North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga, says it is important in South Africa to live as a result of the Zimbabwean immigrants in the country.
Mr. Mavhinga continued that the South African government was in violation of the law and compulsory transportation.
Zimbabwean, George Manyika also supported Mavhinga.
Gabriel Shumba , of Zimbabwe Exiles Forum, has rebuked the United Nations, AU and SAD for the attention of South Africa, and the titire and Zimbabwean people in the country.
Lions took the interest of the South African statesman, Aaron Motseledi, to reprimand their emissaries so that they could obtain their papers.
He begged the members of the Regional Association to associate with his company and to move to the townspeople to
The immigrant, Francis Mukono, announced that he did not see the value of living in South Africa as a part of life.
Another immigrant, Steven Chiweshe, announced that he did not know how to have a knife.
Mandela Madumise, South Africa’s prime minister, claims that his hearing has put him before the United Nations Rights Council to help them face the challenges facing the harassment.
Madumise claims that the end of the month’s month’s hearing will have to be seen as the solution to this problem.
It is said that some three thousand Zimbabwens have come from South Africa who claim that the government is trampled on their freedoms.
But the government of Zimbabwe claims that some people have moved to other countries to seek a better job.
There are those who work in the hospital where doctors and nurses have been deposited to their mining sites for about three days of their wages that are said to be paid and that they are
What is happening in the hospitals is getting stronger. The patients are returning home after they have not received medical attention.
The problem will be automatic, which is based on the fact that Senior Health Doctor Health Dossionnso directed that the doctors and their wages be deposed to the hospital, Dr. Aaron Musara put the Stuo 7 in front of the hospital.
Dr Musara said that although she had written a letter to the government’s offices and had been informed that she would be on the move, she had not found any answers.
The officials in the government’s hospital also have to go to work, and the government has repatriated some of the Americans who brought him to Ahinim in 2018. And when they go to work, he does not let them
The leader of Enok Dongo, Zimbabwe Hospital Doctorsion, says they have had nothing to do with the government’s discussion.
Zimbabwe’s Hospital Doctors association ServiceZHDA) spokesman Dr Tapiwa Mungofa also claims that the government does not allow the doctors to go to the hospital, and the patients are not nursing.
Mr. Mungofa reported that when the drivers in charge put their mining, the majority of their employees stayed home to protect them from COVID-19.
Studio 7 was unable to locate the government’s ability to solve this problem since it was not possible for him to speak to academically,” he added.
On the end of the week, Mr Murwira announced that he was having a conversation with one of the booths. His deputy John Mangwiro also accused Studio 7 of being criticized for their work.
The president of the Health Services Board, Dr Paulinus Sikosana, also claims that they were holding a meeting for the COVID-19 census, so that they are not able to interact with us.
Politics also point out that the government has a solution to the services of residents to caregivers who take care of the child’s disability during the time of the country’s phase of COVID-19, which has led to the loss of the twentieth century
According to the extinguisher CityCouncil, it has been prepared to rent the mining site on Monday.
The formersere Secretary, Abel Gotora, and the miners who were defrauding their houses touring their buildings, he added, and they will have to make a decision that they will build some of the buildings that some of the customers have broken.
But Mr. Gotora insisted that the former reservoir would not build all the damaged structures, but they would build the reservoir for the six who had been taken to the court.
Tafadwa Marimo, Emmanuel Ngwaru, Richard Svosve, Pepukayi Marega and Devis Shopo were among those who took the initiative to go to court.
One of these six, Emmanuel Gwaru, announced that he was impressed by the court’s decision that the government announced the repairs in their area and did not tell them to respect buildings.
Mr. Gwaru, one of the most sensitive to the problem of retaliation, was to pay the museum. Gadzema Kansela Patriciahihibaya, which was so enthusiastic that it was difficult to keep the residents of the area and force them to disprove their communities.
Mr. Gotora announced that the former census would be a new one for the fifty businessmen in the Gadzema song.
Speakers for Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Kumbirai Mafunda, say the terafik are recently approaching them to speak to them.
Many Kansere in the country are breaking down the illegal buildings.
Instead, the participants around the world are approaching the authenticity of the former
On Tuesday, on Tuesday, the suspect, Morgan Tsvangirai, who has lost his life, the majority of people are asking whether Richard Morgan Tsvangirai or Harvest belongs to the House.
The court stated that MDC-T is not before MDC-T, until the arrival of a three-month election.
Instead, the party’s response has been a staggering blow to two clients named Ian Makone and Reverend Tim Neil (andand head the Church of the Province of Central Africa or the capital.
“When the Chief Secretary of the Alliance, Charlton Hwende, believes that these two people are the only ones who can go there.
Douglas Mwonzora, a member of the party’s party Officer of the party, in 2014, shows that the party is in the hands of Makone and Neil.
They are convinced that they are not allowed to work freely. We can talk with Mr. Makone and Mr. Neil.
The Vice Chairman,ob Sikhala, claims to have come to St Marys in the ohitungwiza area where the political supporters are becoming increasingly ensnared.
Sikhala, Zengeza West legislation Parliament, claims that the police policeman, here, is looking for political support.
We also tried to converse with Mr.abangwe and did not want to answer the questions.
Studio 7 was unable to converse with police officers, Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi, without the help of the policeman, who wanted to
Rather, it is a newsletter who is desiring to discontinue the post-World Regional Regional Directionality in all countries.
The Sikhala accustomed to dismissing Emmerson Mnangagwa in front of Studio 7 for the most part, fearing that they would be trapped in their homes.
More than half a century of the people were caught in the Harare Friday, which was followed by the Memories of the day.
I would like to be exhibited in the town of the country but the police are using the Public Order and the Senniurity Actno to avoid the party in the exhibition.
The police have tried to force the MDs to protest at Harare, Bulawayo, Gweru and Masvingo.
Political analysts claim that this too can happen on Mutaresday, where MD has been planned to play on Tuesday.
Haennto's registration of the Parliament of the government’s economy and moves its Minister Ziyambi Ziyambi, Mthuli NGube, to be accused of being accused of harassed by the MDC-T in Thokozaniani Khokoweti.
The suspect, Priscilla Munangati Manongwa, said on Thursday, was disfellowed by the Ziyambi and the Nube to be able to stand at MDC-ST four, claiming that the Constitution of Conservation is allowed to be part of the party.
R7,500M would be available in RTGS.
According to experts, Nelson a hundred cents went to the site of the Administrator Khupe, and wrote to the bank that the supporters were being dispatched to finances from the political party in the Steward Bank.
Luke Tamborinyoka, a hundred dispatched MDC-T spokesman, announced his interest in the judgment.
Advocate of political leadership, Morgen Komi, administrator of the party, announced that he had taken steps to ensure that he was not being the leader of the party in the party.
According to Mr. Tamborinyoka, a hundred times the money can be obtained because the NDD has been illegally picked up by its name and went to legislation.
But Komihi said the rules must be governed by the hundreds and the others.
But, on the other hand, Harare legalist, Kudazi Kadzere, said the decision could be held within ten days.
At Ziyambi, Ziyambi told the prodio 7 in the laboratory that the cases could be reported during the period of ten days.
We can also deal with the legal sector, who is a legal agent and a retirement agent, who is also sensitive to the economy of the judicial process.
According to one lawyer, the prosecutor will give the money to the High Commission.
6.Wei is not the first day of the Commonwealth.
In 2006, the NDD Officeman Administrator of the Academy of Welshman Aube against Tsuangirai at Ahinimai on the Ahinime, who heard his own ADDD and met the exemption of all the money from the ADGA, Ysvanraigirai and Ysvanai
The Zimbabwean, Dr Rita Nyampinya of Female Prisoners Suport Trust, who had been fighting for women at the outset, said he was happy to have the 2020 International Women of the Oour of Award.
The proclamation reminds the women in the world and the United State Dpartment of International Relation to their awards.
Dr Nyampinga said he never thought about having this game and said it was so interesting to count it among the females from all over the countryside.
Dr Nyampiga said they would travel to various prisons in the United States to learn how to adapt to the situation in which they could work in a foreign country.
Dr Nyampinga said their work was urgent and also happy that others had seen their jobs.
At the beginning of the program, the Secretary of State of International Relations, Milahael Pompeo, said the work of these five women is both grateful and vital.
This project was summed up in four decades ago.
These games have been obtained from Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaian, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Niia, Pakistan, Syria, Yemen and Zimbabwe.
Mr. Pompey said this project is important because it allows for women to be employed in all parts of the earth.
Speaking at the registration, an elderly woman in the United States, Melania Trump, said she was happy about the work of the women in the air.
Mr. Pompey said he met the women who were being recruited for four years ago, who had been meeting with women who were being recruited for the last four years ago, have been meeting with women who were still playing across the world.
Dr Nyampinga announced that he had started fighting for the indiscriminate recovery during the past three decades.
Along with the team, Ms. Nyampinga beds to be played at Women Coalition Of Zimbabwe, herises in Zimbabwe, Coalition, Women Aademy on PoliticalLeadership Exelle, Women and Aids Support Network.
Other Zimbabweans have also obtained such services along with Ms. Ms. Wagadonga Mahlangu, Ms estina Muko and Ms. Beatrie Trade.
The Ministry of Politics said he had asked South Africa to do research to ensure that a Zimbabwean woman who had come from Tuesday was introduced to the Corona bacterium.
An exaggerated poll on Zimbabwe claims that it is not true. The South African National Institute of Justice Disease is the leader of experts in South Africa who can teach Coronavirus or not.
The woman, in Wilkins Hospital of Harare. Dr Portia Manangazira, a professor of disease, announced that the mother would not have the same disease or that she had none.
The kidnappings and ships from the ZUPCO department have forced people to travel, and this has led them to massacres in spite of the fact that the country is struggling to execute the COVID-19-19-19 imperial deaths in the country.
Many suffer in their journeys and tickets as well as in the mining process of taking part in the small ships.
The government has enforced a massive vacuum in order to reduce the risk of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the ZUPCO are the only ones who have been forced to carry out their habitats.
But ships do not want them to go down as soon as ZUPCO paid them.
On Monday, the private ships and the ZUPCO officials met with an effort to try to eliminate any problems that the drivers had to pay are very important.
Meanwhile, the ships were ordered to meet the officers and repair the miners.
Studio 7 is also unable to hear ZUPCO’s voice in preparation for the hardened ships.
However, the President of Harare Residents Turst, Preɔious Shumba, announced that the government had to rectify the affairs of the mining process in a short time.
Lions claim that the government has to send police and military personnel to the targets in order to comply with the laws that are designed to help the people survive the misunderstandings.
They also argued that the health-care workers were also not sitting in the adjacent ships to see that no one was HIV or COVID-19.
The company in Bulawayo and the various departments met with officials of the city to think about the damage caused by the intensity of the water crisis. This suspension lasted a while.
The Chief Executive of the warhead Business in Zimbabwe (ABUZ), Vibotor Nyoni, announced that their jobs had been damaged by the loss of their jobs and that the companies needed water for their jobs.
A Mr. Nyoni claims that the former meeting officers have promised that they will have the first week of water. The Kansere residents say they will rob them of their work after the end of the week.
Two weeks, including residents of Bulawayo, have not yet watered to make repairs for the mushrooms.
It is not because the area where the water is available is available is located.
A Mr. Nyoni says it is well-known that the town of Bulawayo was more than a hundred years ago, and the water pipes and water pipes are already overcrowded.
He called the government and the former party to solve the problem at once.
Studio 7 was unable to listen to the rebukes.
Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors reservoirs at the feet of the doctors who have been placed in their mining sites, announced that alleged doctors met on Wednesday, waiting to hear the President Emmerson Mnangawagwag.
The Bank of the convention, Dr. Prince Butau, shows that he is looking ahead to see something from Mr. Mnangagwa on Thursday or Friday.
A Mr. Mnangagwe, who was resting, approached right away to rectify the suspected doctors.
Therapy in the automobile has been disillusioned from the time the doctors placed their mining operations on ʽaeansday, the first day
But the President of Justice Working Group on Health, Ale Itai Rusike, announced that the government has been quick to alleviate all problems and that the doctors will not be able to afford them.
South Africa is playing a role in the Groote Shuur Hospital of the aape Town, where President’s vice president is being trained for treatment.
A Mrhinwenga was sent to South Africa to treat herself without treatment but had no evidence that she was in the hospital in South Africa.
The Moni Mutsvangwa and the Secretary of Politics, Ni Wangwana, say nothing was said about George a quarter, after VOA Studio 7 in Zimbabwe were interacted.
However, Studio 7 couldn't converse with a hundred undivided people that he was really hiwenga in the hospital for treatment.
Another Zimbabweer named aarloshimbi, who lives in theape Town, joined the Zimbabweans in the exhibition.
He was sadly disappointed that he had been trampled on the number of disability-stricken people in the country who knew that if he got sick, he would go to medical care in a foreign land.
She said she was happy that she had been able to share these information with the hospital during her retirement and said she had not said that Mrhiwenga was in the hospital or that she was not there.
A shimbi announced that the manager was told that he was illegal to speak to patients who would be hospitalized without a hospital.
During the last year, hehiwenga urged the officials to be unscrupulous but the government did not insertive programs to solve problems in the area where people were unable to provide health care.
Around the world, Groote Shurr Hospital is the first person in the field.
The police have urged the MDD party members of the government to hold their solemn assembly scheduled to stop stop at the time of the meeting and to be held by the President, Nelson, to apprehend the political sector of the year.
He was speaking to them on their final meeting at Harare, the Vice Chancellor, Luke Tamborinyoka, said the police were taking advantage of their massive meetings and their eyes on the growing school.
Tamborinyoka said the massive meeting took place tomorrow because the MD political party does not want the police to attack their supporters.
He announced that the police were evidently trying to collaborate with their supporters as they did when the party decided to teach them the town throughout the country.
He announced that the Auditorium entitled “Agenda 2020”, which was to continue Ms Musodzi Hall on Mbare, will be held on Tuesday for the next week.
Mr. Tamboinyoka announced that MD is tired of seeing members of the sector think that they do not obey or change their plans.
We couldn't hear anything from Zimbabwe the Speaker, Asmissioner Paul Nyathi, as his academics.
Political analysts at Masimba Kuhera announced to Studio 7 that the police were trampled on the Inquisitions.
In the following year, ZRP took the initiative to protest the development of the exhibition in the country. It is said that the exhibition was feared as if it had happened in the miscarriage.
This year Nobel peace Award has been given to Ethiopia’s President Abiy Ahmed. Norway to the custom.
He was reassembled in the peace he brought to his country and to Eritrea, which had been accustomed to some two decades ago.
The first member of thebini adopted the legislation was Albert Luthuli from South Africa in 1960.
Among them were Nelson Mandela from South Africa, Anwar Sedat of Egypt and Kofi Annan from Ghana.
Among the accommodations are the Auditorium Desmond Tutu, Liberia, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Wangari Maathai from Kenya (The Abire’s first resorted to the prosecution.
The president of Zimbabwe, Morgan Tsvangirai, was transferred to 201ll, and he was unable to retaliate.
Dr Pedzisayi Ruhanya, in Univeristy of Johannesburg, has announced that President Emmerson Mnangagwa has a broad range of vegetables to learn from Ahmed democracy.
Many elephants and animals are dying in Hwange National Park crawling and thirsty. The government is making plans to eliminate elephants from their elephants.
We went to Studio 7 in the Hwamge National Park and saw many elephants starving and thirsting.
Tinashe Farawo, a spokesman for Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority (ZimParks), said on Studio 7, during the month, elephants are rotten and deadly, and two quarters of them in this year.
The Pharaohs added that besides starving, food and water were also used to rob elephants and animals of their lives.
One elephant needs about 200 choiceds 00 p.m. and about two gallons (200 L) of water.
Today, ZimParks claims that they have some 45,000 elephants in the area.
According to the High Commissioner, ZimParks is not authentic, and they are doing so as to sell elephants.
The Advoates4Earth Association, Lenin neshisaira, admits that the death of elephants and other animal creatures is accompanied by starvation and among those who do not believe in Zimpark.
According to the government’s immigration of mining in the area where there is no such thing happening, it generates the services of the Hwange National Park.
However, Mr. Farawo reported that the suspects of being treated with the elephants and animals have increased by caring for their good jobs. It added that they could be able to come to a place where the
Zimbabwe and some countries in northeast Abirem, including Botswana, claim that they want the International ovention on the Trade in Endagered to sell their elephants on their way to him. This event has resulted in many problems for animals and protection.
This year alone, the animals killed three thirds of them.
THE ITES conference in the state of Geneva, Switzerland, was held in the same month, the party did not consent to remove the rafter from the foot.
An executive of the Safari Operators associationof Zimbabwe, Emmanuel Fundira, announced the need for ITES and the aggressive intervention of these elephants to bring about Zimbabwe and other countries.
In Studio 7, the government is trying to unite with other nations and to support theES.
They also said that the elephants could be transported to other countries of the polish.
Hwange National Park was opened in 1928 and was the most significant part of the country.
The park was over ten thousand square miles [ 14,000 sq km ] long and the elephants 2000 took place.
The Secretary of the Football Union of Zimbabwe, FUZ, Paul Gundani died in Kwekwe Wednesday. He suffered a short stroke.
Until now, they have not seen the exact chance of death.
Gundani died in Topomasi Private Hospital, Kwekwe.
According to the Association, the auditorium was responsible for the growth of the dead and it would be harder to put everything into its sleep because the team was good to help the locusts.
The Gundani who played soccer Zisgyeo Steel, who returned to the Young Warriors, continued to make it easier for us to bearriors to be called “Dream Team”, a Reinard Fabish.
FUZ was on the dawn, Marlene Gadzirayi, claiming that he was on the verge of Gundani.
Ms Gadzirayiyiyi rebuked Studio 7, “I’m sorry and reminiscent with them when we were thinking about how to continue. I heard it today that they were missing but that I didn't know what Mr. Gundani did.
The Gadzirayi says the country has lost much of the soccer. Mr. Gadzirayi further insisted that he was unconscious and waiting for the time to come to the close of the family.
The Zimbabwe Football association has made it known to them in their approximately, Gundani’s death , and they will be able to support the family throughout the funeral.
ZIFA Communications agent Xolisani Gwesele said the Gundani's death was a national tragedy and it would be hard to find a loving person who made the games.
Gwesela wrote in ZIFAtentan mining, “You’re at Paul Gundani’.
The President, Robert Mugabe, could not be taken to his home in Zyimba, as his wife , Grace Mugabe, to be sick.
Some family members will say the corpse will arrive at Zyimba Monday.
A thousand people await the bodies of the President Mugabe now in Zyimba afternoon.
The Mugabe family, the Mugabe nana, Leo Mugabe, announced that the Mugabe’s body is now known and that he is not aware of the existence of King Zyimba.
Leo Mugabe said the corpse would come home early in the morning.
However, the king, Katizagombo, also called Gibson, also claims that the corpse was looking for the sons of Zyimba because Mrs. Grace Mugabe was sick.
The king Katizogombo further stated that the corpse would be on the government until the day of the burial.
But this was the case with Leo Mugabe, who said the Mugabe corpse would be in the throat of her family until the price was completed.
According to the President Mugabe, the father of the most populous system, the Mugabe’s corpse will come or when it is still late for three days.
Leo Mugabe said the Mugabe corpse would be in the same day in Zyimba, and later it would be brought to Harare, where he was to be buried.
Leo Mugabe announced that there was a need in the President Mugabe home in Harare.
One group member of the MDC-T nominal Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Directional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regionalization said he was going to ensured that he was
The construction of Mr. Mugabe’s funerals has taken many lives in the country. They think Mr. Mugabe was responsible for the development of her death.
Mr Mugabe died in Singapore during the nineth month and on the sixth day during a long period of illness.
The Ecumenical team of teachers named Amalgamted Rural Teachers Union or ARTUZ in Zimbabwe says their hometown of Godfrey, who was diagnosed with the results of the investigation, took the police to apprehend every two hours a person could not understand.
However, he has been released from his ARTUZ to starvation in the Central region’s hygiene that he has been forced to meet with the suspects of Gweru.
ARTUZ patron Obert Masaraure said the excavators’s revolt from the revolt in which they had been revoked was reduced to two days.
According to Masaraure, some of the citizen members of the team are also revolting to help the team.
The exhibition was completed on Wednesday.
But Masaraure said the meeting would be held after the revolt and the ceremonial action would be taken.
We are not able to meet the Minister of apathy, Mrs. Sekai Nzenza, and we have asked the government about the matter but not according to the ancients.
The Platinum AF Champions League has given the public many questions about Zimbabwelocation.
For example, F Chief Platinum might be able to deal with Esperans who have children or who can celebrate the Horoya Athleti, with seven children in the competition. They failed in their own home and in a foreign country at the outset of Horoyas.
For one of these coins, F Chief Platinum has obtained an approximately one of the fruits of the approximately one of the four stages of the Appendixis, the other is being projected to accommodate the administrator Spener Mushambadope.
Mushambadope says there's no seed in the rest of the stadium.
In the past year, the team was responsible for the first phase of the competition. Angola Primeiro de Agosto and was released from Lunda when they were again in their home.
During the second and seven thousand years, heaps United took hold of the small arms of the contest, not to mention that Al Ahli Tripolis from Lybia were forced to spend two of them in their own home.
In that same year, Ngezi Platinum Stars, who were about to build Zimbabwe in the adventures of the minerals, set off a contest from Angola Libolo during their conquest.
During the second and six thousand years, Harare Citya was the one in the same athletic competition. At the same time, Zanao, Zambia, was forced to pay two debts to one in Rufaro Stadium and to 3-1 in Zambia.
According to this, the patriotic sector cannot stand in front of the Abiman sector, as did Dynamos in the past, and Dynamos maneuvered the knife of the Champions Leaguekansies in eightteenth and 4,000 in the year.
Adding to the problem, Fbo Platinum has produced just one seed in four auditoriums, not one, but one child, and six
The problem is that when a group of volunteers were victorious and all the rest of the Society in Zimbabwe were showing this in Abirem, what was happening to the nation?
The Vice Chancellor of the United States, Tinashe Musebi, says it is necessary for the growth of the ball to develop before Zimbabwe hits the international team into Lesotho, Botswana and Swaziland.
The High Commissioner Farai Kambamura says, Zimababwe census can't compete in Abire, since the apprentices helped all the towns to evacuate South Africa as they competed in Abire.
During the passing year, F. Platinum lost Gerald Takwara, Elvis ahiphipeze and Talent, a year of defeat at the Rodwellhinyanene, which took place in Baroka.
However, John reaffirmed the Lengthens team to the Premier League, administrator of the Ghana Association, claiming that Zimbabwe has to revive the ratio in the country to pay the lucrative wages to South Africa and Zambia.
According to Seisei, Zimbabwe has only two types of playing games, so heastle Lager Premier League and hiku Superperi, the last year of Zifa is two thousand and a year.
Holocaust Musa Masepe says Zimbabwe don’t have a gift, and some people want to get it or something else because of their reward.
This will take place long before the teams in the country could compete with the rest of Abimans.
The elections of the Democratic Party are at the US electromagnetization of the President of the Obuo vaccuum, which has been elected to New York Mayor Mihael Bloomberg.
Bloomberg, who has become a very wealthy man, has not stopped in the name of her solection in the name of her company in the election’s jewelry prosecutor, a RePublican political spokesman Donald Trump.
Mr. Bloomberg announced that the previous year, he was about to come to the party. He added more than $400. That money belongs to them.
The prosecutor did not stand in the city of Iowa and New Hampshire. Nor did he stop by-election at Navada and South aarolina during the phase of the nineteenth districts, where the Democratic Party Committee would be held in four stages.
When Bloomberg decided to go to the office, the party’s citizens were sleeping, like the Bernie Sanders, in the legs of Vermont and Warren, who stood at the Massahuts in four corners of his history.
Speaking on the arrival of the Nevada party conference, Mr. Sanders said that in order to win Mr. Trump, there is a need to gather as large as possible in AmErica’s history.
Mr. Sanders said that Mr. Bloomberg was a well-known person in New York to try to convince him that he was going to be hanging and that he was looking closely at the Africans and Latins. He said that this approach has helped many people to believe that Trump was
But Bloomberg refuted Mr. Sanders, saying that Mr. Sanders, who was taking the lead in the election, has been appointed leader of the Democratic Party party in the public elections that will be held in Mr Trump during the previous four years.
The Constitutional analyst of the Zanu PF Association, Frank Guni, said that the contest itself clearly stood between Sanders and Bloomberg. It is evident that Sanderi
According to Guni, Bloomberg and Sanders are standing in the jacket in order to win Trump.
Some observers at the Democratic Party party say: Barak Obama was sleeping in Biden; Minnesota was the date of Amy Klobu lu and the date of South Bend Indiana and Petni, Pete Buttig.
The Democratic Party party is 3,979 deligetes, and before anyone could be appointed to take the lead in the political party, he must have 1,990 redlegates.
Adding to the auditorium, we have a special sweetligates, which will be held at the Democratic convention at Kitawonsa, at Wionsin at 4,750 delegates and 2,200 presents at the meeting.
Many people go to banks early in the morning with the conviction that they will be able to make the most of the world’s lucrative banking sites but are not measured.
According to Studio 7 in the banks of Harare, Bulawayo, a quarter, Masvingo, Mutare, Gweru, and the rest of the cities of Gweru, no banks have been able to make the most of the banks.
According to one of the bankers, Marwira, she has waited for the same day since she heard from the news that she was about to bring a new one.
Mr. Marwira announced the importance of buying money on the Internet and saying that it must have been possible for people like him to have a bank account.
A man who was buying and selling money on the streets who refused to use his name and said to Studio 7 that he was looking at the new coins but did not see anything.
The RBZ, a bank, announced, will show a new policy of preservation that will affect the country’s need.
The Governor of RBZ, John Mangudya, has announced that he will bring up $2M to a voice of $2.5 per per per
Banks, Webster Rusere, Webster Rusere, announced that some of the banks had received the money or that RBZ was the only one reported.
Unemployment has resulted in the nation’s repugnance. Some people who are saddened by money but others say it is an example of punishment.
The Zimbabwean residents of South Africa were extremely sensitive to burns suspecting that they were some of South African citizens who were unwilling to find a job with foreigners.
The South African minister of the police, Bheki Jele; the traveling minister, Fikile Mbala; and the Minister of transportation, Thulas Nxesi, and drivers at the trucks, warped for business and owners to warn their trucks.
Jele warned high officials that they would be forced to cheat because the economy was being damaged.
But after two hours of talk, a huge debt was set up in N2 in Durban.
The spokesman for the police, Superinendent Parboo Sewpersad, announced that the newly installed operations.
At the end of the eighth week, the Zimbabweans were extremely poor, fired in KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng.
The headlines of Zimbabwe Exiles Forum, Gabriel Shumba, said they have set sails on the roads of SA.
Basing on South Africa’s Zimbabwe Exemption Permits four, Edward Muatuta announced that the incident took place, he and other officers were also involved in the proposal of the government.
One of the officers, George Nanyika, called for a conversation.
Davie Munadawawawa, another driver, announced that he was afraid of losing his life.
Disappointment continues that most drivers are unaware of their future.
The South African police officer, Bheki Jele, warned the police that the police were going to take decisive action against those who were burning. That is what helped to stop their debts from doing what they were doing.
Lions say to Studio 7, the incident is the fact that South Africa’s citizens have said the country has never been driven by other countries.
Shumba has also accused the media that they have been able to discontinue the matter.
The Lions further stated that their company has written in a letter to foreigners in South Africa and Zimbabwe asking them to work and solve this problem.
Dewa Mavhinga , director of the state of Human Rights Wa purchaseh in North Abireh, protested this question and advised everyone who used it to travel at night.
The country’s economy is on the move to South Africa to seek work in South Africa, and it has been a problem because South Africa’s citizens are talking to foreigners about unemployment.
The court ordered that the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ coalition Chairman Dr. Peter Magombeyi should be sent to South Africa to receive treatment after the day of the tenth month.
The United States is returning to Zimbabwe on $42M. The money will be purchased for one million people from the previous month to the country’s customer market, 2020.
The villagers of Gwanda in Matabeleland or south told Studio 7 that there is no hammer in the government’s time and that the private sector is doing some good.
The United States mampanin, Donald Trump, will speak to the hated United Nations team in New York.
The leaders are meeting with Harare Citykansere for ways to solve the problem of the city’s water
For example, consider what young people can do to reduce the economy in the country to reduce the likelihood that they are battering in other countries where harassment affects foreigners.
If you would like to listen to this program or to send a message from Studio 7, use WhatsApp to 001-202-465-0318.
To listen to Studio 7, you will be able to spend an average of 909, 4930 in the morning; 6040, and 15460 kilohpats a day in Short Wave.
You can hear about Studio 7 at six o " clock, Monday, 909am, 4930, 7270 and 9885 in Short Wave.
Zimbabwe and the world as a whole were trapped in the International Women " s Day , which many women are saying they are often accused of being thoughtless and unwelcome by the people of the country.
While it is true that Zimbabweans have a high standard of equality between women and men, talking with many women shows that they are not interested in government, political parties, churches, or businesses to ensure that this event will happen.
The Vice Chapter, also a lawyer, A lady of Tuessy Maome, told Studio 7 that women in the country are under the threshold of this men who have been seized in courts.
It is said that the nation’s opportunity to provide the opportunity to reconcile with men is said to be approachable for obeying the law.
An executive of Zimbabwe Women Lawyers associationano, Abigail Matsvai, told Studio 7 that today is a very important and necessary day to encourage government officials to comply with the rules of men and women.
One of the women and the members of the Association, Mrs. Tsungirai Hungwe-sibunde, dated Studio 7 to discuss the importance of teaching people about equality.
According to him, he is trying to converse with political parties and to give the chance to the election so that it is too late for most women.
This year the anniversary of the approximateates the Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for a hundrednge.
Mr. Maome shows that according to the election, the combination of the appendix must have used its power to help women and men to increase their risks in the 2023 election.
Sister Matsvai has also supported the sector of the sector.
Mr. Maome added that women are involved in playing and playing games with them to get men to attack.
He said it is clear that the majority of men in the party are unwilling to get out of the area, and that is why the women are not at fault.
Eighteen days of the International Women’s Day are spent each year. This day, they teach even females in the marketplace, politics, and other fields, showing that women have the right to have men.
In the Gokwe region of Midlands, the administrative teams were assigned to various locations. The leader Nelsonsonsonmisa took control of the ohitungiza.
The proclamation industry, including the Zimbabwe Human Right Commission, has also announced that it is difficult for women to go ahead and that the economy is not going on.
Zimbabweace Prroject also introduced the program as a protest against the efforts of those who trampled on the interest of the people throughout the country.
Apadie has asked the young personnel to leave the job for eight hours to go to work because their revolt is illegal.
Apadie prosecutor Rodgers Manyangadze and Lawrenama Murasi have given doctors two days to work.
The court also answered that the telescope between the doctors and the government had given them two weeks to dissatisfaction with the children.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ reputable dad, Doctor Masimba Ndoro says despite her excavations, the doctors are not willing to go to work.
Studio 7 asked him if they didn't think they would be afraid of losing their jobs, Dr. Ndoro, to say that those who have taken their jobs should go to work.
The truck’s decision to Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ Assosiiation, Doug aoltart claims that the court does not agree with what is said.
Mr. ohart also stated that if the doctors wanted to, he had the opportunity to go up to the court’s judgment.
Studio 7 cannot hear the arguments of the Minister of Politics, Dr. Obadiah Mayo and Health Service Board.
The doctors placed their mining on the date, which they said they had no job.
The officers who go to work are also in the room on Thursday, which are said to be their wages and hospital conditions.
THE government has announced that the auditorium idai has destroyed the Centralaland region and that this museum will continue to harass people there.
Speaking with Studio 7 inviting the national executives of the country,son Taylor, a USAIDID manager who oversees the relief work, said he was working with the relief teams to build houses and build them up to make a living.
Taylor announced that the magnitude of the Manialand region has been the most powerful force for the government by Zimbabwe.
Taylor, who visited the Manialand area and brought food to them, claims that she was agitated when she saw the people in the region were getting drunk.
She said that she saw them in a sad state, saying it was necessary for people in Manialand to have such accommodations as food and shelter.
According to Taylor, the administrator and anhiping, the suspects were missing out on their party because of their lack of support from the government.
USAID, the government of Zimbabwe, on the other hand, will send experts to Zimbabwe to teach people about how to know when and where the storm will come and how to protect people and property.
The United States has been $2.6M at the time of the explosion of Idai.
The Zimbabwe government, the United Nations and the NGOs agencies have set up a project that they have been looking for $60M to care for the victims of the auditorium Idai.
It is thought that 300,000 people need help in the Manialand area and 129,00 of them are young.
Nine of the Mansini, who manufactured Idai, have been damaged by a hundred and a half-school school and has damaged the lives of 90,000 professionals.
According to the government, 300 were numbered, and 399 lost their lives.
They are expecting too many people to go ahead.
Some patients say they are accepting medical treatment in a foreign land because they have not been retaliated with a child-care professional and are lazy to kill in a hospital where there is no medical treatment.
According to Studio 7, some patients are traveling to other countries such as South Africa, Botswana and Zambia to accept medical treatment in the rehabilitation of residents.
One of the patients we talked to in Pari about eating, Mrs. Molline Wollindo, said that he often comes to the hospital to want medical attention but nothing goes on.
A ladydove said she was going to South Africa for medical treatment because she feared that she would kill her during her dehydration.
One of her relatives, Fiona Muwawa, said she had nothing to do to take her to Zambia tomorrow for treatment.
A survey of 7 by Studio indicated that the public hospital in which the hospital was closed is heading, and many are struggling to get out of the state hospital to take care of the
Wilbert Speaknze said his wife has been transferred to the Presidential General Hospital to care for her in the private hospital in the ohitungiza.
Speakingze says every day a truck drives from the office to the ogugugugugugugueza has led to a blissful recovery.
Health Services Board has announced that young people who are involved in vacation will return to work as soon as possible.
The prosecutor has also told all the rebels to set aside their jobs and to return for business purposes.
This is the case of the President’s jawelfhiwenga to announce to all the officers that they should not delegate their businesses.
However, the Zimbabwe Doctors for Human Rights says that the government has illegally exempted foreign residents from the posting of a funeral service.
The ultimatum Lionel Messi, who played soccer that Argentina and the French team in Spain named Barcelona to strike downlona for the country of Argentina, could not afford a single cup.
Messi introduced the incident to the ambulance of AmErica Assemblies in the United States where Argentina celebrated the last lucrative pottery during the contest took place. This was the second time when she threw the jacket into the cup in Argentina.
Hehile forced Argentina on Kwasiada, after Franciszaro Silva hit theloh in Argentina, and went tookipa Sergio Romero to do nothing about it.
The two countries fought alone at 82,000 people in East Rutherford, New Yorkey.
All the countries heopa AmErica are located in North and South AmErica.
During the last three years, Argentina deposited the pottery at the hile, while fighting without any interference. Messi could not force its head, Argentina, took 4-2 centre in the panaatis.
Then Messi announced to the Ty Finni Sports Programme to strike down down on the lungs of Argentina, since he couldn't take the cup even though it was an academic.
Messi is nine years old.
Barcelona has taken the cup of Champions League into a quarter.
Certain patients in Bulawayo are still in the city government hospital because of a four-day breakdown strike.
When Studio 7 got to the Mpilo hospital, some patients who had the disease were as big as pregnant women who had recuperated their customers and were allowed to go home.
A couple named Ass. Dlamini and Studio were speaking to him as he picked up his legs (including water), and they told him that they couldn't see the doctor and return home.
We want to talk to Mr. Leonard Mabande, the director of the hospital, and he tells us how to speak with Zolani Ndlovu, who is the chief of medifect, and he claims that he is not able to talk to him now.
The facilities where patients have been deposed to their home have been deposited in the United Bulawayo hospital. Dr Naisaus Dzvanga, the best management of the hospital, is said to have the hospital recruited for the patients.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors association spokesman, Dr Mthabisi Bhebhe, said doctors are still using their minings even though the government has ordered them to go to work. They say they have not heard anything from the government
Dr Ndlovu points out the inconveniences in a hospital where they are asked to go to work because they are not satisfied with the necessities of life.
Studio 7 cannot share the sentiments of Dr Obadiah Moyo, who is a manager of high officials, without hearing the government’s arguments about the matter.
But Dr. Mangwiro put the Studio above 7, but now they are unable to preach to the country. The Secretary-General Dr. Gerald Gwinii could not be the same with us.
Referring to Bulawayo Metropolitan Provintan Provintan and Studio, the suspects have been on the move for some time, and it is a sad fact that the government has been neglecting some people to lose their lives.
The government authorities placed their mining on Saturdays and most of them at the government administrative hospital.
Barry Daka, a pair and a locan for Highlanders, died after she suffered a short stroke.
His daughter Lorraine named Studio 7 in front of their home today in Barbourfield.
According to him, Kwasia was sick and a necklace was picked up at Barbourfields Stadium and is believed to be lazy and killed.
The Highlanders announced to their Twitter that their death had hurt them and added that they were weeping with their family members and their applause.
The Association of Holocades pointed out that Mr. Daka signed his koogyi work in 1986 and took them into custody with the many cups, including the Independence hehibuku Trophy, Rothmans Shield and NetBrew.
Mr. Daka’s funeral has not yet come out.
Thomas Mapfumo, a heavy-metal singer, will say the Zimbabweans who will be protested by their President Robert Mugabe in the United Nations General Assembly on New York during our previous month.
Mr. Mapfumo said it is important for the Zimbabweans to express their dissatisfaction with their country and to express themselves in the way they act.
Mr. Mapfumo will not resort to promiscuity during the exhibition, and he and the Zimbabweans will join the international government to introduce the President Mugabe of the country with a change of heart.
Mapfumo told Studio 7, “When but in New York, we are protesting against the corruption and oppression of the government by the Mugabe government, on the Zimbabweans.
We are looking forward to the #Thisflag, a clergyman named Evans Mawarie, Tai’s ecclesiastical Association of Africa Unity Square, NGOs and Zimbabwe parties, as part of this exhibition.
Among the delegates was Patson Dzamara , a war-torn of Itai Dzamara, the youngest of these missing members of the year.
According to Amalgamated Rural Teachers of Zimbabwe.
Obert Masaure, leader of ARTUZ, explained to Studio 7 that the company is not pleased to see nonreligious professionals playing their musical instruments, rings, and needy teachers.
According to Masaraure, the teachers are dischargeing themselves and their family members by resigning them to find other jobs.
We can talk to the Minister of Education, professor Paul Mavhima, without being able to converse with him.
According to Ahinime’s global recognition to advertising the problem of breast cancer among the women, he reduced meeting Zimbabwe to the concern that some people have no idea of the disease in the country.
The ceremonies of the state indicate that those who suffer from cancer have been exposed to psychiatric disorders before they go to those who have volunteered to help care for those who have cancer. As a result,
Priscilla Mangwiro, an academy of theater association Zimbabwe concubine, has said patients should be treated with cancer.
Miss Mangwiro shows that people need to be kissed to the hospital to check out their bodies to see if they have cancer.
Ms. Mangwiro claims that cancer is a second disease in Zimbabwe.
Mr. Mangwiro says that from the first day of Ahinime’s menstruation on the strike of cancer, his company and more than half of them have been tested for their services or for some of the other officials to the end of the month.
When she heard about the harassment restaurants in Zimbabwe, Gertrude Magwaniza announced that she had taken her daughter there and had cancer among her members.
Ms. Mangwira claims that many bottles are the key to the development of breast cancer in women.
Miss Mangwira announced that they must be aware of the developments of women. They learn that they have cancer or that they have cancer.
Mss. Mangwiro said that the majority of women think that they are going to die if they have cancer, but many more so-called embroidered ecosystems are going to be
Ms. Mangwiro claims that one of the causes of cancer is the multiplying number of foods containing oil.
Miss Mangwiro has advised women to use these techniques to check on their cancers or their partners and to give them knowledge about their pain.
More than five thousand people are suffering each year and are exposed to the risky disease that most people will be exposed to infectious diseases.
The government, Petertrade, claims that if the government insists that it is purchased or purchased, the oil oil has never been used.
According to his statements, the Chief Chairman of the Defense Commission, Petertrade, da da dawned on Godfrey, announced that the sale of a corporation or selling oil was the same as it was.
Mr. Nube believed that this would increase the value of heaven but that is the only way the country could solve the problem.
Mr. Nube announced that the government is waiting for oil to grow in the country and that there will be plenty of oil in the future.
According to Mr. Nube, the government’s example of the consuming of oil was said, the six-month month of the mining year was sold to a million gallons of oil, but during this entire year, it has been sold to only three million gallons of liquids.
When he was asked how to repair the oil reservoir, the Secretary for the kitchen, Gloria Magombo, said the problem was not going to affect the people in the country.
He also claims that the problem is being solved by all the country and that it is not the same as that of the people.
Ms. Magombo is explaining his intention to purchase automobile oil as the governor of CentralBank, John Mangudya, announced that the sales would indicate the expenditure of your truck’s oil truck, and it was announced that it would not come down on the COVID-19 pandemic.
Mr. Magombo announced that he couldn't explain the date, regardless of the fact that Mr. Mangudya told the mining month that he hoped that the Appendix was not able to complete the project in order to use it as
According to Ms. Magombo, the members of the Magombo of the illegal sector, today, the ambulance of the miners in their country, was placed in place of the Amtro-
The explosion announced that they were thinking that the petroleum was on the rise in the country.
This Saturday, the Zimbabueseans celebrated their 40-day celebrations of freeing white people from slavery to blacks
These blacks attracted the hope that one day the Villages would be freed
However, the aftermath of the country’s independence has worsened the situation, not even the jobs they are caring for their family
They are not even aware of what they are doing or what the future holds for them
Health problems are far more serious than if the nation were looking for them
Spend those who are doing the work on a regular basis to draw on their highways
The President Emmerson Mnanagagwa, who has been sent to 2017, has been accustomed to the civilization of President Robert Mugabe by the military executives.
Some of them , however , do not deliberately take sides with the fact that things were getting out of
The ZanuPF political party has done nothing for the nation forty years
The secretary of the Zanuny Federation of the Ninevites is like Regis a hundred rumbira
Alejandbira said that her company has completed analysis of the academic participants, including those who have not owned it, must have access to local residents
But Timothy Muringai, the deputy Secretary of MDC-T, could not keep his promise.
They say things have gone wrong for many years in the marketplace, in the middle of health, in the workplace, and for many people to live at home
Attorney Ntabazinduna Nhlanhlayamangwe Ndiweni or Lord Felix Ndiweni and put the High before him for 18 years to rehabilitate
Ishe and 23 others are being denied the walls of Feti Mbele that they want to leave the province of Ntabazinduna
This is what causes the suspects to come to Mbele " s wife with whom you sent. Nonkangelo Mpengesi
An acquaintance of the Lord, Dumisani Dube, told the judge of 7, that he did not respect the kings of his office
The famous player Thomas Mukanyanya Mapfumo said he is expecting to sing a song during this month’s explosion
This work was done in Eugene, Oregon of the American country called Trakdown Studios. Dr. Mapfumo told Studio 7 that only 15 music had been produced
Haennto has ordered that Heal Zimbabue President, Rashid Mahiya, have a chance to eat at home
Mahiya, who is in prison, is expecting him to be released from sleep, but the police are willing to finish their papers.
Mahiya law professor of Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Tonderayi Bhatasara , told Studio 7 that the court took the Mahiya passports along with the $ 1,000 investment
“The trial took place, because we were looking forward to resigning the court. Bhatasara told VOA " s Studio 7
Mahiya is one of the victims who take the initiative to disprove the government
Speaking to the Secretary of Zimbabwe MedicalAssoiation, Sanniehirisa, he said he had a letter from an officer who was ordering him to keep his job.
hirisa, a surgeon general, said that jobs have increased the number of jobs to ecologists, as a result of the straikes.
According to hrirsa, for the job to be successful, young adults need to work
A Mr.hirisa spoke up saying that hospitals are rampant by about 533 dogmatologists for the job
The author for Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Assosoiation, Mthabisi Anele Bhebhe, said that he was not interested in what the President was saying he was sitting in the oonstantino newenga and said the underworld at school.
The so-called operator was taken to lead the government " s conversations with the doctors who lived in the home and with the restaurants
Many of their footsteps have been criticized during military service
The agencies say the government should give them the tip and salary they use during their work and rent their wages.
The government , however , refused to do what they were saying
They were able to hear the consumer who cared for health, Mr. Obadia Moyo, who went to the bricks
The Labor compulsory has discarded the government " s license to take no notes
Doug ooltart, executive of Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctor " s office in Labor , and in Labor , claims that there are no better letters from the Health Services Board, HSB .
The court order ordered the HSB " prosecutor to work on the missing cards
But the doctors say they are going to court to return to work
The deputy President of this Association dawn on Masiba Ndoro said that his job was needed to be done daily
Small doctors went to 3 straeke vows not to use weapons
Patients of Zimbabwe Senior Hospital Doctors " office also went to the straeke Thursday , whereas their wages were low and no cheap
The senior health-care professionals who initiated them said that it is life-threatening for doctors to go to work without the use of their
The doctors also accused the government of approximately 60% of wages and misunderstandings
At the same time, two doctors in the University of Zimbabwe have been trapped in the straekis, and some are unable to quit their jobs.
Dr. Bothwell Mbuvayego has also been suspended and taken in a monarchy
Dr. Mbuvayesanguo gained the name of himself, which was designed to make ageri for the heads of the in 2014, Dr. Wake is approaching in the margin.
Zimbabweionof Doctors for Human Rights has denounced Dr. Mbuvayesangano on the back
We cannot hear the press University of Zimbabwe or the government report on nursing
However, the journal Health Minister Obadiah Moyo suggests that doctors return to work
According to Moyo, the government is dispatching the results of the trial, and the government’s
Patients heard a 3-page attack by claiming to have no money to go to work
The government and the foreigners have reassigned a waral to India and the jaw
As they talk through the hear-up treaty with Viatoria aonsulting, Winston dehitando, the government is concerned that the country will take action.
Hehitando said Zimbabwe was beating 25 million tons of coal , but they were expecting 3 million to go anywhere
He also said that the coal was sent to India every year
At the same time, President Emerson Mnanagwa said Zimbabweans could not benefit fully from the relationship between the two countries.
Studio 7 has been unable to identify that company with Viatoria aonsulting , and who is the final supervisor
However, Gifthimanike is not aware of the reason why the Zimbabweans should be aware of this report on the part of the mineral government.
Eager Epidemist, Musha, made the same point
Alejandrite also said that the relationship between him and other nations should be treated as rude
The mineral swearings are based on the coconuts, a coah’s father, and 29 locations
The two teams of the Hwange oolliery and Mountain Resourgies are the most successful excavators
Three Members of the MDC-T party led by hundred Nelson are accused at Harare Friday, and were released at $ 1,000
Speaking to a hundred judges, the Vice President Bianador, claims that these two deputies have taken Tendai Biti and Ms. Lynett Karenyi Core, their Secretary Ms. Gladys Hlatywayo, the Chief Agent, Tomite, and the Police.
These men are commanded to pay $1,000 for the home of Morgan Tsvangirai
Made said the customers were going to go back to 24, by the demands they received from the police to listen to them.
When Studio 7 speaks about the judgment, one of the albums, the Ale District, said the court had pressured the people to use their dies and tests.
Mr. MuChadehama also stated that although three people were accused of immigrating against the truck, the customers went to the truck, they were reassigned to the police for breaking 19 law.
The six doctors have also addressed the court procedure
A Ale MuChadehama also claims that the victims are unable to protect themselves and that they are able to use the auditorium in 19 of OOVIDs
The director of the Governing Body, Nelson a hundred, has said he will continue to fight to change the country regardless of how many people are involved
Ms. Give an opportunity to discuss with them that the party is an administrator, Womberaishe Nhende, in the hospital
Mr. Nhende , who said that he was hurt when he was arrested , is in the hospital
In other cases, Zimbabwe, Lawyers for Human Rights, claims that the President Emmerson Mnangagwadom " s retirement agency was closed to $ 300
This office, Shungudzemoyo, will be at home
Healing and Deliveran (PHDUry Minanries, Walter Magaya, who has also talked about Zimbabwe, was referring to Aguma’s ARVs that contributed to HIV/AIDSa and to the results.
Speaking to Studio 7, he said that on the night of his prayer on Wednesday, Francistown, Botswana, Mr. M Father said he was not willing to stop his discussions with the policemen who had been shattered by 2018 to say that he had found HOVIDS .
After completing his long record of HIV/AIDS, Mr. Magawa pays $700 for a believer
But this incident did not halt Mr. Magaya, who told Studio 7 that he was working with the company that he did not want to call their names and that he was exposed to HIV/AIDS
According to Mr. Magaya , HIV?AIDS is a problem for blacks , so he orders all nations to be able to work safely and effective
Alejand. Magawa is ready to work with other nations by discovering that Zimbabwe has not been her intention to diagnose the disease.
On the contrary, the statements against Magaya in Zimbabwe, Aretha Midiɔal companyno, have found that they were not registered at the Meditroines atrol Authority of Zimbabwe, and as a result, the Health Professsions Authority has not been allowed to consult the Agumassssssions Authority for a medicine or a job
Dr. Francistown, Sengaphi Khuzwayo, a doctor in the hospital’s physics, protesting Magaya’s
Alejah Magaya has already taken the initiative to discontinue the situation after it was announced that she had raped a woman.
According to the unscrupulous monarchy, the ambassadors are going to the tribulation in the hospital like those in the opera General Hospital.
Ms. Lisa Sibanda is an exhausted woman in postpartum depression
Ms. Sibanda said that her only-begotten daughter died while she was born on Tuesday, but there was no doctor who had helped her to kill her son.
Ms. Sibanda said the serious problem was washing the edges of her ovix as a result of illness
Ms. Sibanda said they are on their way to a halt of water, thus enabling them to go to the hospital room
Erasmus Zindoga , who brought his wife to Kariba , said that she had not received any medical treatment but had not been prepared to care for her wife
Zindoga said that in advance , Kariba was moving to a quarter of 250 miles [ 250 km ] away in the hospital
We have not heard too many women who are going through tribulation in a dirty hospital that takes people from such places as Kariba, Hurungwe, Karoi, Makonde and Zwimba
The Mashonaland West healer Tapiwa Dhliwayo said doctors should go anywhere in the area
On the contrary, he added that alleged women who have an abortion should be treated as if they were in a diagnosis.
Experienced by extinguishers, Tiwawao Mlauzi said the last week, he said that the total number of the 120,000 people were on their way to the crisis by three phases of the
Kansa association Zimbabwe appeals to the public for permission and for the use of obstetrics in the field of treatment
More than 5,000 people are infected each year in Zimbabwe and most are exposed to this disease
The town’s President, unior Mavhu, has the idea of looking for women and men to see how they can help them
It has been said that there are many others in this country, especially women although they have very good men
One of the initiatives is pressuring both women and men to take part in the program at which they are looking forward to the start of the first month of Ahinime, and they have celebrated the first month of the world
The whole world is expecting them to stay in this month and expect them to remember the gossip and how to protect themselves
Ms. Mavhu thinks that we do not always look at everyone so that we can cope with the illness and not hear it.
The Zimbabweans celebrate their two-day celebrations on Saturdays at Harare " s three-story miners who came to the plates of elections to explain the unbelief of 2018
This execution took place all over the corners of the world through the media’s international agencies and was supervised by Robert Mugabe as a result of its developments in Zanu Pfni, Emmerson M
Mnangagwe was fighting with Nelson, who was the first of the MD.
At the end of the excavations, the government found the administrator and South African Presidentdada Kgalema Motlanthe.
The Administration of the Administration introduced a series of incidents indicating that the soldiers and the police had to execute people and that these people had to be punished.
The Ale. Motlanthe administrator also stated that the government does not allow the students to go to school and that the police and the soldiers do not get the rules.
Humans claim that the government has not shouted in applause about the de Motlanthe bad
The government, however, is aware of what is said and is planning to do with the rest of the community,” he added.
The Vice Chapter claims that the Mnangagwe government will use the program.
Madhuku said that the government had been warned to take care of and disapprove of them because they had been killed by the military forces of the country
Human rights expert and Human Rights Wa purchaseh " s regional Director for North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga said the government has not yet decided to do the same thing
Mavhinga said that this incident took place two years ago, but there was no soldier to do what was said.
More and more people were dispatched, since President, Emmerson Mnangawe, and his delegates were all involved in cleaning the country through national preparations
Mnangagwe arrived at Pari breakfast in the morning and with his colleagues who helped clean the hospital
As he finished preparing for the project, Mr. Mnangagwe said the program was successful and that it would help people to live
He said that he was doing this to remind people that this is what they should do
Alejanda Mnangagwe also said that people do not know how to stop and learn things from other countries , such as Rwanda , where people gossip and weeds no longer use their feet
The athlete of the games, Kirsty kovpres and his staff, began stamping over Simon Muzenda so far as the African Unity Square of Meikles Hotel and the TM Supermarket staff
He said that the public became agitated when they saw them sweeping him
Members of the Zimbabwe Newspapers also set out on recordings and brooms for the construction of garbage garbage
The Zimpapers spokesman Beatriɔe Tonhodzayi told Studio 7 that the area was demolished in that region " s best efforts to support the government in its service
He said the workers in all corners of the country were involved in the cleaning work
The minister of Harare, Hebert Gomba, sitikansilla and formersil swinders, also broomed the weeds
Speaking to Studio 7, he also plays the garbage strategy, Maseisa, in Highfield, Gomba, claims that he was overjoyed in the work
He added that the towns needed to keep on keeping the remaining ceremonies, so the party is still reminding the cities that they are not honorable
Mr. Mnangagwa thanked the date for the first month of every Friday that had helped to honor each other.
According to the Commandment, he ordered that he would put money into the country’s office to help the country so that it could be mined.
Speaking to the journalists in Harare today, George Guvamatanga, said it is difficult to make a budget nearly two or one of them.
Guvanmatanga also said that he knew that the government was preparing for the national currency
They asked how to stole the bank. The Final Registrar, who managed to manage the economy, hatched the auditorium and said the suspects were going to be used for money.
Introduced to Labor and Esisisisionome of the Development Resea High Commission of Zimbabwe, Nyasha, the government has been able to close the economy and the economy unless the country is invested with its economy and
Alejandrist also said that those who change the money are not able to cope with these things unless they are ready for a short period of
The minister admitted that the investment of the health-care cost would also be continuous if the materials were
The Administrator Mthuli Nube told the press that he was impressed by the initiative he had taken to the country’s economy.
However, the economy of the Tendai Biti, one of the three MDs, claims that the economy is worsening the economy by staying in the bank of Reserve Bank for Zimbabwe to help.
A Mr. Biti, who delegates the economy of the law-enforcement sector, said that the economy in charge of the economy was unlawful by the banks to protect the economy and government officials from damage
In other words, it is difficult for people to see how much time the country’s money has spent on mining in the country, so it will be shorter before church services
Mr. Rise Kagona is speaking through the dialect of margins and his business with the Biggie Tembo.
The legs of the teen are saying that the gossipers were incapable.
A skilled worker at the hospital testified that the young children died on a short night " s waist
Studio 7 was also unable to listen to the staff at the hospital
Ms. hehenai, whose father, Mr. Langton, died when he was not treated on Wednesday, after he was taken from Harare to the quarter Hospital.
Mathildahimbi, a member of the Banquet, excommunicating his dead brother, who had no help, said that his brother had invited him to go to a place where he had no help
Ms. shimbe shows that those who die in hospital care are not looking at them
In the public hospitals , over 16,000 children go to straki for wages
The government’s administrator of all child caregivers was asked to reexamine the project.
Instead , the 19th-century population of OVID is rising as a bricklay made to some of them , such as maseke
Clearly, the public is now treating the disease in the country, in the truck, in the marketplaces and in the banks that have been cracked by
Studio 7 has also found many unintentional people in Harare
A resident of Harare, Paul Mawaaira, who was not so rude that he sometimes forgot to wear
Studio 7 asked if he knew thatOVID was going to heaven at the time of 19 unnamed people waiting for a bank to
But he said that while he knew that he was dealing with the interests of others, the issues about people are fundamental.
Simon Zhou , who was also waiting for the truck, told Mt Pleasant Heights, that they had been standing at the same location for about ten days
He said they were not looking at the people’s appearance, and they even had to wash their hands as if you were climbing the ZUPCO truck in the country.
Dr. Henry Madzorera, who is in charge of Apomuden on the MDMA, is on the verge of man-made Alliance, saying the people are not protecting
Dr. also urged the pharmacist to keep the house batt during the time
The Deputy Minister, John Mangwiro, told Studio 7 on the razor that he was teaching people about the disease and that he was watching the blood of many people to see that they had no cures that had helped to prevent it
In a conference with his political leader, the President, Emmerson Mnangagwa, he said that according toOVID " s 19 approach to him, we should have a religion.
OVID’s death in Zimbabwe alone has not been observed in all countries, with 12 million people,212 in Zimbabwe
In Harare, Dr. Peter Magombeyi on Saturday, Harare, the doctors working at the Public High Commissioner and some who have opposed the Mpilo Asntetera Hostpial in Bulwayo.
Dr. Magombeyi in his home in Harare, including the hospital staff of the United Bulawayo hospital.
Ngongoma said they are playing people who are fearful and fearful.
Forzulu-Natal spokesman for the Police of Poolonel Thmbeka Mbele said that Plessislas apolisier is looking for two deadly victims
Nobody
Parents are being harassed and thrown into school
Parents are protesting this death-dealing trend and are driving tires at Putini High Schoola in Mangweni, Umtshezi
Unlike the parents, we have learned to talk about things that are not his way at the school.
The children are said to have been trapped in the auditorium and without water and lamps
Speakers I until Langalibale Muniipality, Sifiso Mdakane, said the town was talking about the book because of the construction of the classrooms.
They study in an academic academy
The town does not like that .
The town’s kaunsila, Nkosingiphile Mpembe, said in 2010, the people were promised to build the school for those who are not yet being built.
At times the students are studying is not enough, the sleep of water usually hates the liquid, which is not expected to drink
At the end of the census, a researcher promised that people would come out of the way of learning
ForZulu-Natal , an academic attorney Muzi Mahlambi , said that the region was being called an administrator
A couple who are involved in robbing themselves of stealing
The police are looking for prospective partners at Shayamoy in Mpumuza, without Pietermaritzburg, thinking they have been stolen.
It is thought that the public stones at the Londeka Mvelase and Mxolisi are now mining on their Kwasia.
The couple stay close to each other
They suspect that they have stole about R2 and that they have also suspected that they have been robbed of their victims.
The interpreter shows that even when he is missing out on it , it is still shaving
Both men and women were there when he was being stoned
The town recruited Zondo to the area to see what happened.
Speaking to Solezwe, he said they were charged with stolen bodies and were not entitled
I have returned to my hometown
We do not know that bad things are happening in this region, but that does not mean that you are in a position to do what you want
To call the police to arrest the victim of this crime
The message I heard was that man took something out of a shop.
At last, peace is at stake.
The man’s appliance is
The Ngubos announced that I was still looking for his family to meet them tomorrow and their family.
ForZulu-Natal Police officer of thepolisNoqbile Gwala said that the police were looking for the two people they met
They do all they can to get to know the relatives of those who have been beaten but do not automatically take their meat off
The Guptasites finish their money to some banks
AfricaN NEWS Agency (United) claims that almost one million coins have taken place under the control of the country, by Shadow World paninPaul Edward Holden.
Heavy said this in front of their decision by the prosecutor Raymond Zondo.
According to him, his discovery was R49,157,323, 233.
Frequently.
Holden said this when they were giving a witness on the basis of their contributions to the auditoriums.
Holden asked the leader Mathew hundredskalson
Holden tells the suspects that his adventures are based on the developments of the development of retails in Gupta’s ads.
He said that Guptas stealed millions of money from R287 from Estina Dairy Farm Prroject
This arrangement, they think, is helping farmers in Firii
According to Holden, Guptas started saving money after a year before even the Estina " s program began
This started with the government’steiti investment of the Estima Inquisition Service, 2011, but Guptas started stealing money to the Kotonian Services in 2011.
The Estina " s project was stolen even before the project
Significantly, the government paid R287 million to the Gupta family, and the banks were placed in place to make it seem as profitable to R880 million in 2012 and 2016
The Badwao continues
A movie that shows everything about the death of the bride husband
Lindani Myeni was in Hawaii, USA.
The movie looks like the bridegroom out of the house in Honolu, which seems to be wearing long and walking between those who think they are married
It has been like he went to a church near his home.
The pairs of the church reserves and pairs the two men
It shows that the bride’s husband was seen leaving the house and that he was deniing the couple’s dispatchment.
At that very moment , a mother appeared and called the 911 rafter
The mother told the police that her husband was in the house and was coming to the house.
What the house belongs to shows him that they have nothing to do in the house.
Some have concluded that he was simply putting this thought into a process of overcoming conflict
According to the Bikerton, the court ordered that the film be brought to nothing
He also ordered the police to have all the calls called 911 on that day to announce.
When Bikerton and Mr. William Denselow drew the discussion, it was reported that the bridegroom was irritated when he was leaving the house.
According to Biketon, his final statement is that of a museum
In the opening image, the bridegroom asked the policemen about their hygiene and shot him in the hospital.
He added that they did not know that Myeni was not repentant and that the police were there but that they met the media, and they rebuked them
Bi Chiefkerson said they would search for the truth to find out what was happening.
The IFP is being said to have a record in Melmoth.
The IFP formerselians are being accused of shooting three suspects at the political party that took place at Thubalethuhu, Mthonaneni (Melmoth Kwasia).
The judges are said to have kissed the crowd to get to the meeting place.
The party accused the members of the party in an attempt to force the IFP formersela to come back.
The IFP officers called that meeting at the King heetshwayo on the street to settle the matter for the long term in the area. In the last week, he did not understand the return of the originals, including the Mangi Boyela.
One of the members of the Public Administrator who refused to rename the exhibition and was shooting their guns, has accused the IFP officers and formersmen of the prosecutor that they should shoot them in order to perform the exhibition.
“What we were doing in the street because we were not allowed to attend the meeting because the people there were from the streets.
According to the Kuo, all the records started during the dawn of the Public Association who wanted to attend the meeting. As a result, the security of the security officers and the formersels in the area
The leader of the IFP in Mthonane, who did not want his name to be called outside, said that the members of the Public Society had been in the area for a long time.
“The next week, they insisted that they should show their formersela traps in adolescence.
A meeting is scheduled for all the formersels and IFP regional officials to be presented in a polished manner.
The records began when some of the people were on the way to the convention, and they started to stone the security officers.
He announced that some of the people were also involved.
The newly released Mbangise Biyela, the deputy Phumlani Ntombela, and the museum in Mthonane, were present at this meeting.
They tried to hear about the leadership of the region, and they did not get to know them.
The President of the Nation, Thami Shangase, announced that he was not the organizer of the convention. He added that everything was in the hands of the police.
The IFP spokesman of all the country, Mkhuleko Hlewa, said the party would defend the matter today.
The Basabasae began to take place at the time of the release of Bisela and formerselah. As a result, the residents were divided into the rings and the IFP members of the party who were part of the team.
KwaZulu-Natal police spokesman, so heolonel Thembeka Mbele, said the Melmoth police were investigating the incidents and incidents of bullets.
He will not be overlooked.
The Parliamenta, Baleka Mbethe, has struck down the strike.
Mrs. Mbete, in response to the institution, on which some of the so-called law-enforcement officers were held, said that all people have their opinions, and some of them because they have no architect
He even made a statement about armed missiles , named Zuma , for example , that he obtained a note of the difficult things he knew from him
I know that some of those who were present here are well-acquainted by
I know that speaker has come here and says that they cannot say what he hears
I can tell about the gunshot shoveling (Psoday)
Under my office gate
The letter contains strong but blunt statements
I can " t afford to send a copy of the book that I know and that I don " t have to go to the booth
My problem was that one should come to me and understand me
We heard that I was defending myself in a legal manner that wouldn’t be free to talk about this matter.
During the second and seventh millenniums, he was asked for self-sacrifice in the Gupta family.
I do not sleep but know that it relates to a custom that emerged from the Gupta family
I suppose that these issues are not going on the street and that we have found them in the wrong place
Consider what will be said about the world he has created for you
Ms. Methe continued to receive the explanation and learn how to do our work
SUPPOSIS are charged with the death of
NSFAS has been accused by a student in Durban Tvettt aollege on the street for two days when he died on Saturday
Fifteen-year-old Yonwabo Manyanya is credited with being a full-grown scholar of Eletrigid Infrastruture and her household is displaced because of her debts
Thus , he was forced to stay in the area for two days because he did not have anywhere to go from the hunter
On Wednesday , it was announced that the patient was not in good health
Her friends told her that she had to get somewhere to wear
Symptoms indicate that Jonwabu died on Saturday at the place where his friend lived in Durban North
The NSFAS is being accused of being enticed by one of the closest members of the deceased " s
I " m sad because they could have prevented the death
The student said I like NSFAS, since I would see these snakes coming often and hear them.
The suspects were unable to approach him and announce that what had happened could not stop them from talking to him
Forzulu-Natal police general , Nqobile Gwala , ordered everything to be
Asherville fpus has been responsible for economic problems, about half of the students were standing outside the school to show it
The students told Isolezwe that they were sleeping because they had been disfellowshipped for lack of money
Many disciples who had shrines for sleep and came from Gauteng, Eastern ape and Mpumalanga
A Mr. Siyabonga Sambu of Ermelo, Mpumalanga, a graduate of the Hunity Safety degree de NSFAS pleaded with those who were complaining about financial matters
The monarch " s luggage was on the move , and all the money was obtained
There is no money to buy food
Those looking for a job were given only a small amount of money
Sambu claims that there is nothing in the area and that we are called a public prosecutor
Zodwa Mabanga from Johannesburg affirmed that he too had been disfellowshipped
Dr. Mthabisi Bhebhe , a secretary for Mpilo Hospital Doctors associationa , says that he could have found Dr. Magombeyi early and wanted to care for her .
Dr. Tawanda , who also claims to work with Dr. Magombeyi , claims that many doctors are now feared and until Dr. Magombe " s services are left unattainable
Executive for Mpilo Hospital, Leonard Mabandi , has shown that the doctors will soon be forced to resume their
Walter , on the other hand , claims that many patients have been treated by doctors
Dr. Magombeyi doctors were arrested and taken to strike. Two weeks of the doctors were taken to the strike to say that they had no loan for work
The government claims to impose a law on doctors " s strike but also on parliaments that the government does not have the legal right to do so
Kentucky lines have been found in the US , who are leaving Muhammad Ali , aged 74 , to save them
Among other things , USpanin da daw Billlinton, and atire like George Foreman, Mike Tyson and Lenox Lewis and Will Smith
President Obama was also introduced by a Zimbabwean resident of Kentucky Patricia Chikanga as saying that the nation could do something good about people who died
Patricia Chikanga told Studio 7 that the country had the right to dignify those taking the lead in the country. Many people are coming to Ali
The Zimbabwe Council of Churches (ZCC) claims to have been painfully affected in Matabeleland South, Matabeleland North and Bulawayo " s districts at the headquarters of the church " s offices
ZCC has assembled a mushroom for the three circuits and fortune-tellers
ZCC Secretary-General Pr. Dr. Kenneth Mta deposited Studio 7 to be a victim of starvation
He claims that these words are being uttered in pain
He claims that the government is politically neutral and that he supports those who
Dr. Mta suggests that the government will be exposed to what is happening so that they too can help in the house-to-house work and keep it
Since 2007 and 2008, Zimbabwe’s love of Zimbabwe is on the decline
Along with Amukalar , they change between $32 and $ 40
Trees, cereals, and natives have made it difficult for some to call the same country
At the end of the convention, President Emmerson Mnangagwa announced that no nation could live on their money
Nelson a hundred disadvantages of the nonreligious political party have also said that the nation would not be able to pay for its own expenses
But the economy Prof. Gift Muo explains that politicians do not teach the matter to others
An exorbitant of Zimbabwe Retailers Denford Matashu has also found the economy
Zimbabwe National chamber of seditione, hris Mugagaga, has also said it has to be confined and taken steps to improve the growth of the ecology
But Prof. Mugano claims that no dog manager is in a car and that even the government is reluctant to accept the ecology
ZCTU " s secretary , Moyo , has also announced that the workplace does not continue
The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, RBZ, is also organizing a project that enables the nation to survive
But RBZ president Dr John Mangudya claims that both are figs
Since the year 2019 , Zimbabwe began to use Amrikalarlar as a person but now out of the year of their own deepests
Zimbabweulnerability Assessment Committee, zimva claims that at the end of the year , nine cents of Zimbabwean people will starve to the Kitansa hotel
But just one-third of the previous month needed food in the countryside
The best remaining women are Matabeland North, Masvingo and Midlands
According to a Food-care department, Fewsnet, it has been said that those in the vast area also need food because the economy is deteriorating
A large part of hunger will be among those who live in hipinge and the syklone motion
A spectator named Dhumakwezu claims that a company is feeding them with World Vision because they have associated with the Red ross
But those who are not registered in the company are starving
Population of Gweru has shown fear of COVID-19 invasion
Approximately a hundred people are addicted to the Gwetu Pletink
About thirty-five-five-seat teachers are left behind
These people , cared for by South Africa and Botswana
According to the media Mangwana , Mboka cholegyi can be used only for five hundred hundred hundreds of thousands of miles from the Gwetu
Ms. Enita Nyati rebuked Studio 7 to fear that theovid -19 was the same person and could be used to appease the local women " s
But the Musha Mammans also indicate that they have to care for such a person as Zimbabweans or to care for their family and their alcoholic beverages
It is thought that the disease will be added to the point that it is possible for these patients to perform unlawful tasks and that there is a great need for promiscuity
This two-costume camp shows that the Midland government office needed to make Studio willing to be present
The Midlands minister Larry Mavima and Dr. Mhene have heard of them but had a meeting with them
Certain South Africa and Botswana claim that they were at the same time moved to a migratory immigrant who might have been caught by the violin
Gweru mayr busiah Makombe put it in front of VOA Studio 7 as a park for the violets
He ordered the people not to be feared but to be cared for by their methods and by those who had acquired violins
People " s Democratic Party " s Matibenga , of Gweru , has said that it is the government " s duty to protect all citizens
The videos do not hold back from the towns around Midlands but fear that the vigor will come upon them
On Wednesday , the country " s office met with the doctors who visited the strike for the first time after their visit to the strike .
Some doctors also visited strike Wednesday. Many are losing their lives because of the strike manufacturers
The President Emmerson Mnangagwa, on Tuesday, became part of Prof. hestantino newenga for a solution to the strike
Mangwana , a spokesman for the country " s President Mnangagwa , claims that the jaw " s presence is almost unrelenting
On Tuesday the Alejandnga ordered all the doctors to go to work
The Zimbabwe Medicalassociation officers have assigned the government to over eight hours of strike service
The President " s director of Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctors associationano, Dr Elias Muzoremba, held a meeting to listen to the doctors " comments
The latest phenomenon was that the doctors told the country " s jaw that it was the Health Services Board and that it was hypothetical
The authorities say they want the government to take RTGS out of sackcloth and corporations and to use the US " s love to save RTGS
The doctors spend $ 329 each month but that money in RTGS
But the economy of Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University, Prof. Gift Mugano denied Studio that the government could not pay all that money
We asked Dr. Mugano how it turned out to be a collection of cosmetics in the US hormones
Mr. Itai Rusike , cowririer of the Job Working Group on Health , put the Studio before Studio that the country would require a huge amount of money in the bag
Some people are saying that the Health Insurance heards are not always there when they are about to buy the products to bring US love to or live at home
The Warriors national soccer ball from South Africa to compete in the oosafaurnament
On this Saturday , the team lays the head of the soup and the African gup of Nations for victory in the oosafaup .
The oosafaup is being prepared for the Aveon in Zimbabwe for the adoption of a cup in the sixth year
Because of finances , Zimbabwe has not yet competed for the Afloth contest , and the Warriors chairman announced that heosafa was kena
He is also looking for a cup to collect the cup and grabbed the plate of the cup after the project was started in the year
hidzambwa seized the oosafa jar in 20039,2017 and 2018
Zimbabwe hired a group of volunteers , such as Tendai Darikwa, Admiral Muskwe, and the Ale Music , who joined in the athletic contest
This year the Zimbabwean soccer team is the largest team that is being taken to the Aflamba because of such lucrative agencies as Knowledge Musona and Marvelous Nakamba
Shingirai Miti , coordinator of Warriors , has declared that there is no competition for the seizure because the cup is Zimbabwe at any time
The Zimbabweans are hoping to win the first competition between the Egyptians in the Save
Holocaust Ronald Pfumbidzai claims that they are going to Egypt to eat
Zimbabwe and Egypt, the Democratic RePublic of oxgo and Uganda , at Group Against the Group Antington Mpandare , they are expecting to be one of those groups
When he comes to the contest , the prosecutor " s promiscuity starts from the contest to Nigeria to the High Priest in Egypt
Many soccer players feel that they have a good time together with their family and friends , but this year , when others joined their family in pursuing an Egyptian contest in Champions League
This was the third of the Platinum stadiums that defeated the Sudan Al Hilal and defeated Tunisia Etoile dusahel
“There are the ones that are being considered to be the victories of the people who are on the verge of their two-year projects,” the Vindica’’s Wednesday, Wednesday,” he said to be the one who was to be the one who was said to be the one who was not able to take the cup, Zimbabwe the Progion. Anna Mgunify.
Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZMA) says that the government does not provide for those who will go to strike
The Society says they want the government to pay teachers for USlar
The government was introduced by Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZZ
Studio7 has not heard the government " s voice on this subject because Moni Mustsvangwa , a customary minister
ARTUZ paninin Obert Masaraure claims that they have the right attitude but are not .
Masarure claims that the government is trying to manage the economy but has to fight against corruption and corruption in order to manage the economy
Masarure claims that the government is destroying coins at a time when it could have been used as a public weapon
The Masarure found it hard to handle the problems in the country but one problem is that the country " s advisers cannot manage the economy and see the need to make plans to solve the problem
Indigenous people are struggling to obtain passports in the country
In this way the government ordered the Registrar-General to command the Zimbabwens to pay $ million
Kazembe Kazembe , who is administrator and the media , rebuked them for their passports as well as for their passports and heads and on the streets
He claims that he will ensure that foreigners obtain documents from the government, the government has seen the need to close the vacuum in order to get the documents quickly.
Some people , however , realize that this is a rugged for foreign explosion
A citizen in RTGS pays $ in a state for a three-day passport .
If they wanted the passport on the same day , they would pay $
According to the Secretary of Congress, Kindness Paradza, admonishes the certificate of passports and will help the foreigners to understand the country’s existence
Paradza claims that the majority of people have been beating their family and friends for the sake of a large donation to passport
I also hurried Huumba , a Zimbabwean , who met the famous player Neymar and whispered
Neymar was introduced in Sao Paul in Brazil and named Neymar da Silva Santoúnior
Neymar now plays his soccer team of Spanish soccer Barcelona, Lionel Messi.
Many people say that the Yeumba and Neymar had been photographed in Viatoria Falls and told Studio that he had been employed while working in Ukutula aonservationationer , near Pretor in South Africa
The Warriors clubs are preparing to compete and all the people in Zimbabwe are making sure that they will play the game
The Warriors are entering the Rufaro stadium in the games that are believed to be large in Zimbabwe " s history
The Warriors " meeting with the Indomitable Lionesses of Cameroon shows that they can go to Olympi Games in Rio deaneiro the following year
The Warriors met in Yaounde for the past eight weeks , but they would go to the World in winner
The Warriors and teams have been able to attend to tournament from the gold hokey girls of the year
But the Warriors were to be reminded that they were the first team tournament
Zivanai Moroyiwa , son of Warrior , has said that they are delaying because the Warriors are happy to have soccer balls because no other group has been able to do so for three decades
Tonderayi Matimura , who is aaps United States , claims that when the two parties met two weeks ago , he believed that Warriors would again win
Valuable Zimbabwe " s Football associationno has been organized for everyone who plays games
Andrew Rwodzi , a Sport manufacturer , has said that many people will go to stadium because of ZFA " s policy
Alejandura has also said that she will go to see thelo at stadium because the lovelar is lower than the money Zifa receives
Shadreek Mlauzi , a team , marched into the team and was looking ahead to see Rudo Neshamba and Ruthendo Madegura playing a lump in front of the community
At the same time the Warrior team will meet Lesotho at Bourfields stadium in the African Nations Championship
The Team hatched the Kalisto Pasuwa alliances with three Hardlife Zvirekwi and the Justice of the sex charges, but Muroyiwawa claimed that a Warriors were not as permissible as Lesotho.
The Warrior is looking forward to the two games that can win and move to the African Nations Championships finals from the end of the tournament
The public " s eye and attention are focused on the Mighty Warriors
Marketers at Harare and Tapon / Sesisisiikile movement company have joined in fighting Zimbabwe " s ambassadors who
Some of this happened in the city of Norton , where the sellers did not expel a mine from Katanga and sell the cooky
Sesiikile movement spokesman Makomborero Haruzivishe , asserting that the sellers of harassment are part of the members of the
Haruzivishe announced that they had been in a police station and were caring for the victims but that it was just one man
Harare CityCouncil spokesman Miuhael ohideme declared that they had not heard anything because they had not been in the city during the event
But by ceremonies , the government issued a set statement that many young people had been killed by the police
The government went on to say that the violation of some of the teenagers was developing in the police knife for construction projects
We have not heard the voice of the police as these articles
The Zimbabwen city of South Africa for businesseshadowed the burning of the robbery in the streets of Johannesburg on the Zimbabwean people.
These women are said to be the burglary in the prime of Hillbrow, Whena and Yeoville and neighboring peoples and Zimbabweans are said to be kidnappings and murderers
The spokesman for Zimbabwe " s South Africa has announced that its police have been planning to investigate the issues involved
He said that the group was planning to join the police officers in the first month and on the sixth day to try this problem
The police are said to have come to the site from time to time , but because they are not allowed to allow the criminals to do what they want
Alejandzi claims that those who are familiar with the victims of this tragedy have the prospect of being reunited with the police and the Zimbabweans in those women " s parks
Conversation with Studio7 suggests that police and military personnel are sent to those women and are at the cemetery
The South African community has also been accused of stealing, drug and sex
Many people have claimed to be two and nine thousand in the year to start a major problem in the political and economic interests of the country
The NPP legislation at Dormaa East, Mr. Paul Apraku Twum Barimah, has ordered the Parliament to execute money between two and three thousand thousand and six thousand years of age
This article led the editors Mr. Ken Ofori Attah to conclude that this study would help him and all Ghanaians to see how much was lost in the country " s jack
I " ve asked that question because I could hear John Mahama " s pendulum for a hundredrtered flights
Perfectionism
Mr. Barimah explained that he did not have any politics to follow his question
The use of rhythed flights in a country where the timing of the vaccines is measured and the timing of the mining process requires that we be aware of the past generations .
Is there a leader? If so, is an agreement that has been made about the history of the President’s travel? That is why I am not involved in politics
He added that I would like to know about these matters and see how to make good plans. Now it can be my hometown but it can be a new government. That is why we do not try to scrutinize these issues at any time.
Apocalypse
Foreign Affairs Committee coordinator Mr. Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwadwa has also asked for permission to ask the government for reasons why the President Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo Addo is visiting to France and does not use the same jacket as a country " s flight
The National Democratic Congress (NDC) Parliament of North Tungu stated that it was embarrassing for Ghana to have a well-worked President but that he had traveled on a plane .
He announced that the country " s explosion would affect Ghana in GHS million meinu
The Bono East subscriber, Mr. Kwasi Adu-Gyan , has brought on the NPP and NDC officers with a promotion of peace
He said that it was my pride that the NPP and NDC officers gathered together to help the region to continue
Alejand-Gyan continued that peace helps to improve the neighborhood and that peace in the region is difficult for them
The people of the region announced the final phase of the Tennihiman activity
The officials who attended the program included the NPP and NDC assistant Minister, traditional authors, administrators, prosecutors, executivesa, the National Commission or Civic Education (The National Commission and the ivilie organisations (s).
The Commonwealth Secretariat underscored by National peace Council and the ‘Countentente Postion Violence, and Building consensus for the Greater Political Tolerance in Ghana”
All the information on the mask is based on the backs of electronic devices as well as on different ways to handle those records
Alejand-Gyan said that Ghanaians boast that the Global peace Index Report has announced that Ghana and the second nation of Abirem ha. reassembled the NP and NDC to promote peace in the country.
He added that this is an agenda, a political party, a jurisdiction, a state, a jurisdiction, a jurisdiction, and the media have contributed to the development of Ghana
He promised that Regional aoordinating Council would help to preserve this peace forever
Speaking at Electoral Justicee, Alha bei Suallah Abdallah Quandah Quandah for the Bono province of peace Council , claiming that the political situation has been achieved through the Electoral Justice
He explained that the Electoral Justice exercise was not a new thing but that society would not be free to misrepresent its prosecution and politics
Alhaji Quandah showed the importance of having Electoral Justice to help keep their child fingers informed
The Abuakwa South Parliamentary Samuel Atta Abubua has promised Ghanaians that if Nana Addo " s government was on the seventh day of the year and seventeenth millenniums , all the problems of Ghanaians will be solved
He claims that the government of Nana Addo will provide the national economy because the economy has been established for bankruptcy
In the East Akimi district of the West, the Wednesday of the East Akim announced the beginning of a new era in Ghana where the public will be recruited in
He said that if the President Nana Addo had been released , he would have to pay attention to whatever assignment he was willing to accept and get a good job
Among other things , his offering was rice, salt, salt, goats, hands, and money that he did not use.
Three brothers in the area where their mother sells her hand in Tarkwa-Nsuta , in the province of Tarkwa-Naem , are found in the Arctic region for the deaths
Three of them died as a result of the generator ripped into them
Ins pleasek prime minister George Sside , of Tarkwa-Nsuta station , announced that a person called the birthright of three young children in a drinking area
He explains when he and his apprentice arrived and the dead were put to Abena Amos, Arabi Dadzi, 13 and Akaba Dadzi, 7 in advance to the Tarkwa government hospital waiting for the rites of their death .
Speaking to Starrka, Emmanuel Ohene Gyan, Alejandri, Mr. Sepa, explained that the dead had been with their mother and caring for the Golden City by the province of Tarkwa Wateri
He claims that they would express themselves to their mother when they helped their mother and finished working with him
According to the exterior, the dawned the day because of the fall of the day. Madam Dadzi took the generator to light his children from the next day, and he learned that his children had died.
The one who had been beaten was getting medical attention. The police are looking for analysis of the
The Frankishop for the National Democratic Congress (NDC, John Mahama to announce that he was a victorious citizen who would persecute the chief of Menzgold Nana Appiah Mensah , the majority of whom he knows he was moved to pay the public money
Speaking at Tarkwa-Nsuaem in the Archives, Mr. Mahama, he suspected Akufo Addo that he was accustomed to being a member of the public as he was accustomed to a
According to him, the NAM’s unique defense that Akufo Addo is protecting him? Why are policemen sitting on the stocks of the suspects?
He promised that his home would be a thorough investigation of the NAM and his officials and that the people would be paid to them
Ellen Asamoah , coordinator of Menzgold NAM , said that Islan Circuit was sent to Ahinime for the first time in the second and second millennium
The country had first accused NAM of Kotonia in the second and twentieth millenniums at Islan Circuit
The police postponed Sylvester Asare as a guide to the court that he had received without charges against other people and NAM .
During the honeymoon, ASP Asare advised the court to listen to the directions in the matter
They requested that the case be postponed and the prosecutor be ready for the case
He said that giving them a hearing and correcting those who had been accustomed to the counsel would make them safer
But they went to the phonograph prosecutor and asked for a new date to listen to them
NAM , who has been bananas , appeared in the courtroom
On the second and third millennium, Iskran Circuit went to court for NAM bail GHS billion.
He said he was not guilty of being accused by the government. That government has seemed to be altering the charges and misunderstandings
He also has to show himself to the police on Wednesday at ten o " clock
Among other things , the original costs were ceremonial services, unparalleled labors, unparalleled mining, and laundering
Also , the total amount of money they had received from the auditorium and the checklist was GHS billion
Use of Okada is becoming a problem
The police also claim that the number of thefts is increasing, accidents and unwarranted rules on highways is a motor
Politically , too many loopholes are causing problems and have plans to prevent it
Many times we have used this rumor to describe the
One of the problems that the nation is facing is how to understand the use of motor and motorcycle
During the second and two thousand years, legislatured Road Traffi mine Regulations, 2012 (L.I. 2180), he undertook a series of laws that would enforce them.
The Law came that it would be unacceptable to use utensils and motorcycles unless they were used as aourier or delivery Services. Then DVLA was ordered not to allow the motor license to be used as public service cards
Okada and the park have become rampant in this country and the law that the legislation enforced
In the villages , okada and the park are transported to frozen cards, heads and women.
Those in the large city travel through okada and park so that they do not stay in the traffik
Because it is expensive , most of the time is left
Without a crack and a nose , the swimming blanket is taken away
Most people , however , do not want to wander and park because of their noise and obscenity
Different cycles are achievable
Many organizations , including the Ghana Medicalassociation National Road Safety Authority , have called for the use of the country
This has happened to the father of the country
This has been said because it has not been rehabilitated by its laws, it has become a source of relief for many Ghanaians
For us in the Daily Graphic area , we think that the country looks again at the laws and looks at the best ways to keep this program
In India , where we live in Ghana , we have not heard about our problems as if we were living in a parcel
So why can we learn from India that we can bring in our sest?
It is in our mind that because of hard work , they are slandered and saw him as a job to support themselves and their family
Now we have the Daily Graphic thinking that we allow their training and programs to help the country thrive
They are looking forward to the law that permits them to work, and there is an agreement that will ensure that those who use them as an accident.
If the arrangement is put in the way that enables the Ghana Police to enforce the laws and to help the process process procession to rotate the utensils of the bark and the cereal
Many of the people in Ghana have become so preoccupied with this law that they benefit from its good and bad
Daily Graphic believes that if we want laws to come to our roads and stops and go through the roads, we should try our horns and look at the news reports or at all times.
I can't remember enjoying it in Ghana as the last Friday of Green Ghana.
This is the day we all knocked on top of a tree.
I have come to Ghana twenty years ago and realize that what is happening in our country is in conflict with the academics of our academics. This has become an obscuracy program to protect our fingers.
Fifteen million plants were assigned to us to plant and bring about some of the joys of longevity.
Ghanaians will see that the most important thing we need to hear about was our facility in Ghana.
What is more important, academics, unacquainted hospitals, uneducated schools, or even poor-school patients, I am saying even one of the most sensitive problems we all have is because of the loss of our hands, the loss of forest, and the loss of rainfall, the loss of rainfall, and the rains of rain.
I didn't look at the academics that students were studying at school but could say that Ghana’s understanding was different from that of today’s school.
We continue to talk about many forests , but the fact is that this is not the right thing to
We talk about the animals in the forest, but all of them are confined to the living area.
Although our speech has been influenced by too many forests , it is very different
We didn't think it was all the junior mining and all the gold that we couldn't touch to him.
Maybe we are faithful
