The prosecutor claimed that the six were trapped in the GH-HHH1,292,180, what seemed to be a cash that was thought to be a lumber.
A suspected robbery has been picked up by the police at Kyebi in the Central Region.
According to Starr News in the Cyebi, a group of people from the Anti Armed Robbery and Personnel who were picked up from CID has been picked up by the Ebenezer Gyimah, which is commonly known as a mining site on April 2021.
The Suspect was taken to Kyebi Zongo to investigate during the explosion.
The next day, the police also gave the burglary, Musa Kamara, aged 16, to find it hard to find her place in Kibi Zongo on Sunday, 2021.
He tried to rifle the police and killed his leg, so he couldn't
She was taken to the Kyebi government hospital where the police are protecting her.
The two partners are thought to be among the robbers being harassed by the invasion of Kibi, the Akyem Ta, Osiem, Amigra, and the surrounding towns.
In the third month, at least ten robbers occurred in these two cities.
A woman who was killed by the burglary on the sixth day of the Kofofofo-21 (2021), lost her life at Akyektum Ettum and Bunso, and was taking the lead in Kofofofofofofofofofofofogue Hae (Hghigh).
A few hours after this incident occurred, the two crashed, Haruna Amadu (NDD) 25-year-old and Joseph Nyira (521).
Two illegal firearms, one knife, 257.00, one of them, came togi (bag), three elections in the components of the robbery, were detected.
On the Fourth day, one person was killed in the same area as armed robbers were attacked on the Koforidua, the Virgin of the Central Region.
The thieves were hit by the Barfuor Highway, near the Zor armor Monday, where the public stands.
One of those who were robbed of the robbery was reported to have been robbed of the burglary and earned about 50,000.
The Wednesday (8:00 pm), the thieves were robbed of robbery in the hotel and the breaking of gas in the Gulf of Aquito, on Wednesday, on Wednesday, on Wednesday, May 23, and on Sunday. They
They also picked up the safety of the protector and threw the walls on the floor. When the robbers arrived at the site, the security officers were recruited.
No more excavators.
Apollos got to BB kateregyi (cartridges), one of the lowest lizards in which the incident occurred.
The robbers settled in the saluun (saloon), a black vacuum.
The total total of three incidents of robbery was traced to the ravages of Nuhu Yashawa, aged 4, to the point of losing her life in Akyem Osiem.
The incident on Monday, Oforisuo, on Monday, May 23, 2021, was ravaged by seven ounces (77:20 armed men and a knife in the Goodness Station in Alling in Asim.
The robbers made money without consultation. They think that this amount was all the money they got out of the night.
The robbers also picked up the Motorola notorious for Adamu Zakari, the prosecutor at the site, for 30 years (30).
The Apolis picked up innocent hydrocarbons in the area where this incident occurred.
The President of Education, Rev. John Perm Fordddour, is also the President of the Assin South Parliament, to advise teachers that they are not interested in the government.
According to him, the application of Teacher Welfare App is to be put on the veil of a hundred.
According to the President of Education, teachers are interested in the government and are assured that any problems involving the elections of teachers, the economy, and even the economy.
In an effort to solve the problem of teachers, Rev. Fordance indicates that they have sent kerosene (the mines) to the region to solve problems that teachers are trying to solve.
According to the Minister of Education, Dr. Thur Osei Adutwum, will help solve the problem that exists among teachers.
John Ntim Fordour urged the administrators to have no faith in the government to solve their problems. He added these statements when he was speaking to the public at the National Association of Teachers (GNAT)
They also used this census to teach their views about the construction of the headquarters, the ENDeyond Teachers, Fund; Making the Teacher " s Economially.
He reprimanded the GNAT officers and the members as teachers in the country to improve the country. He also emphasized that the government will solve the problems facing teachers.
GNAT was designed to have a series of projects to be postponed. He added GNAT to have a large share in the Unique Insurance and Sweden Medical Centre. He added that GNAT had been recruited with the construction projects and are being built for their members.
Rev. Ntim Fordjour assured teachers that each side of the Ministry of Education will enable teachers to use the 280,000 computers in order to improve their jobs.
He appealed to teachers throughout the country to join the Ministry of Education and help to improve the quality of education.
Central Regional Police has long been kissed by a 25-year-old physician and his six-year-old daughter at Assin Adeamtem in the Assin South province of Central Region.
In a discussion with Thurn of the EIB Network Professional Minister, he added that the President of the state, PRO Sgt. Evans, was therefore referred to as a group of people from Wednesday, the Investigative Medical Association of Ghana, which has been called from the Ghanaian Office of the Affairs of Wedne.
When the police arrived, his daughter, Alberta Lanuekor, aged six-year-old, was irritating, and others were waiting for them.
The two were dispatched to the police; they were picked up with opihyin and other miners.
Thurn of the EIB Network Professional Regional Regional Regional Director, made it clear that these false doctors were
It has been said that many of the incidents of technical developments were rejected by law and some people lost their lives.
These two people have the police who are assisting with the investigation.
Four people in Bomso in the Oforikrom region have been flooded by floodwaters in the Ashanti Region, on Thursday, May 26th.
The incident at Bomsembly member) in the province of Bomso, Isaa to Appiah, who said the incident has actually been accustomed to robbing people on Fridays for a search of missing missing.
The rainfall in Kumasi, the capital of Asante, has been shattered by a massive flood of rainfall in the capital for two days, destroying property that will be a million dollars.
Kumasi Kejetia also played a part in the rains on Wednesday. The floodwaters flooded the rooms of song and hydrocarbons.
Kumasi (mayor, Osei Asibey Antwi, was resting because of health problems, put on the Starr FM customers in the state of Asante, Isaaako Justice Bediako for the KMAekal Committee to meet with the stressing of flooding in Kumasi.
He added that during the morning, the hydrocarbons and plans will be gathered to meditate on the floodwaters. I haven't seen a floodwater that has never occurred since Seisei.
He added that if the meeting ends, the ultimatum will spur the excavators in the floodwaters and look forward to the chances of supporting the affected ones, and they will also see the solution that the problem will bring to the roads.
Those living in the Effia-Kwesimintsim mines and the capital of the Sekondi Takoradi are exposed to them by robbery in their rooms.
This was reported at the end of the three-four robbers in Tanokrom, a mining mineral in the Effia-Kwesimintsim, which was held in motorbikes, was introduced to a manager who had been robbed of money, during which he loved a restaurant.
They became impatient with their Takoradi Mall, but one of them tried to shrink back.
The passengers were robbed of the robbers in order to put the police into the hands of the police. The head of the end made it clear that he had obtained her togi.
During the last week, the residents of the SSNIT were unable to wait until a motorbike made a noise as well as a motorbike for the next day.
Next, on the capital of Sekondi-Takora, Kojo, I will send out to the West West West West and also become a victim of the Tatentension, in the state of Patriotic Party, in the capital, Kojo, for the Commission to West and also for the Ta
He claims that they have not given any answer to the public regardless of its rituals and ritual rituals that have been committed against the perpetrators of the sector.
Nelson Roland, who was once armed with robbery, said a motorcycle was picked up in his motorcycle, and when he was going to see how his debt was damaged, he was picked up by the Iphone 12, and about 2.
The Koforidua Executives who were depositing their money at Fanteakwa Rural Bank have added a new bandage to the bank for their lack of financial support.
These executives have led the President Akufo-Addo and the law-abiding, Alban Bagbin and the Bank of Ghana to help them get their money.
The Fanteakwa Rural Bank of the Fanteakwa North Parliament, Amankwah Asiamah, was picked up in two thousand and 11,000 in the year.
This bank is headed in Begoro and its banks are situated in Koforidua, Osiem, Suhum, electricity, and other regions in the region.
They think about a thousand people were robbed of their money in this bank.
Most of the victims are farmers, businessmen, teachers, priests, miners, miners, and customers.
Their debts have also contributed to the loss of self-discipline. The businesses of the customers have also been shattered.
Most of the victims have been apprehended by GH, about G500 to GH.00 to the end of the bank.
Those whose money was largely designed before the 2016 election, as if they were to put a fire on the solemn order to give them their money. Some may have been too much of their money.
In a discussion with the Kofofofofofofofo-Affective apprehenders, the admission was challenged by the investment that he could not take measures to pay their bills.
According to them, they do all they can to get their money but don't go out. They also insist that when the law is called, they don't want it.
Speaking to the media, Elizabeth Amoah, a businessman, announced that after the 2020 elections, the prosecutor would pay their bills but wouldn't pay for them if they were called archaeologist.
He said, “I went to Begoro to take his money during the 2020 elections, the solemn prosecutor had assured him that after the prosecution was completed, he would give his money. It would be tragic that the end of the essay was successful.
He added, “When why the prosecution will have rejected me GH12,000,000 as I have gathered together. I have taken the press on the Akufo-Addo, and the law that the Constitutional Relations of Asiaah and I will not bring my money to the investment of the law.
Another man, who has a lot of money, ought to be asked by the Akufo Addo, Alban Bagbin, so we are not in the right position. This is also because we are not in the right position.
Advertisers also resorted to a vaccination; it is because of the neglected marriage and the lack of self-esteem in their banks.
The Depending on the Advancement of the Declaration of North, Amankwah Asiamah, the prime minister of this bank, said nothing about this.
Rather, he has said it was not true that he used the money of the bank to rob Nana Akufo-Adoo dwetire to compare the 2012 elections that led to the demolating of the bank.
According to the prosecution, it is not true that the bank owed a thousand people, claiming that the bank had paid most of them.
Adam Mutawkilu, who was a member of the law-enforcement mining and electricity, became attracted to the government license at $170,000,000 in the explosion, claiming that in Ghana, there will be no success.
He claims that the license will do all he can to win the case.
The official, on Thurning Star, said,”, on Thursday,, was entitled,”, I realized that it was all that had to be done and that there was no legal recognition in Ghana, and that the government had no place to do with that in the world.
The Archaeologist has allegedly accused the Mahama democracy.
The Court has begun.
In 2021, the International Court of Arbitration urged the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 for $30,000,000 and $30,000,000 accommodations with GUGP limited.
The minister of electricity, Boakye Fatherrko, was picked up by this necklace and other robbery. NPP government indicated that the country did not need this energy system.
The Judgment by the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,61, and any interest rate from the tenth month to 2018 to the conclusion to the end of the license.
The government of Ghana also pays $309,874 to ColumbiaGC for the remaining court, and $3,000,000 for the CC for their license and the testimony. All of these costs went to $3,309,874.74
The residents of the Ajumako Ochioso area in the Central region are excited because they have been flooded by a lot of fish in the stream.
This happened on Thursday, a rainy day. The residents of the town indicated that this was a blessing from their ancestors.
The residents of the area were shattered by apprehension that the residents could take some of the fish to the house.
They are the Parliament of Thurs Boagyan, Parliament, and Youfa Thurs Obosu, who worked on the river, telling that something has never been taken since the town and believed it was a blessing for the region.
According to him, some of the fish will be taken to markets. “II have been picked up by fishing, and I have picked up the twenty-four miners in Mankessin and Kasoa music.
I've come to my sense that something has never happened in the neighborhood of Aumako.”
Then, the residents offered petitions on fish and streams to help them so that the fish could be taken into the market.
One resident of the area said, “I have no work to do in this area, and this will help us to have a job to support our children at school and at home. We are making requests to the elders to help us with the challenge of working in the Aumakoako Ohioff.”
I am going to come in the Ajumako Ochioso, Maxwell Mensah, and the government to ensure that those living in the area are not equipped with the resources needed to get fish out of the river so that the young ones will be able to work.
The Director of the Institute of Energy Security, Nana Amoasi VII has expressed his views to the government, Godfred Dame, who claims that he has not done so well to the government of Ghana for $170,000,000 to the Ghana Union company GP).
Referring to the Morning Starr program on Thursday, Nana Amoasi VII announced that the government has not moved Ghanaians to excavate the excavators of $170,000,000.
“When we have the right to go on this matter, but we have taken off the COVID-19 and vote. The chief of the government did not engage in the license. He did not do what he did. It has to do, and it is because we want to look back.
The statements were reported when the Presidential Court of London revolved the Ghana government for $170,000,000 to pay the Ghana Power Union companyno.
The government of Ghana, according to London, did not use the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) Tribunal to ignore it.
The prosecution, on Wednesday, May 8, ordered the government of Ghana to pay the license as the basis for statements.
According to the government " s license, Godfred Dame, the 2020 elections were COVID-19, and they hesitated to refute London into his claims.
Charles Kimmins Qhama and Mark Tushingham, who made a truck for the license in the statement, indicated that the government of Ghana took an interest in this matter.
The Ghana government also introduced Khawar Qureshi Qasi in Serleto and Volteraa Fietta as part of the Omnia Strategy. In the court, Three rows are also used by the Ghana Association Kithi &ners and FTIonulting.
Ghana sent out people from the Amofa & Partners in the Nkran.
The three heads of the court were John Beehey, the President of the International Heridal Court of Arbitration, and Prof Albert Fiad, a professor of Ghana for the payment of the government for $170,000,000.
According to the 134 million in the concubine, 69.36 million of the concubines were cut short, 58.49 million in debt, a total of 6.4.46, for the protection of 32,448.
The prosecution also cost the Ghana government $ 614,353.86 for the trial and for three million dollars to be costly on their albums.
The intensity of the Inquisition stated that the Advancement of the Inquisition, according to the Inquisition, had to be paid only $18,000,000.
At the end of the decision to the government in Ghana, they were digested into the concluding census indicated that the license of the Kponeta-Kamanian province had the power to bring them through the Blue Oean soil on Sunday in 2017.
The court answered that the Ghana government did not have any buildings, including the Energy Commission Act, to ensure accommodate the census.
The report said, ONLINE, the President of the Dr. Kinkorah (Ogy) was able to commence the High Commissioner for the Census Census (NDD), and the minister of the Ogy, was waiting for the address of the Ministry to be delivered on the May May May May May, 2017.
According to the British law, the government has 25 days to revive the prosecution, and it has to do with any reservation until it is late for three days, before it is required for a short period of time.
Omnia Strategy, a British legislator, pleaded for a total of six days to be added. This is the time they had to go to the press twice.
The prosecution, dated eighth, 2021, took notice that the government was able to commence its prosecution to execute judgment on the implementation of the continent. Additionally, the government took place on the first day of Oforisu, 2021 before the commence of the British Commission, the Fiteretta.
The envoys of this law have been delegated to the worldwide sector, explaining that at the end of the ten days, Godfred Yeboah Dame was in a position on the day of the government and that the government was obliged to registration.
The prosecution is apprehending the verdict on the eighth, 2021, according to the statement that all the appendixes are incorrectly applicable.
The judge, Justice ButKher, has delayed.
According to the Global Arbitration Review (GARM), the prosecutor claims that the government has delayed the hygiene as well as the burning of its excavators in the first century.
According to him, the investment of the court does not allow the license to interfere with its development.
He added that it is not until the fifth day before the government ruled, it allows the government to take advantage of the time when it is not granted.
The Court has begun.
By the end of 2021, the International Court of Arbitration urged the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 for the census with the GUGP limited.
The minister of electricity, Boakye Fatherrko, was picked up by this necklace and other robbery. NPP government indicated that the country did not need this energy system.
The Judgment by the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,61, and any interest rate from the tenth month to 2018 to the conclusion to the end of the license.
The government of Ghana also pays $309,8774 to ColumbiaGC on the remaining court, and $3,000,000 for the cost of their licenses and witnesses. All of these costs went to $3,309,8787.74
It has been said that the great rainfall in Kumasi, the capital of Asante, has taken a small vacation in the Sawaba.
This little boyfriend was traveling with his parents on pragia. Through the flooding, the pragia broke down.
The residents of the area are said to have bought the water not only to see the parents but also to the point that the water was taken away.
One of the residents in the area reprimanded Francis Abban on the Morning Star Thursday,”, the ravages of the river were soaked. As a result of the rainfall, it is difficult to get through the Sawaba stray.
Other people said that the incident that led to the Ashanti Akufo-Addo from the Northern Region was also reported in the floodwaters.
The Corrupt Chairman named Iddrisu Adams, whom mostly commonly called Koomi, was picked up by the Koomi region of Asante by robbery, he was killed by armed robbery.
The census was one of the officers who were being picked up by the police, and he was picked up on May 23, 2021, when the
On the third day of 2021, the police were transferred to the places where he claims his colleagues had been robbed of robbery, and he insisted that he was killed by the Apolis in a way that he couldn't escape.
She was taken to St. Martins hospital and left.
The police have said they are looking for his robbery, and they are advised to join the police in the nearest applicants.
The police assured the public that you would do all they could to combat theft and ask for help in the public.
The deputy minister, Albert Kanpaah, has explained why the Asante Regional Regional Resource, DCOP Opare-Addo, has been unloved.
According to Dapaah, they did everything they had to do with the prosecution, so they had to do it.
The excavators initiated the Star News, a NP company named Delta Force, was trampled on by the prosecution, since he did not do what was expected to do in the region.
In a discussion with the President of the South Dayi Parliament, Rokson-Nelson Dafeampo, the Minister said it was the administration of the administration.
Rather, he did not mean that Mr. Opare-Addo was on the subject of aggression.
Opare-Addo had signed a three-year concubine to organize the state of Asante as well as two-year concubines that started on Monday, in 2018.
“What was picked up by the President on May 1921, when he was deposited, the Ministry of DCOP Opare-Addo was postponed, and he was denied the prosecution, and he was resigned from the Ministry of the Commission, the first of Arthur.
Mr. Dapaah also explained that during the last year, when he did not stop his operation, the state was unprepared for the newcomers, and that is why DPA, they were sent to armed robbery, and on the day of the raid, 2021 to go out to the revolt for the new one.
He added,”, DCOP Opare-Addo has not taken anything to the public prosecution, or I, as a khyin minister, to be responsive. As a result, the President
If DCOP Opare-Addo makes good use of the bananas on everybody, I will try to investigate the subject.
British Hae thirstisa of Ghana, Iain Walker and EIB Network, Nathan Kwabena Revsi, who is commonly known as Bola Ray, went on Wednesday on Wednesday, on Wednesday and on Wednesday, on Wednesday, on Wednesday
The application, ONTaste Ghana, led by Bola Ray, was intended to bring the British Hae thirstisa to eat some of the foods of Ghana. The excavators were subjected to the famous mineral mining sites in New New Town to the market at Nimas.
The police in the state of Adeiso have been picked up by four armed robbery, 25-59, since the excavators were excavated.
According to the Director of the Police, on May 23, it was reported that some councils were being picked up in the Okaikrom area near Adeiso, which continued to be apprehend at three ounces.
The police went to the site and saw the terathers and two peels being picked up.
The Advertisaries on the tipa teraks were working with the clients when the police saw their arrival, and the police managed to lutse Kofi, where Mitsubishi said the GE 7191.
There are four guns and seventy-five apprehended in her debt and are looking for the ring.
The enumeration of the state of the Police Conferred on Starr andws was confirmed by the fact that this person has been crashed.
He reported that the victim was picked up as a gun in the rifle in the Sammertide Deonstrution and the Sand Winning company.
He claims that the rifles and guns were taken into the police.
This happened at the time they were robbing innocent victims of the mining site.
In the midnight, 2021, the census boarded for three-thirds (9835-19), reported for the first time since the Ministry of Wednesday, was reported in
The police heard this statement, but the passengers were taken to the village to save it, and the passengers were transferred to the Summertide companytu to the village of Obeng Thurs near Adeiso.
The second person who had retrieved the police, Alhassan Zakari, whispering the gun.
Five of the people were rushed into the horizon and taken to a place where they were not aware of it.
According to the excavators, he saw his GH6,000 being picked up at the time of the gun.
The Chambers of the Kyebi were picked up with the five people who were the next day.
At 4:00 a.m., the High Commissioner arrived at the end of the day.
The police searched for Nana Barfuor Sarpong, who was said to be a national prosecutor, to see one of the AK47 accommodates and three different s
The Alhassan Zacchae and the Bright League was transferred to the state hospital in Koforidua.
As for Seisei, it has been in the state of CID that has taken place.
Those who have been picked up have been given to bed.
The President of the Abuakwa, including the President of the Abuakwa, was dispatched by GH0,000 at the end of the hygiene.
The victim was Nana Barfuor Sarpong, Nana Barima Twum Tarbiade II, all of them chiefs at Akyem Abuakwa.
Among them are the umbrella Martey, Eric Thurs Boateng, Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vintor Kin Library Kornteng and the applicants.
They will be taken to court on the 19th May, 2021, when they were picked up by bananas. This is the case: It is planned to be picked up, a victim has been robbed, robbed, robbed, robbery, ordered to engage.
The incident has been transferred to Kitawonsa on the 13th day of 2021.
The prosecutor, Cyril Boateng Keteku, a vice truck, announced that the Osa Kwame (GGL), aged 19, and Alhassan Zakari (58 years), were all farmers.
The third is Samuel Astu Forson, also the Chief Executive in Summertide Sand Winning,.
According to him, the Nana Baffuor Sarpong, said to be a national prosecutor, has been accused of arbitrary institutions as theory of the doctrine and the analysis.
The second is Nana Barima Twum Tabirade, the chief of the Adversity of the Advantages. For the third and three-thirds of the Blackhan Marteyyyyy, Nana Barfuba, was the Nana Barfufoor and the Secretary of Wednesday, on Wednesday,
The others have been shocked.
The government has taken steps to ensure that the Burkina people who are harassing Ghanaians in Bawku. Wama are arguing baraks in Bawku will improve the quality of safety in Bawku.
The President Akufo-Addo introduced these statements to the non-Witness sector to robbery in the Burkina business dealings.
He reported these incidents when he needed Bawku Naba as he picked up his apprehend in the Central Region.
According to the state near the Burkina Faso, these officers who want to bring trouble and report to Ghana are being harassed.
He added, “Bawku Naba, is familiar with the government " s plans to ensure that it will enhance the development of foreigners from the Burkina Faso program.
I're glad to take the lead in the military campus in this area to help with the ravages of the environment.”
According to Asigiri Abugrago Azoka II of Bawku Naba, the President of the Kusaug chiefs, the chiefs and people in the region as well as the Ghanaians are grateful for the arrangement in which the Ghanaian mampanin, Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo-Addo.
Referring to the Akufo-Addo in his victory over the last four years, Bawku Naba presented it as a prerequisite, and you have prayed for the wisdom and strength of the people to complete your commitment.
According to Child Rights International, a survey of 11,288 percent of the ages between the ages of 16 and 2, is expected to leave the country to find a good job.
Twenty-thirds of the population announced that they did not know whether to live or leave the country.
According to the investigation, 25 percent of those in their contacts claim to have a new country; less than ten percent of it is that they want to go to a good job, go to school or go to a better life, or because they want to leave the country.
According to the investigation, the Quoting of the country is about 80%, since the end of the 20% of the population said they do not see the country in the near future. When it comes to the laboratory, the investigation indicates that the results of the 20% in the developing literacy classes, the country claims to have been irregularized in the late 20th century.
A group of young people in the Asante Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Respondents of the Regional Region, the High Commandment of the Finance, Bishop Dagward Hewards,
His statement was relating to the verdict of the Divine Declaration on the analysis of their foreigners; the question was questioning the impact of the high-ranking chiefs in the community.
According to these youths, the famous media have resented the leadership of the Orient, and it has to do with something greater than right to forgive.
The Chief Secretary of the Association, Kwabena Frimng, said: " I have given to the high priest the Dagward Heward for a two-hour period to thwart the burning of the hydrocarbons in Asanteman, and then, to warn those who have been accused by the rumors and the Oasis to warn the
The archaeologist, Dag Heward Mills, has been picked up.
In the admission, the minister said,”, “I are saddened that I have been accustomed to what I said in the past 25 years and that some of the councils who have taken a stand in the outskirts of Kumasi.
I have visited my hygiene, President Nana Osei Tutu II for a long time in front of all troubles and troubles. I want to take my life.
The President of the National Democratic Congress has rebuked the President, Kwasi Anin-Yeboahyin of the General Legal Council on lawyer Dominic Ayine. This will be the sole dispatchance of the Dominicine Ayine.
Dr Ayine announced that it had not been illegally applied to the policy during the discussion. He also did not understand that the appendix was pronounced on the shoulders.
The statements were announced by the Centre for Democratic Development (CDD) and KNUST.
The Chief Executive Director granted GLC permission to address the prosecution and refutate the claims that he had given in the retribution.
Speaking to the media on Monday, the NDC Secretary, Johnson Asiedu Nketia, led the Chief Executive Command to refute the ban on the Bolgatanga East Parliament.
Mr. Asiedu Nketia, which is commonly known as General Mosquito, said, “I have to believe in the government itself but it doesn't have the right to be compulsive. In what way have you heard that it was incorrect to be reckoned but I am warning you that it doesn't sound about it?
He added, “When it is the policy of the government, and the government " s policy is also superior to the law. Our law and law-abiding law protects the freedom of the government and does not interfere with one of the judges. As a result, some people think that they are unable to
Mr. Asiedu Nketia also took measures against the Chief Executive Command, to focus on the NDC almighty, and to prevent it from leaving.
Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah is not surprised to have all the compliments of the Inquisitorial Commission and NDC. Why is it that the Chief Executives of the EDC will be punished by the retribution that they want to do whatever they want to do.
Ghanaians retrieved in Abiman as a peaceful country when Mauritius first reported on the 2021 Global peace Index for Institute for Economics and peace.
When it comes to universal peace, the Global peace Index is the first of all. This has taught a total of 16% and 160 countries to ensure that their country is stable. This investigation is a good investigation for the quality of peace, and the value of money in the community.
According to the survey of 16 and 160 countries, Ghana has been reduced to 1.715 seeds that led to the first phase of the population.
The first Mauritius in Abiman recovered from the world, and Botswana, who has been sown in Abiman for the first time, bought one meal throughout the world in Nigeria, the Togo Uganda, Kenya RePublicus and Cameroon.
Ieland is still the first to be a worldwide peace-lovenia. For the first time since 2008, New Zealand, Denmark, Portugal, and Slovenia.
Afghanistan is the most peaceful country (second) for the past four years and Yemen, Syria, South Sudan and Iraq. Global peace Index 2021, the Burkina Faso
Research shows that the violence in the countries of Sub-Saharan Africa has been aggressive in Namibia for six months when it comes to peace.
South Sudan is still a very peaceful country in that area, and when it comes to the world, they are part of a peaceful society despite being led in peace.
The country in that area is the lowest peace-loving country of Burkina Faso, and a nation is being strangled. The government ordered armed forces against the invasion of the revolt.
According to the investigation, the world was shattered by a total of 14,871 people. This led to the 2020-year-old Coronavirus
The investigation stated that the political and social conditions in general were shattered by the hygiene, that would be more likely to economy, the economy, the economy, and the poorest and more peaceful conditions in their country.
Despite that, more than three people throughout the world are recovered today than they were right in the last few years. It has not changed to the most violent areas, since 2008, the total number of deaths being killed in the 16th and 25 years ago.
The economy also points out that 0.07% on the 2021 Global peace Index, regardless of its righteous nature, is the total total of nine years in the peace of the universe.
The economy has added that during the last days, there have been seven more peace-loving countries, and the three-two nations left behind. For the Middle East and North Africa (GLLS), a place where there is no place of peace in the world, and not a place of peace in the world.
Europe is still the most peaceful place in the world. There are eight of the world " s most peaceful communities in this area, and there is no country in the lowest country of Europe.
The betrayal, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, has assured Ghanaians that their lives are going to be revived in his
According to him, for the past four years, everything will be very stable in the lives of any Ghanaian resident.
“We worry is that the four years ahead will make us feel unchanged in the lives of each Ghanaian community. As a result, he added those statements in Nigeria.
Mr. Akufo-Addo and the governor of Imo State in Nigeria, Owelle Ro Ro Ro Ro Ro Rohas Anayo, on Monday, added:”, during the last three or four years, Ghana " s economy is also believed to be controlled, and we worked hard to save the roads.
The excavators, John Dramani Mahama in the elections, are shaking three legs in Nigeria, and will talk to the Muhammuin Muhadu Buhari.
The President Akufo Addo also assured the Imo State that the relationship between Ghana and Nigeria is rapidly delayed.
He added, “I appreciate the relationship between the two countries. It is important that these partnerships be associated with their nominees
The President John Dramamani Mahama has appointed Joseph Whittal to be a deposited for the Commission on Human Rights and Administrative Justice (CHRAJ).
Mr Whittal was switched on Tuesday afternoon at Flagstaff House.
Mr. Whittal is the component of the hydrocarbons from the compounds, Lauretta Vivian Lamptey, since he created the country.
The President has dismissed Ms. Josephine Nkrumah as the prime minister to the National Commission for Civic Education (NCCE).
Mr. Nkrumah, the Chief Executive Vice Minister, has come to the Mr. Charlotte Osei, who was picked up by the President to be present at the end of the country for the last year of Kitawonsa.
This was done by the government to bring the councils to a week after the NPP First Command, Nao Dankwa Akufo-Addo was blazing the excavators.
The excavators will be used to cover over the hygiene in 2017.
The GN Health Insurance companyLtd, a member of the Groupe Nduomom Association, has begun ambolans business in the country of Ghana.
They are looking forward to helping those who need immediate medical attention to the need.
The GN Health Ambulance Service will be a 24-hour project to ensure that those who are in need will receive medical attention.
The Chief Executive for GN Health, Issah Adam, said, “Bio, our prime minister, has also helped Groupe Nduom, Papa Dr Dr Dr Kwesi Nduom and his vices Mrs Yvonne Nduom and all the directors of the sector.
He reprimanded the delegates, “wei was also the great beginning of the Groupe Nduom. The ambolans initiative has been added to the health system that is available to help the workers in the Greater Accra and the Central Region.
Studies indicate that women who have lost their lives in the license or who have been affected by the accident are six percent more likely to be able to bring them to the hospital. Experts say that they can do this for the most people to lose their lives in the license, GNbulance
“GN Health will ensure that we have professionals and professional professionals to deal with the problem when a problem strikes, they know
According to him, Ford ambolans 350 have every right to care for those who need medical treatment before treating their hospital. Monse, too, that the hospital will not be able to care for the infirmary.
The Ambolans has every vestige that needs to be checked before hospitals. They have a lot of hydrocarbons, such as those who have a recurring boost.
The government will say he will have to be among all those who were injured on the Latower Day.
Six people have lost their lives on such an excavators at Trade Fair Centre in Accra, and 25 people have been injured.
The deputy minister, Alex Segbefia, visited patients who were taking medical attention at the La General, Police, and 37 Military hospital, were informed of the infidelity and of the local customers.
“When indicates that the country will take all the costs to the victims of the accident, so let him delegate hospitals to support the bill.
According to him, during the day you don't know that all the customers have to wash their hands regularly, change their hydrocarbons and keep their chemist. This is all the more likely to add to the hospital here.
President John Dramamani Mahama also urged Ghanaians to pray for the injured.
The excavators provided the mining process through his Facebook panel on Friday for the injuries.
“We make family members and those who are retailed through the disadvantage, and we are not still praying for those who have been injured.
Fire has bought a mining site near the Ghana International Trade Fair Centre in Accra for the loss of five persons.
According to the residents, the fire also destroys the environment.
According to Veroni Koomson, ambolans and firemen who visited the area helped to reduce the fire.
The National Fire Service (GNFS) spokesman, Prince Billy-Anaglatey, introduced the Starr News News to the Cemini Amanor on Dawoday,”, is trying to bring it down. Armed Foreigners here, they are doing whatever is going to be done to
Koomson announced that the fire had not been extinguished, it would also fall into the mining site near the mines.
Billy-Anaglatey says he's unable to say that somebody else is affected. And he added, what matters to them is that the explosion is enough to prevent it from retaliating.
They don't know the reason for the fire to fall. The site has become a dark place because the fire has destroyed the lights in the area.
One person has lost his life in an abnormal accident on the night of Ekumfiakoti in the Ekumfi Central Region.
The Nigerian who has lost his leprosy slipped the road and swept away.
The debt was colored from Mankesim to Nigeria.
The residents reported that this man was released after he was trapped into the weeds.
The residents tried to squeeze the two people who were living in the vaccination before they bore the drivers and lost his life.
The two are accepting medical attention at the soccer Regional Hospital.
In time, people came from the Ghana Fire Service to the explosion.
In addition to the incident, the accident has doubled the number of accidents in the past two weeks.
During the last two weeks, a total of ten people lost their lives in this way that Yutong and Sprinter were trapped.
A government in the Garkal area has given Gbese mantse, Nii Ayibonte a week to forgive the excavators.
The deputy chief of Gbese is about to go through the prosecution of 2016.
Nii Ayibonte promised that the vaccination, John Mahama, would come out of the pot.
Nii Ayibonte rebuked his adversaries for believing that the Mahama will come off victorious in the republic.
The head of the Accra Heart of Oak was not apprehendly to the head of the day.
Nii Ayibonte did not say anything about what would happen to Nana Akufo-Addo.
The chiefs of Ga, who are demanding to get out of the vaccination, are said to have no right to rule.
The police have reported that two women lost their lives and that more than ten people were injured and injured in the Daboya-Busumu area.
Fifteen people who were going to be pregnant were living in debt from Daboya to Sawla.
The Police Police of the West Gon Region, ASP Seidu Wemeh, claims that the vaccination of the 2304-four [ 2304 m ] was affected into the Daboya area, and the two were immediately deprived of their lives.
The two children left were adults who were between the ages of two and four years of age.
They can't see the cause of the accident, and ASP Seidu claims that the police will investigate if the driver was drinking.
He added that the injuries were taken to the state " s office in Tamale, and only one person was taken to Damongo.
Traditional accidents are rare on the Daboya-Busnu road, regardless of how unavoidable it is.
The residents of the area claim that it is not true that the first accident in this year is happening.
It has been said that the accident has not been reported to police.
The minister of ogy, Dr. Matthew Opoku Prempeh, has announced that the government is doing all the things it takes to do as much as the mining industry in Ghana has developed lightning and effectively.
He added that most people believe that the sungy is important in order to improve the quality of technology.
He added,”O stealgy is the most important electricity, and that is what the elderly are using in their country to support their economy.
Based on the International Energy Agency Professional Professional Advancement, it is difficult to get the power of lightning.
Dr Opoku Prempeh made this statement when he used his adversaries to quote the incident at Stakehold Forum on Ghana, Nuclear Power Programmeme in Accra.
As part of the Ghana Industries (AGI) and Nuclear Power Ghana (NPGG), they were signing the phase of the project,”Nuclear Energy Innovations: The Future for Energy and tooke deporbanisation of Ghana.
According to Dr Opoku Prempeh, the plan will reduce the decline of the air from the truck and the burning of the truck.
As a matter of lightning that there are always enough to be available and that the firms have made it necessary to have something else that could serve as a source of energy in the country of Ghana.
According to him, if we look at the country " s need for electricity, the electricity rate and the hydrocarbons of the sungy, we will be able to provide us with licenses.
The sungy power is not limited to lightning but also enhances the quality of the country for the long periods of working.
According to him, in 2017, the President of John Agyekum Kufuor heard the vaccination of the compounds of Professor Daniel Adzei-Bekoe and insisted that analysts be made to ensure that the sungy could cause the light of Ghana?
Meanwhile, Ghana has a lot of light problems.
As a result of the development of electricity, the country announced that the government and all its attendants had arranged to invest the energy program to improve the quality of the sungy.
This is how the NPG struck the sungy.
He reported that Mr Fred Oware, after the NPG excavators, they headed for the hydrocarbons needed to ensure that the programs of the sungy have been improved in the country.
The minister added that if we have a light from the sungy, it can also help keep the air in the country.
He added,”, he has the power to help improve the quality of human life in many ways and to ensure that even business transactions are also being done.
“We are industrious, both parties and agricultural sectors are using the sungy power in all parts of the world, including Ghana.
After a four-year period of vaccination with the vaccination of the lakes, this system has taken its toll.
The plane was introduced to 28.5 million vessels; it was taken to 38.5 in the previous year; to 70.2 in 2020, and those who had the program indicated that it would be used for nine million.
The Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA) has said they are with the Food and Beverages Associationof Ghana (FABAG) and other firms to pay the payments they have to pay.
The Buk Press, the Commission Committee in Ghana, and DelaRue, a British commerce and the Games are being recruited to GRA, and the Streamline Resoursies in Tema Port are also supporting the construction sites.
The Purokyɛt President of the GRA, Mr. Kwabena Apa Awuah Anto, said this will help to reduce the expenditure.
Speaking at the Graphic Communications Group Limited (GCGL), on Thursday, Anto announced that the GRA management of the Ghana Limited and Coca-Colavable Coca-Colacomy has allowed for their actual jobs.
The chairman of Daily Graphic, Mr. Kobby Asmah, was advised Mrlin Sowa and his editors to give Mirrorwa a letter, Ms Doreen Hammondic. Graphic Communication Group Limited (GLL) to the Chairman who led the Air Atofful.
The company went to see how the plane was going to be recruited and then joined together with GRA as to how to improve the development of this system.
Mr. Anto concluded that the plan will lead to the decline of the hygiene that has contributed to the development of the democratic sector and the development of the state as well.
Additionally, he added that this arrangement will help to improve the economy and help to ensure that the sector is in the same position as marketing.
Mr. Anto said, “Theradie we eat here and the three areas of the country don't accept the money of the customers.
Among other things, the payments and expenses of the licenses.
According to him that the end of the event took place in 2018, government took notice that no one had been attacked on the ships and that is why the President of Colmisa has arranged for them to meet the country and is said to have to payment.
Mr Anto claims that this meeting will mean that GRA will give the people all the money or share the payments with the people of the country.
In some countries living in Kenya, passengers are retailed or deposited on the plane before they become part of the country.
Ghanaian planes have held the blame on the party or on the party.
In addition to the institutions of the economy, the institutions of the corporation are being added.
Mr. Anto explained the problem that Tema was going through was not being able to bring the ships into the season. He added, on the other hand, the efficiency of the party was due to the customer, not to the customers of the day.
Moreover, he added that those who are overly suspended are unwilling to retail any more debt, so they are sent to the Tema area to take the plane into their beaks, and this is what led to the waiting process.
If the passengers are unchanged, they will be able to wait.
The Engyinians prepared the equipment and allowed them to work on the plane.
In his statement, Mr. Asmah rebuked GRA to let their plans go unnoticed.
According to him, it is important that it will help all in the country to control the policy, and it will enable people to avoid it.
GRA and Streamline Resoures were elected to bring a solution to the problem.
Because they have seen the development of the plane, he announced that GRA and GRA would join them in support of the system.
Mr Asmah said, “I believe it is time ago that GGL and GRA are joined together to make plans to ensure that the universe will be fully understood.
According to the Institute of Energy Security (IES), the amount of oil is high. IES is said to be likened to investors.
In 2021, Oil Marketing, Oil Markeompanies (OMMS), was three% of the first oil jets (3%. As a result, the oil has been purchased on one GH597. Sesoline).
According to a study of IES, Zen Petroleum, Benab Oil, a soil, Goodness Oil, Top Oil, and Frimps Oil are the most expensive oil in the marketplace.
According to this extension, the International Benchmark Brent decreased a single election to $73.98, claiming that it was up to 4.05% and used for $71.10.
With the increase of COVID-19 Europe and the disease in the United States, the growth rate of oil has increased.
For the first time in the two years, Brent reduced it to $75, since we entered the shop and also because it has been granted permission to travel anywhere, as oil was mined around the world.
Unfortunately, the total number of statutes and passengers has increased.
All Brent oil prices are based on obstacles to developing oil into Europe, Asia, and Middle East, as well as on the increase.
The Fango price will change during the Kitawonsa month since the OPEmo +u to be held during the first day of Kitawons. They are going to think of the way it will go back to the court.
The Standard and Poor, on the Global Platts Platforms, is said to have increased the rate of oil and dignitaries in other countries in short term.
The total cost was increased to 3.47%, indicating that the cost of $671.45 was high at $694.78.
That was also what 3.533% of the mining cost of $597.30.
According to IES investigations of the world " s economy, the hypnotism has changed. It has been sold for $1. GH597.30.
South Africa has become part of countries where the Nigerian country has often been targeted for refusing to leave foreigners or passengers in the country to enter the Nigerian country since the COVID-19 Delta epidemic has gone out in South Africa.
Those who traveled to South Africa for two days are not allowed to enter the Nigerian country.
The directors of South Africa who want to go to Nigeria have to spend seven days in the country.
This policy also prevails in the Brazilian and Turkish communities.
Kaaka Mohammed " s death was also tragic and shocking.
God does not hide his soul from him and make it hard for his disciples.
Immediately, some people are saying that the government is behind his death, while others are praying that the government is unaware of his death.
This is also because it doesn't stop the investigation from happening.
When we look at the government " s birth on the PROBountry, I don't think that the government is aware of the deaths, even if I have been extremely sensitive to the deficit, nothing can happen if a man can change his room.
The government met those who were accusing him to bring their hearts down.
Later, the exhibition took place on the two parties to talk about what the government is doing to repair the country.
We have not only the supporters of the government but also the advocacy of the advocacy of the analysts.
Also, the police, who were trying hard to ensure that those who were demonstrating the exhibition were not being heard in public and that the COVID-19 was well-founded, but those officers were unable to keep the crowds at Sir John " s funeral.
All of us can allow the government to be subjected to the burning of death, even if some people think that he is honest because he is untrue.
It has to be seen again that it is unthinkable that the political prejudices that are taking place can also intensify the insecurity of the government.
No other building projects can be used to indicate that Kaaka died after a man.
We have to do the best of research to ensure that the answer is given.
I don't have all the soldiers who did not know anything to go to the two people.
If we have a complaint, we will not use the method they used to pick up their jobs and train them.
The government will continue to take the lead in the fact that all the military services are politically aimed, not politically, but also against impunity, including Mobrowa Struggle in 2000, I have a major role in the sector as the bridge.
We saw how the police and the soldiers took us through, even if they had to touch us.
Who is happening?
Who was trying to shoot him? “beela?
Does that sound like a gun to stop the exhibition?
In what way was the military managed?
Who did he take him to work? Who was the one who trained him?
This person was a wicked man in the military robbery.
I am trying to be a violation of the political sector and other professionals of the Abiman.
What most people do not realize is that what is happening is said to be very significant about how much Ghana has grown up in the sector of the sector is in contrast with my arguments.
What I am saying is that some of those in the government are the opposite of the way the military is using the control of the analysis.
Are the Ghanaians who are advocating gaas less likely to be attacked?
Did water and plastic bulbies serve?
Government would like to inform the security officers of the sector to ensure that the institutions of the sector will be accommodated, as well as the government would like to bring the security officers back to school to ensure that we have been recruited, or if they were not speaking, they would
As a result, people are more likely to be self-respectful.
The prosecution has its own legs on this matter, and he will give people the opportunity to be assured and the issue will be unleashed.
In the eyes of the tutor, do not consult the company to find work.
Because the Firstsomse is also on the ground, it is unlikely that it is not possible to rectify the situation. For this reason, it has to do with its own legs.
The Nine-year-old Thomas Amoani who graduated from school at the Adeiso Presbyterian Senior High School, who was confined to the Ghana Sholarships Secretariat, has thanked the government of Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo Addo.
The Krapanin of the Commission, Mr. Kingsley Agyemang, has announced that the Thomas Amoani, who had only been obtained in the West African Semiondary School Certificate Examination in the following year, has been deduced to study at the Brunel University of London.
The nine-year-old man from the Asuaba, near Adeiso, will learn the Economics and Business Mountains at the university.
His concluding statements struck the country throughout the country when the student was conversing with the press, Thomas Amoani
The President Akufo-Addo heard this message and ordered him to be given the right to him.
As a result of the call, the President of the Appointments announced the press that the Thomas will encourage the others to study in spite of their homes.
Mr. Agyemang said, “Whend that there are many residents of Thomas, I assure them that the socer system is ready to help them. This incident in Thomas has a positive effect on the Akufo-Addos
When he got to the university, Thomas Amoani, a enthusiast, announced that he would take the lead in his country of Ghana to ensure that Ghana will never be disappointed.
He added, “I have never imagined that the man will use the vaccination to give us the opportunity. I thank them for their faith. I will never let my country under Ghana.”
The Brunel University London is a university in the Uxbridge region of London, England. The university was heard in 2966, and the Imperfectural Regional Regional Regional Resources Commandment, in the United States, has to be traced to
There is nothing wrong with the High Commandment, Judge Kwasi Anin Yeboah, who will initiate Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, also the Bolgatanga East Parliament of Legal Council (GLC).
The Cyine ba Genral Council (GLL), according to the statements of the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and the applicants, is entitled to Dr Ayine son Genral Council (GL).
“I believed that the Chief Chief Justice was the people who were under the control of the prosecution because the statement by Dr Ayine has not been compromising because of the way the election was handled, he did not conceive in the public sector.
Through the comments by Dr Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, the Chief Executive Minister, Dr Dominic Akuriting Akuritinga Ayine, has been introduced to the Presidential election Petition on the Abibiman constitue of the Abiman Police
Dr. Ayine has been introduced in a way to direct the public sector, and why is it that the vaccination of the country took place on the ratio of the 2020 President.
According to the Willtihyin, Dr. Ayine " s credibility in the discussion is that it is going on top of the court order that it will not be unlawful of the law and that it will be posted on the shoulders.
“Dr Ayine said a statement about the port of the jaws was overnight about the election, and the license was introduced to the license, Dr. Ayine, on the day when the truck was picked up and the truck was picked up, and it was announced that it was
Dr. Ayine " s defense to the executive officers of the prosecution was that the application of the verdict was indiscriminate.
He emphasized that he did not preach badly.
“When how I gave my answer, it is my duty to follow the government policy. Through the training and learning I have, I will be able to express my concern for the incomparable institutions of the government in Ghanaian sector.
He also added that his words were the same.
On the day when the large political party, the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and the pressing took place in Accra, it was introduced to the Chief Executive Commandment, as he pulled the ban on Dr. Ayine.
Mr. Ndebugre, on the other hand, is not compromising his post on Dr Ayine. According to him, Dr Ayine " s statement did not intensify one of the judges or other executives, who was speaking to the general sector.
With Citi FM in Accra, on Tuesday, May 23, 2021,, Mr. Ndebugre said, “ believe there is nothing wrong with the best judge.
The figure, in 1996, was speaking against the President of the country in an arbitrary the Mensah Bonsus, Stephen Qurighteus and Tommy Thompson, which is said to be Mensah Bonsus has been criticized by the Justice Government, and the prosecutor moved on to the public sector.
The chief judge does not condone the law to impose the ban on him.
I think there is nothing wrong with that the chief executive is going to blame.”
The next reason, Dominic Ayine was the victorious proselytist, and then he and his high-ranking man.
Eternally, you have to go to the place where you are accused of not advising your bananas.
Similarly, the chief executive judge also claims that his actions have denied the authority of the government.
Mr. Ndebugre added, “You is heading toward you. It has to sit down on the statements of NDC and Dr Ayine on the Commission.
He claims that there are two kinds of hydrocarbons here, as if you were preaching and advocacy on the part of the public sector, or the prosecution of the judgment on the part of the matter.
If you were guilty, you might say they do not agree with the judgment, “na says that the party believes that Dr Ayine has the authority to express her opinion and that they cannot lead the law, I don't agree with
The whole is that you have to go before the Ministry of Commandance and say you were not thinking, but if you said that the most prominent judge in the government law is not entitled to the prosecution, and they do not accept the regulation of the government. They must go there
They asked that since you were the Chief Executive Leader and the President of the Commission, the Ministry of the Conscience, he was sending Dryine to his own conference, Mr. Ndebugre replied.
In an illustration, the men were taken to the penalty of the law-enforcement Commandment said,” the people who were taken there were not their opinions, and they did not say that the lawbreakers were ignorant when they were being reviled.
I don't remember that the one who was the best judge did or did not.”
What I am saying is that the Chief Justice has complied with the bananas, and I know that the Chief Executive Director is the person who has to be accused of the bananas, since his violation of the government law and the rights of the government.
The prosecution doesn't mean that you are sentenced to death. There you should go there to explain the advocacy of the press.
Upon going there, you may be able to say the problem, and alisei what she is speaking is not important. I will advise Ayine to try to refute the penalty, and it will help them to remain in the right place and to give the best viewer without realizing that he is
The incident following the election year after the Commission, the National peace Council (NPC) has initiated initiatives to help unite the country.
According to the Kansere, the assertions of the parties can lead to aggressive behavior in the country.
P shows that there will be a conversation between the parties and the public in the district of Ada in the Greater Accra.
CommonwealthSecretariat and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) were apprehended by the MPLOntering 2020 elect20, violius and heat for ater Politicalto in Ghana.
The aim of this project is to make sense for the public to promote unity, peace among the participants and to promote the peace and unity of the country.
They were present at the Commonwealth Secretary, Rt. Hon. Patricia SSland; UNDP representatives, Dr Angela Lusigi, Mr. Kojo Oppong; President of State, Ambrose Desoary, and convoles for the Administration of the country.
They were the nominees of the reputy Vice President, Dr Eric Bossman Asare; the High Commissioner, National Democratic Congress, New PatrioticParty, President of the Party People, the chief priests, the chiefs, and the people in the country.
Mr Dery said, no matter what his policy took place on the election, there were other forms of violence that some people lost their lives and property.
According to him, at least three incidents of violence occurred in the country where six people lost their lives.
Mr Dery said the government is investigating the problem and will be punished.
Mr. Kan-Dapaah also announced that in order to improve the country, the political sectors are becoming self-esteemed.
Rt Hon SUotland, in the peace of the country, was deeply impressed by the Commonwealth family.
Ghana has taken the lead in the democracy, which he said, " I am a burden on the towns, and that country is also a great reminder. We have great assurance in Ghana.
She also announced that the women and the virgins were engaged in the law of the country.
The Chief Executive, Rev. Ernest Adu-Gyamfi, announced that this project would be linked to the political and social sector.
According to him, this discussion will help solve all the problems that have occurred after 202.
The Chief Executive of Transeco Mineral and Mining, Mr. Godwin Amarh, has built a six-day facility facility in the Atiwa West region.
He added GH?295,000 to the buildings of this school, and this is one of the most likelihoods to help improve the quality of their living conditions.
Mr. Amarh indicated that the students in the early school had to get academics because it helps them to get a better license.
According to him, they have not been able to translate in any way because the country has not compromising its education, so it is important that the umbrella also serve as a source of education.
“When our work at Transeco Mining and Minerals compat we are planned to help to enhance the quality of our educational institutions in all parts of our society. That is why the company has been willing to help to improve the quality of the literacy classes.
" I am glad that I'll be here to open the school. All of us know how much education is important for people and for the people and for the country. To get students to paint a school bacillus, it has to be a good foundation, and that is why we are in this school room.
Mr Amarh added that the classroom is a thank-you to the chiefs and people of the sector who have had a good relationship with the company since the company was organized into their community.
Mr Amarh said it wasn't true that the government has put an alleged stone on maen in the country.
He claims that the government will use the capacity to ensure that the maen will improve, not to sow it.
Mr. Amarh said, “When has always been accustomed to arbitrary hydrocarbons, but they are told where water and forests are incompatible and where there is no one to do all maensday
The maenservant was advised not to go to the maens but to do the assigned site.
Mr. Amarh, also a Secretary for the Ghana National associationof Small Skule Miners (GNASMM), urged his members to help improve their working communities.
He added that the miners have not changed their claims about destroying communities and leaving them without letup.
According to him, some of the maens are trying hard to understand.
He admonished,” the Intelligence Committee has a lot of people in the communities where we work. I know that most members of the sector have built school buildings and have helped to build electricity.
Approaching the Foundation and Abdul Samad Rabiu Africa Initiative (ASR Africa), the amount that Rebeaa Foundation will cost $500,000.
This amount will come from ASR Africa in the year, and it will be completed to the African Fund for SocialDevelopment and Renewal approximately a hundred million copies of the Rebe to academic academics.
At the meeting, the director of the ASR Africa Service, Mr. Ubon Udoh, accused the party of being volunteered for the irregularization of women.
He also introduced the party to the innovation of democracy, which has helped the sector to enhance the quality of education, regulation, and even development.
He added,”, we had been investigated that Rebesia Foundation was a charitable organization in Ghana, and ASR urged us to help them.
The Executive Director, Mrs Rebe, became the Akufo-Addo, thanking ASR Africa for their support.
He promised that the company will use the money to enhance the growth of the literacy classes in the country.
According to the UK government, Nnamdi Kanu, who is part of the crowds in Nigeria, has been unaware of the fact that the Igbo people have increased there to arrest and fulfill the vows made to Nigeria.
According to the Police, Interpol the next day Mr Kanu, a British and also from Nigeria Kwasiada, was transferred to Nigeria.
The tirisin banana was struck in Nigeria in 2017, he was also picked up from the country after he was given an apprehend.
They think they were picked up in their UK, where they believed they had heard.
The British Haekɔmisa spokesman said before BBMMI could say, Until they had not taken the lead in the country.”
He went to Benada; he was in Nigeria with the police in the middle of the day.
He will be reassigned to the law on Sunday, May 23, 2021.
In 2009, when he began the Radio Biafra at London, which took place in Nigeria. As a result, the residents of the Biafra were introduced, he put these initiatives on the back of his department to locate the Nigerian country.
Over the years, he heard the Indigenous People of Biafra (the revolt against their Nigerian government.
The first day in 2015, it brought about a lot of dramas.
I was excited to see that they were making repairs in the Independence Square year ago.
The project was being made for the project by the President, John Jerry Rawlings.
The Institute of Directors-Ghana (IoD-Gh) has commenced the Bank of Ghana (BoG) in the long-term measures of how the company in the country will be affected.
They have been asked to have a special relationship with the Bank of Ghana that will enable the sector to improve the quality of the civilization.
When they visited the BoG President, the President of IoD-Gh, Mr. Rokson Kwesi Dogbegah, announced the Bank of Ghana, Dr. Ernest Addison, has been elected by the leadership of the economy.
According to Dr. Addison, the BoG has helped to improve the quality of banking in the country.
The statement made by the members of the company said about the reason they went to BoG was that they were being picked up in the way they were defrauded by the company in Ghana and wanting to maintain a close relationship with the BoG.
Speaking about the development of IoD-Gh on the roads, Mr. Dogbegah claims that IoD-Gh was taking steps to ensure that the democracy will flourish in the country.
He claims that national democracy is also one of the policies in which roads are being sown.
He indicated that each year, a number of people and agencies will be dispatched in the sector and will help to ensure that the country will be replaced by components.
He added that the company and other company have been associated with the Ghanaionof Integrated Thinking and Reporting that will contribute to the growth of the company.
The Chief Executive of BoG announced that the institutions of corporate democracy are a major part of the economy.
According to him, the regulation of their corporations, the conduct of the staff, and the likelihood of the banks will not help the banks to regulate their hygiene.
He added that Ghanaians are supportive of the institutions of democracy, and he announced that BoG will also help to enhance the functions of the corporation of the banks and reduce the economy in the country.
The new year we will spend, the other is for Arteta to work hard.
As mentioned earlier, Arsenal decided to reveal the Arteta, and the participants are more likely to change the year in front of us.
No one can deny that what Arsenal did in the same manner, the components of the sector would come into the club.
Many people are wondering if the so-called supervisors are able to do the job or are the prosecutors asking if they are able to do the job?
Arteta and Pep Guardiola played a role in the reputation of being a component of the age of nine.
The Nso Arsenalal, like the same thing, does not assume that he has worked for seven months. Many are saying that the team has been greater than the time when Unai Emery was a gun, but the Arteta became part of the release of the Arteta in Europe.
Arteta was the chief of Arsenalham, who was picked up as he was about to be rescued but who was robbed of their grief and liquidity, as was ehelsea and Tottenham.
It will take time for people to forget what the Super League will do.
But I can say that Arsenals belong to them, the Kroenke family has nowhere to go.
The Arteta has no reason to limit the movement of the sector and will allow the election of the tActes to be elected in the year ahead. It is not the way for it to be recruited in the Arsenal sect
De Gea doesn't agree to be the vice leader.
The President of Manchester United United, David De Gea, is expecting to continue his work in a new sector, doesn't assume that David De Gea is in the census to 2023.
What I're hearing from Old Trafford is that De Gea and I don't think that the first person, Dean Henderson, has a relationship with him, De Geah is not there to let him sit outside.
I haven't heard Atletitiao Madrid, Paris Saint Germain and Real in Madrid.
David De Gea, who has been robbed of his census in the upper space of his career, despite the fact that some of the people in the club have been displaced for two years.
The President Solskaer has said,” the President has been apprehending.
They are ready, each one of them has the right time to go out and go out with the prosecutor.
Because of their special partnership, the volunteers are always in heaven.
They gather one another to improve their efficiency.”
I believe that the goat is proving true, but if you don't have a chance chanced upon by Geah, I don't want to go out of Old Trafford.
I will bring West Brom again.
The West Bromwih Albion has returned from the Premier League for the year of their arrival in the league.
Once the Championship will be returned to the Premier League, it is the reason that Sam Allardy will be able to live together again.
It has not been in the past that he has created a sector, and it is sad that this disgrace has occurred. If West Bromm officials want to hear what they have to do, they have a job.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles, byonor Gallagher and Okay Yokuslu, will return to the compliment of West Brom West Brom because they were ready to go. Mathe Pereira, healm Roal Robinson, Hal Robson-Kalanu-Hobson Graan can make a success for them.
The person who knows ammiriah is particularly agitated in Manchester.
Who knows the ammiriah mostly moved in the Manchester City club?
Forever, not Raheem Sterling.
Police Pep Guardiola placed a sigh of trenens on the floor and put them on the floor to approximately ten costs.
The vaccination officers who were unable to dignify the ballroom also announced that no one was missing.
Havertz can do this.
Thomas Tuhel is delivering Kai Havertz on his second residence against Fulham.
Tuhel agrees that since Kai came from Bayern Leverkusen to Stamford Bridge, he was told as much as he wanted.
You are going to a new country, and there is a lot of plans for trucks that made it difficult for him and also made COVID-19 easier.
The Champions League faenal and basketball year is believed to be the key to our sense of urgency and corruption.
Solskaer is supporting the United.
Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Relations of the Manchester United. Relationships and assurances that they can work hard.
All this is being done was Ole Gunner Solskaer, and I talked to some of the United staff about their supporters, nobody has
Solskaer helped to bring the Bruno Fernandes and the Poson Region into the company, and their nominees were highly esteemed.
As a member of the Solskaer, it has been announced that he will be part of the compliance with the Solskaer for a year.
Paul Pogba also enjoys a lot of things, including his partnership with the
If you are dating with the United and you are wearing them, they are more likely to go off victorious.
One way to introduce the President Ed Woodward is by letting Solskaer sit in the club so that he can change the interest of the customers.
As a result of the invasion of the Manchester United, Solskaer has become the most important person in the sector. The supporters and supporters believe that this is a vaccination census.
The pal-teel was gone.
He wants to go.
I don't see the expenditure when they are dating with Leeds United for the end of the week.
Harry Kane is even more aggressive than all the players who compete with them; he tells what his hosts do on the park as if their operations were going.
They were speaking to Leeds, and he was a quiet man whom I had never seen.
I believe that this is an indication that Harry wants to get out of the Spurs ball sector and is looking for ways to find out.
Wolves are eager to have a straw.
Nuno Espirito Santos has found it necessary to scrap them into the club.
Pedro Neto, the prosecutor of Reben Neves, who has been recruited by the miners, has been accustomed to the
Fabio Silva and Raul Jimenez have also been injured by their backs, since the Obubuo in the month, it is not possible to keep the knife.
Wolves has been living on the last year of the day.
The Wolves Constitution has assured Nuno that he will be given money to build a loan.
The seventh month is the tenth day, and it will see if he can compete in the last two competitions.
For about two months, she has been accustomed to playing ball with her head, and she doesn't have the right to pay for her competitors.
Sir Alex has moved on McTominay.
If a large figure, such as Sir Alex Ferguson, is speaking to Manchester United, it is important that they listen to him.
He's so excited about SUott McTominay and shows that it has to be held for the United.
Sir Alex said, “Scott McTominay has become the most promising figure in the United.
“We are the names of McTominay by the United.”
She also works hard to improve her personality.
I brought him to the club at age seven or eight.
She was a straw
What is the greatest source of income.
Three different types of software.
For four months, the Manchester United has never been picked up at the Premier League competitive census
If they do not win their competitors, Sheffield United will be the first football club, since 1904-195 players who have not been picked up in two athletes.
Dr Madzorera said it is necessary to reduce the spread of health problems, and people are not permitted to talk to them about the disease in spite of their surroundings.
They also insist that they do not have the right kind of compensation instead of waiting for the disease before going to the hospital.
Theaps United Secretary, Levis Uriri, has announced that the problem in the movement has been solved and that all excavators who had been recruited are preparing for their competitions in the sostle Premier League.
In an interview with Studio 7, he announced that they had been recruited with the license.
He added that soon they were given the payment of the past month. He also indicated that some unknown people were misleading the soaps United players for their competitive census.
The Ukrainian said they had not received their wages because they were in a state of disabilities, and the government had not even paid for them.
Those who struggle to change their view of the matter have to change the law of hyin and that of the present life-style, as well as the protection of girls and women.
According to the SayWhat, the majority of the people in the country are unaware of the hyin law, so the government has to do with the sanctification of the universe.
Ndlove put on Studio 7 that it is necessary to change the law of hyin because it was written long ago.
Ndlove indicates that there was a mental problem, HIV-AIDS-AIDS, and what is the reason for hyin.
Ndlovu explained that the law does not permit any hospital on the basis of the hyin system and the law allows it to be confined to a hematologist.
Ms. Tendaishe, who has been arbitrarily recruited in the state of freedom on the Right Now Right, has to be relevant to the hyin law in order to ensure that it will not be recruited.
Mshamire testifies to the fact that most women have lost their lives because of the hyin.
While most young people want to change the law of the hyin, some of the officers disagree. It has been said that it has no right to condone the hyin law and that it doesn't mean that it doesn't make it necessary for young people to live.
Parliament entailed the hyin law in 1977 before the nation was making its own freedom.
The Apolis Regional Minister of MDC-T, led by Nelsonson, has been in the home of MDCan Tsyangirai.
This happened to some of the members who were taking the lead in Ms Thokozani Khupe took the lead in order to ensure that they were under the control of the
According to Ms Khupe, it has not been ruled since Morgan Tsyangirai was trapped for two years after his death.
Directors are the two deputies, Tendai Biti and Lynett Karen Core. Davidhimi, Lovemore vaccination, Gladys Hlatywayo, and others.
The passengers were said to have been on the move to a large party to be picked up by the police.
Since Director, Paul Nyathi, was known for their lack of access to the Directors, Studio 7 has not yet been picked up by the police in the license of the most common people.
The MD President Fadzai Mahere announced that they had been picked up.
According to this year, the total total number of excavators and Khupes have been illegal, not in the law of the law, and in the Ms Khupe will be the most likelihood of what is going on in the
At the end of the incident, Ms Khupe released four law-enforcements, and why not make the party so that these people are not part of the
Those who were released from the Parliament and Thabitha Khumalo, Prosper Mutseyami, Lilian Timveous, and a hundredrlton Hwende.
Some Zimbabweans in other countries have concluded that Robert Mugabe was responsible for the excavators in the country.
According to the President of the Cergen University in Norway, Zimbabwe Yibuyas Chapter, Dr. Vi Vi Vitahimtu, it is said that Mr Mugabe has played an important role in the Abimann contemporary, but one family in Zimbabwe has been accustomed to the futility of
Drhimhutu shows that Mr. Mugabe " s relationship with the Abiman Executives is one of the reasons why the Abibibiman officials respected Mugabe.
Mugabe is said to be remembered by his adversaries and by his claims of Physicians as well as by his definition of foreign countries, including the United States and Britain.
When a member of the Mugabe Zanu party is the opposite of the non-Witness or disrespective of those outside the government, the members of the same group are being rebuked.
Mr. Mugabe will be held in bed for Kwasia, although it has not been placed in the marketplace.
Patients and police officers working in the public hospital have rebuked the government for the end of the month when the government will not pay their bills, they will
The President of Zimbabwe, Fortune Nyamande of Zimbabwe, who claims that the members of the media are also subjected to compliance to the government for what they want to do.
Dr Nyamande said the government has been informed by the press on the first day of the new year.
They say they are dealing with the police in the public hospital and are in the process because they don't have enough money to transport licenses to work, since their pays are some of the money that the government promised to provide.
Dr Nyamande also complied with the government for using the licensed licensing legislation.
The minister of economy, Patrick Chinamasa, took the initiative to conclude that the government has not been able to pay some workers in this year since there is no money.
Dr Nyamande says, “When Chinamasa picked up the vaccination of the latest elections, so we will take the same course.”
The Koogyis who were supposed to be paid on Monday have received their payments on Tuesday. But those who serve as public services, such as doctors and passengers, will pay their bills on this day, yesterday.
But many of the government workers who were conversing with Studio 7 showed that they did not believe they would get their wages at the end of the day.
We have not been able to deal with the adversaries, David Pari on the revolt, the Prisciah Mupfumira has not communicated with the way to combat the revolt.
I will not become a political party that has no part in the government, and the police are being harassed with their citizen.
The Zimbabwen lawyers for the instigators have announced that the number of people who have been robbed of their rights is mostly posters, and the students attending school at Allen Wilson in Harare are unacquainted.
Another victim was Makomborero Haruzivishe, the former leader of ZINASU who visited today and his partner Allan Moyo.
We couldn't talk to Director Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi because he was not speaking to the archives.
Haruzivishe and Moyo will go out on Tuesday, where they will have been thinking about the license.
The United Nations World Health Organization (When it has revealed that Corona virus has been the most likelihood of the death toll by 16 and 25 people in the vaccination sites to become a global burden.
For two days, Corona virus has been attributed to 2000, and 9800 people throughout the world have been infected with robbery and legs.
According to WHO, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebrevesus, they believed it would be possible to solve the problem, and they fear that the disease will spread to other countries.
Politicians, Dr. Obadiah Moyo, claims that Zimbabwe has taken over the hundreds of excavators and communities to ensure that they are in Corona virus or not.
People investigating their facilities in Zimbabwe are entering their rooms for two weeks.
Former officials, Dr Henry Madzorera, said Zimababwe needs more money to combat the disease.
Robert Mugabe will be trapped on Harare Wednesday, and the funeral will be held for a day.
Assemblies, Ms Moni Mutsvangwa reported the incident after the meeting ended.
Mr Mutsvangwa said the government is gathering together for the funeral of Mr. Mugabe.
They were asked why they were speaking before the funeral of Mugabe, Mutsvangwa, as well as foreign deputy Minister Sibusi Moyo, was asked,” he was not in the right to say when they were going to be a funeral during the time of his family in Singapore.
He says the government is dealing with the members of the Mugabe family.
The President of Katizagombo, Gibson, indicated that there is no recording in Mugabe, since the government of Emmerson Mnangagwa is in danger.
The Maor General Trust Mugoba of the last week will be buried on Wednesday at Heroes Acre burial ground in Harare.
In other cases, the government claims that the Zimababwe people have been affected by the violence of South Africa, and two Zimbabweans have lost their lives.
Moyo announced that the government was taking steps to bring the survivors back home.
The government also claims that political institutions such as hygienes have been reduced to sixty-thirds of crime. Today, the dictators have decided to meet the challenge of health and economy and the economy to ensure that workers are being deposited.
Politicians, Dr Obadiah Moyo, announced that he and his economy will live to ensure that they will do what they have accepted.
The doctors put their equipment on the ground for the last week as well as their wages.
The Chapter of Itai Dzamara Chances for the Census, also a leader of the Onupy Africa Un Square, the Eai Dzamara Trust International Women Days today.
The project took place in Highfield and the hygiene of the women who came to the program was given a list of hydrocarbons and
The spokesman for the Dzamara family, also a member of the Itai Dzamara Trust, Mr. Partson Dzamara rebuked Studio 7 as proof of his love for the five years, which his brother had strayed in that month.
He says his brother was determined to engage in politics, the people heaped on his job, and to complete it in love, and Itai Dzamara Trust will continue to support his good works.
According to his company, the Highfields, since it was born there, and there they will go to places to help women and non-Witnesses in the law, hygiene and
Among those who came to the program was Remeberan Institute Zuze, who said, regardless of not seeing Mr. Dzamara, has been impressed by the sector.
An unnamed young woman named Studio 7 said it has been accustomed to learning a lot in today " s programs.
Partson Dzamara indicated that a monument would be used to commemorate his brother who was the next day at Glen View Tuesday in Harare.
According to him, seise does not know where his brother is or even if he is alive.
According to him, those who worked with Itai Dzamara were like police officers, armed men, Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission and prosecutors.
As a global immigrant, Zimbabwean immigrants in South Africa have nothing to eat since the terrible incident in South Africa.
Some residents of Zimbabwe say that South Africa has not denied an agreement with a group like the United Nations to respect the immigrants.
The Chief Secretary in Zimbabwe Migrant Support Network, Shelton oyangwa, presented Studio 7 as a matter of interest to immigrants in South Africa.
He added that Zimbabweans in South Africa are also being harassed.
He added that his company and Zimbabweans and other countries are equally available to them.
The head of Zimbabwe Exemption Permits, Gladys Mangwende, stated that his company has taken the interest of foreigners, but he has also been apprehended by the private sector.
The headmaster for the Human Rights Watɔh of North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga, says it is important for the immigrants in South Africa since the Zimbabwean immigrants in the country.
Mr Mavhinga further stated that the South African government does not break the law and negotire and travel.
The Zimbabweni, George Manyika, also supported the case of Mavhinga.
Gabriel Shumba of the Zimbabwe Exiles Forum has led to the United Nations, AU and SAD to keep their eyes focused on the development of South Africa, as well as the Zimbabweans in the country.
Lions pressed the South African President, Aaron Motseledi, to refute their hygiene before obtaining their papers.
He pleaded with the members of the community to go with his company and go to the excavators.
The immigrants, Francis Mukono, said he did not see the value of improving living in South Africa as a result of the
Another immigrant, Steven Chiweshe, also announced that he did not see a knife being used.
The President of Mandela Madumise, South Africa, claims that the practitioner has led the United Nations Rights Council to help them deal with the problems that are being solved.
According to the Madumise, the end of the month will be accustomed to the
Zimbabweans have been said to have been robbed of their freedom from South Africa, claiming to have been attacked by the government.
However, the government of Zimbabwe says that some people have moved to other countries to find a better job.
Those who work in the hospital where the posters and professionals have been posted for about three days of their wages, and they have not been thrown into roads for doing anything about it.
What is happening to hospitals has been intensified. The patients are being taken back home because they are not getting medical attention.
The deplorable destruction of the vaccination of Senior Health Doctorsion is due to the fact that they should take measures to ensure that the doctors and their payments are also to be kept in the hospital. Dr. Aaron Musarasadio 7,
Dr Musara said, although he has written a letter to the government for the first time, he has not given any answer.
The residents of the government are also going to work in the hospital, claiming that some of the Americans who were brought to Ahinime in 2018 will not be retailed if they go to work.
The leader of Zimbabwe Doctorsion, Enok Dongo, has said nothing to talk to the government.
Zimbabwe Hospital Doctorsion, a spokesman forZHDA), Dr Tapiwa Mungofa, also claims that since the government is not permitting the hospital to go to hospital, the patients do not get medical attention.
Mr. Mungofa said that while the temporarily officers threw their equipment, most of their employees stayed at home to be protected and obtained COVID-19.
Studio 7 could not interfere with the government to solve this problem because it was not possible for the minister of egotistical, Professor Amon Murwira to address their analysis.
Mr. Murwira announced that he had started a discussion with one of the others. The President John Mangwiro also introduced Studio 7 to them because they were too busy to talk to them.
The headmaster for Health Services Board, Dr Paulinus Sikosana, also claims that they are meeting with the COVID-19 for the first time in life and are not distracted.
Politicians also insist that the government has to do something to ensure that its citizens are not confiscated as part of a state of disabilities since the tribulation of COVID-19 to the death of twenty-threatening
The refrigerator CityCouncil claims that they are ready to eat what happened on Monday, for the first time, the damaged buildings in their town.
The former Secretary, Abel Gotora, was in a conversation with the former customers who were breaking their houses, and he added that they should not build houses that had been damaged by the customers.
However, Mr. Gotora said the audio was not all the damaged buildings, but they would build what was hatched and ordered them to build the six persons taken to the site.
Tafadwa Marimo, Emmanuel Ngwaru, Richard Svosve, Pepukayi Marega and Devis Shopo were among those who took the lead.
One of these six persons, Emmanuel Gwaru, said he was impressed by the executive judgment, since the government told them to clean the area and not tell them to respect houses.
Mr. Gwaru, one of the most disturbing issues of eating, is to pay the penalty for the construction projects. Gadzema pre-Adel Patricia Ostenia, for it was difficult to regulate the institutions of the community.
Mr. Gotora announced that the former gospel would take a new interest in the Gadzema song.
The Speaker for Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Kumbirai Mafunda, says the terafiks are coming to their office to deliver messages to them.
Many Kansere in the country are breaking down the illegal buildings.
Instead, all participants around the world are going to find out what the formers are doing.
According to the President, on Tuesday, the President of the Director of the Division, since Morgan Tsvangirai has lost his life, the majority of people are asking that Richard Msvangirai or Harvest House is actually applicant.
The prosecution stated that Mr. Thokozani Khupe did not appear before MDC-T to vote for three months.
However, those who will go to the party are less likely to lose their names and Ian Makone and Reverend Tim Neil (da Church of the Province of Central Africa orPA.
The President of the Alliance, Charlton Hwende, believes that these two people are alone and can go there alone.
Douglas Mwonzora, who claims to be a participant of the Regional Commission in 2014, also indicates that the party is at the hands of Makone and Neil.
They say they are convinced that they are not free to work there. We cannot talk with Mr. Makone and Mr. Neil.
The Chief Executive, Sikhala, says the incident has been called St Marys in the dehitungwiza region, which has led to political supporters from their homes.
Sikhala, a vice President of Zengeza West, claims that the police, known as the Police, is looking for political supporters.
We also tried to communicate with Mr.abangwe and did not want to answer the questions.
Studio 7 couldn't communicate with the prosecutor, Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi has not been distracted by the reason the policeman wants to be supportive.
But it has been said that they want to discontinue the Advocatorians for resignation in all countries.
Sikhala, who was accused of being accused of excavating the government of Emmerson Mnangagwa,, has led to Studio 7 that most people are trapped in their homes, fearing that they will be cut off.
More than nine people were dragged on Harare Friday since the exhibition by MD on that day.
NDs will like to be exhibited in the towns, but the police will use the Public Order and the Semaurity Actno to prevent the party from relating.
The police have used it to have MD to make it known on Harare, Bulawayo, Gweru and Masvingo.
Police reports indicate that this too can happen at the Lake of the Multitude that has been planned to be done on Thursday.
Haeto has based on law regarding the government " s economy and the economy of Ziyambi Ziyambi Ziyambi, Mthuli Nube, to be accused of the day of the MDCC-T by Thokozani Khupe Chaptire.
Hae entered the ruling, Priscilla Munangati Manongwa, took notice that on Thursday, the Ziyambi and Nube are not able to stand in the four MDCT, since it is said that the Regional Relations are permissible to the political sector.
I would get R7,500M in RTGS.
Experts say the Nelson MDSa went to the Airport and wrote to the bank to relocate a hundred supporters from the party in the Steward Bank.
Luke Tamborinyoka, a deputy President of MDC-TT, announced that he was excited about the judgment.
Morgen Komihi, who is the leader of the party, announced that he would make plans to escalate the policy to the political leadership of the party (and for the reason that it would be a matter of compromise on the part of the party that the party was not governed by the law of the
Mr. Tamborinyoka says that a hundred more can take the money because the Parliaments were taken through his name and went to the regulation of the law.
But Komihi said the law must be controlled by the percentage and others.
On the other hand, Harare President, Kudazi Kadzere, said they could continue the court ruling within ten days.
Ziyambi told 7 armed men that they could be recruited in the judicial cases within ten days.
We are not able to go along with Mudenda, a violation of the law-enforcement and a military commander who pays attention to the economy because their names are in the press.
Some lawyers also showed that they did not keep their arguments in the light of the unacceptable assessment of the matter.
6.Wei is not the first time the NDians are fighting the money.
In the year 2006, the President of the ND Welshman Nube, protested against Tsuangirai in the Ahinime month of 2005 and heard his ownDs, accepting the payment from the Association, for the Mrs. Ysgirai.
The Zimbabweni, Dr Rita Nyampinya of the Female Prisoners Suport Trust, armed with women in the early part of the International Women of Manage Award.
The prosecution remembers the fine works of the world that have been done by the National Dpartment of International Relation.
Dr Nyampinga said that he never thought of having this license, and he added that it is very interesting to count the rings of ten different women from all over the country.
Dr Nyampiga said they would travel to prisons in the United States to learn how to adapt to the prison term in order to work hard in the country.
Dr Nyampinga said their jobs need courage and are excited to see their jobs being done.
When he speaks on the list, the Secretary for the State of International Relations, Mimahael Pompeo said the services of the ten-year-olds are acceptable and necessary to combat.
The project was rejected for four years.
Some of these items have been obtained from Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaian, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Kazakhstan, Malaysia, Niagua, Pakistan, Syria, Yemen and Zimbabwe.
Mr. Pompey said this project is important because it allows it to make it possible for the women to use it alone to bring all over the country.
Speaking at this incident, the headmistress of the United States, Melania Trump, said she is excited about the services of the women in the upper part of the economy.
Mr. Pompey said he met the women who had been selected to meet with women who had been deputy for the past four years, have been surrounded by excavators throughout the world. It has a lot of
Dr Nyampinga said it was the beginning of a war in which it had been fought for the first time during the past 30 years.
As a result, Ms. Nyampinga made me come to the Women Coalition Of Zimbabwe, therises in Zimbabwe Coalition, the Women Aademic on the PoliticalLeder Project Development of the Women and Aids Support Network.
Some Zimbabwen women have also acquired such elections as Ms. Wagadonga Mahlangu, Msestko and Ms. Beatrius.
The Ministry of Politics Commission stated that South Africa has been asked to investigate the arrival of the Zimbabwenia, who had strayed on Tuesday, in the Corona virus.
According to the analyst of Zimbabwe, it is not true. The National Institute of Professional Health and experts in South Africa have been taught by Coronavirus or by no means.
The woman at Wilkins Hospital in Harare. Dr Portia Manangazira, a professor of therapy, said it would be known that the mother is sick or that she is not part of it.
Small missiles and ships from the ZUPCO sector have allowed people to get rid of the road, and this has led to a massive invasion, no matter how easy the country is to get the COVID-19 to survive in the country.
Many people are suffering during their journeys and on the nights until they are busy in the smaller plane.
According to the government, travelers have been illegally attacked by law to prevent the COVID-19 diagnosis, ZUPCO is the only source of vaccination.
But other ships do not want to go to work because ZUPCO has been aggressive.
On Tuesday, the applicants met with ZUPCO chiefs to try to enumerate any problems that the drivers have paid in the best position.
On the day, the ships were ordered to meet the officials and repair the excavators.
Studio 7 is also unable to stop ZUPCO from doing what is being done to repair the ravages.
But the Chief Executive of Harare Residents Turst, Pregna Shumba, said the government has to deal with the passing incident in a short time before it is taken out of control.
Lions indicates that the government has to take the police and the military to a place where the plane is based on how the people are going to comply with the law that it is designed to ensure that it is supported in the sector.
They also claimed that health professionals have also been unaware of the fact that nobody is HIV or COVID-19.
The company in Bulawayo and other companies gathered the town officials to think about the devastating effects of the floodwaters. The water has been delayed for a period of time.
The head of the Ashan Business in Zimbabwe (ABUZ), Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Vi Victor Nyoni, said their jobs have been damaged to their jobs because they need water for their jobs.
Mr. Nyoni says the former officers who met were assured that they would get water in the previous week. The Kansere officers say they will stole their jobs after the end of the week.
The residents of Bulawayo have not been watered for the first time being prepared for the water.
The problem is that the source of water has been reduced.
Mr. Nyoni says it is well known that the city of Bulawayo is over a century, so the miners and the pipes have been a day.
He called the government and the pensere to take the initiative to solve the problem once.
Studio 7 couldn't listen to the earliest arguments.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctorsiona, on the top of the excavators, announced that the contemporary and public officials had met on Wednesday, waiting to be heard on Wednesday.
The Bank of the convention, Dr. Prince Butau, claims that he is looking forward to hearing something from Mr. Mnangagwa on Thursday or Friday.
Mr. Mnangagwe, who was blazing his retrievance, went right there to settle the decision of the revolt.
The intensity of the hospital has been devastated since the time when doctors put their equipment there, during the first day.
However, the President of Justice Working Group on Health, Mr Itai Rusike, announced that the government has solved any problem quickly and that it has not made it easy to pay the customer for the services.
The Zimbabweans in South Africa are demonstrating the development of Groote Shuur Hospital at the intestructure of the Town, where the vice President, on the other hand, is accepting medical care.
Mr.wenga was transferred to a new country in South Africa to heal himself but Studio 7 had no guarantee that he was in the major hospital in South Africa.
The Minister Moni Minister of Mutsvangwa and the Regional Registrar Mangwana said they had nothing to do with the vaccination of George, while VOA Studio 7 in Zimbabwe had to do with them.
However, Studio 7 couldn't appeal to the point that it is true that she is in the hospital that she is accepting medical treatment.
Another Zimbabwean named Huarloshimbi, who lives on the ratio Town, joined the Zimbabweans being taught.
Unhappily declared that he was saddened by the Supreme Region, who has been robbed of a disabilities in the country and knows that if he gets sick, he will go to health care abroad.
She said she is excited that she has been able to express these words to the hospital during the time when the hospital managed to talk to her, but she did not say, Mr. Ohiwenga was in the hospital.
No, he said the headmaster had told him that it was not lawful to address patients who would come to hospitals at the time they were not in the hospital.
The doctors put their equipment in the last year, he irritated the public to work without consultation, but the government did not insurmount alleged problems in the sector.
Groote Shurr Hospital is the first person in the world.
The Apolis have urged the non-Witness Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Directors to stop the convention at the end of the year.
Referring to their conference on Harare, the President of the MD Haven, Representative Luke Tamborinyoka, said the police have put their large gatherings on the headlines.
Tamborinyoka said the larger meeting will not be overnight because the MD Committee doesn't want the police to attack their supporters.
According to him, the police are more likely to go along with their supporters as they did when the political party tried to direct their communities throughout the country.
He added that the 2020 convention, which had to be held at Ms Musodzi Hall in Mbare, would be held on Tuesday for the first week.
Mr. Tamboinyoka announced that MD has been exhausted to see them as part of the sector and that they are thinking that they are not lawful or unchristian.
We couldn't see anything from Zimbabwe as a public speaker, Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi since his archaeologists were verdictive.
Regional analyst Masimba Kuhera put Studio 7 on the prerequisite that some of the police are misjudging the private sector.
She added a month later, ZRP used to reduce the ratio of the ID in the country. It is said that they fear that the exhibition will come in the same way as it did in the drought.
Nobel peace Award has been handed over to the Ethiopian President Abiy Ahmed. Norway.
They borrowed down the peace that he brought between his country and Eritrea, whose oil was almost 25 years ago.
The first component was Albert Luthuli from South Africa in 1960.
Among them are Nelson Mandela from South Africa, Anwar Sedat from Egypt and Kofi Annan from Ghana.
Among those who have received such payments are the Anebishop Desmond Tutu, Liberia mampanin Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Wangari Maathai from Kenya (which of the Abirem to receive the first election.
The leader of Zimbabwe, Morgan Tsvangirai, was reassigned to the customer in 201ll, who could not accept the license.
Dr Pedzisa Ruhanya of Univeristy of Johannesburg has declared that the jacket Emmerson Mnangagwa has a lot to learn from the Ahmedic democracy.
Several elephants and animals are dying at the Hwange National Park, which serves as a source of water and water shortages. As a result, the government was planning to destroy elephants.
At Studio 7 at Hwamge National Park, we saw a lot of elephants starving and thirsting.
Tinashe Farawo, a spokesman for Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority (ZimParks), stated on Studio 7, that from the month to month, elephants are compounded and dead and deadly toxins in this year.
The Pharaohs also added that in addition to the starvation, food and water in the area have also cost the lives of many elephants and animals.
One elephant will need some 200 choiceds, 2000 gallons of water and
Today, ZimParks claim to have about 45,000 elephants in the area.
The ZimParks " s admission is untrue and is doing the same as selling elephants, according to the N
The Advoates4Earth President, Leninhisaira, agrees that the other deaths of elephants and animals are part of the disbelief of Zimpark, which is rejected by Zimpark.
According to the President of Hwange National Park, the excavators have been posted in the area where they have been accused of such a lack of support in the Hwange National Park.
Mr Farawo, on the other hand, said the suspects were unaffected by the elephants and animals that are present have increased by the efficiency of the professionals. It further said, in the case of the resourceful care of the animals.
Zimbabwe, along with other countries in the north of Abirem, including Botswana, is apprehended by the International President of the Trade in Endagered to sell their elephants in the face of a wide range of challenges
This year alone, three people have been killed by the animals.
The official meeting in the state of Geneva, Switzerland, was reiterated in the country of Switzerland, the company refused to retaliate the protocols on the other sidewalk.
The leader of the Safari Operatorsof Zimbabwe, Emmanuel Fundira, said it was necessary for him to know about all the problems that the elephants have caused in Zimbabwe and other countries.
The deputy minister who changed his visit, Nqobizitha Ndlovu, said on Studio 7, the government is trying to collaborate with other people and support the private sector.
They also said they could take measures to send the elephants to other countries.
Hwange National Park was opened in 1928, which is the largest part of the country.
The park was over 40,000 kilometers [14,000 mm ] high and the number of elephants took place in 2000.
The Secretary, for Footballers Union of Zimbabwe, FUZ, Paul Gundani, died at Kwekwe Wednesday in a short term.
So far, the chances of death are not fully realized.
FUZ has said, Gundani died at Topomasi Private Hospital in Kwekwe.
According to the Association of Technology, there is a huge vaccination of death, and it is difficult for everything to get into his bed because they were able to help with the professionals.
The Gundani who struck Ziso Steel, who was also associated with Young Warriors, continued to be held forWarriors during the Dream Team, by Reinard Fabih.
FUZ, Marlene Gadzirayi, said he was shocked to hear that Gundani was trapped.
Ms Gadzirayi rebuked Studio 7, “Mede are the sadest memories of them when we were focusing on how to continue. Nso, I heard them miss missing but I did not know what Mr Gundani believed.
Mr. Gadzirayi says the country has lost the most prosecutor. Mr. Gadzirayi further stated that he has not heard anything at the Mr. Gundani funeral and is waiting for the time to be set aside from the family.
Zimbabwe Footballion,ZIFAIII, has announced on their agenda that Gundani " s death will be tragic and will be supportive of the family throughout the process.
ZIFA Communications worker Xolisani Gwesele said Gundani dies across the country is sad to find a loving person who made a treachery.
Gwesela wrote at the ZIFA excavators,”, ALWA.
Robert Mugabe was unable to bring the body to his home in Zyimba, that his wife , Grace Mugabe, was sick.
Some members of the family say the body will come to be in Zyimba Monday.
A thousand people are waiting for the body of the Main Mugabe today in Zyimba afternoon.
The spokesman for the Mugabe family of Mugabena, Leo Mugabebe, said the Mugabe has been identified today and does not know why it is because King Zyimba has sent it.
Leo Mugabe said the body will come home after breakfast.
However, the President Katizagombo, also known as Gibson, also indicated that Zyimba was not entitled because Mrs Grace Mugabe was sick.
The chief Katizogombo added that the body would be in the state to the day when it was to be buried.
But this is what Leo Mugabe said the Mugabe was going to have his family on the other hand to finish the expensive mail.
The President Mugabe has released the unfortunate system, the majority of the people feel compassion, whether Mugabe is coming or not during the last three days.
Leo Mugabe said the Mugabe body will be in Zyimba a day and will be brought to Harare, where it will be buried.
Leo Mugabe said people need a place in the home of Mugabe in Harare.
One of the members of the MDC-TT party that has not been reputed by Nelson, is expecting to die at Zyimba today, Lloyd Tarubwa, who was kidnapped from the Bank for nine months when he was not taken to the post and said he was going to see that he was actually dead.
Mr. Mugabe " s funeral has been a shocking experience in the country. It is thought that Mr. Mugabe was reported to have been sitting in a vaccinated position and was responsible for his death.
Mr. Mugabe died in Singapore during the 19th month, and on the sixth day when he was sick for a long time.
Teachers of the Ashanti Relations Committee of the Amalgamted Rural Teachers Union, or ARTUZ in Zimbabwe say their Leader, Godfrey, was met by the people who conducted the investigation the following two hours of the day that no human could hear.
However, the ARTUZ vestment has been refuted in the Central region, which was ordered to prevent him from confronting the Gweru.
ARTUZ " s Chief Executive, Obert Masaraure, said the excavators had turned into a period of seven days without saying it was two days.
According to the Masaraure, some of the members of the hypocrites are also rebelling to support the association.
The incident ended on Wednesday.
But Masaraure said it would be to hold a meeting after the revolt and to take steps to move.
We have not been able to meet the deputy Parliament Minister, Mr. Sekai Nzenza, and ask the government for it to be on the matter, but he has not relied on historics.
The Platinum (AF Champions League), in the Firi, has given the public a lot of questions about Zimbabwe and about the proclamation of Zimbabwe.
It has to be said that in the competitive state, it is not possible for the Flatinum to deal with the Esperans, who have children or have to celebrate the Horoya Athletiva, which has seven children. They defeated their own house and other people in Horoyas first census in the games.
As a result, Flo Platinum has acquired just one of the seeds since the rest of the athlete is being built for the sake of the spectator Spenkaer Mushambadope.
Mushambadope says they have no elections in the rest of the stadium.
In the past year, the same team was expelled from the rivalry for the first time. Angola Primeiro de Agosto was released after Lunda had been retrieved in their home.
During the two-and-a-half thousand years, the ratio of the United suspension was slighted by the ratio of the Census, and they were not part of the Alhli Tribia because they were in their own house.
In that same year, Ngezi Platinum Stars, who were overseasing Zimbabwe in the heat of the hematization, came from a competitive competition in the first during the defeat of Angola Libolo.
In the second millennium, Harare Citya, who was in the same contest, left the same scenario in the first place. Zana, in Zambia, ordered one of the two debts to be heard at Rufaro Stadium and completed 3-1 in Zambia.
According to this, the Abiman Regional Champions League can't stand in front of the other group as did Dynamos in the last century and eight thousand years ago.
Even more difficult is, Platinum has only one election in four athletes, not one of them. Moreover,
The problem is that when a lobby is raging the remaining members of the Zimbabwe Association, they are making such a nomination in Abirem, what is happening to the country?
The Chief Executive, Tinashe Musebi, according to the lowest prosecution, needs to be recipientsed before Zimbabwe dispatched the sector to Lesotho, Botswana and Swaziland.
According to the prosecutor Farai Kambamura, Zimababwe played a knife in the Abirem because all the executives were being collected abroad, headquarters in South Africa as they were sighing in the Abirem.
The passing year, Platinum lost Gerald Takwara, Elvishipeze and Talent. This year the loss of the Rodwellhinyare recruit in Baroka.
But John, who led the Lengthens to the Execution of the Premier League, said it must be that Zimbabwe is the ratio in the country in an effort to locate the census in order to pay for the payment of the company to move to South Africa and Zambia.
As for Seiseifa, Zimbabwe has only two accommodations, heastle Lagermier Social Region, League, and Ohibuku Superperup. The last year of Zifa was created for two thousand and a half years.
According to the President Musa Masepe, Zimbabwe don't have an expenditure, and some people want to go through it or something else because their wages are paid too.
If this is happening, it will take a long time for the national sector to compete with the remaining members of the Abiman
The explosion of Democratic Party in the US election of the President of Obubuin has been applauded by the election to New York Mayor Miadehael Bloomberg.
Bloomberg, who has become the most wealthier, did not stand in the name of the e-election in the election of the RePublican President Donald Trump.
Mr. Bloomberg announced the Holoomberg a year ago that the party was coming to the party. He made over $400M accommodations. That money was theirs.
The prosecutor did not stand by, in Iowa and New Hampshire. Similarly, in Navada and Southarolina, while the election is coming at the end of the state to be recruited with the Democratic Party party.
When Bloomberg decided to go to the office, the political party did not let it be known as Bernie Sanders, who stands at four Vermont, and Elizabeth Warren, on the Massahusetts, took the lead in spreading his history.
Speaking at the intensity of the Nevada party, Mr. Sanders said, in order to win Mr. Trump, there is a need for someone to be gathered more than anything else in AmErica " s history.
Mr. Sanders said, Mr. Bloomberg was a well-known man in New York, I will remember his intent to shrink back and search for blacks and Latinos. He said that this step has helped many people to avoid being picked up in the Finance of the Finance.
But Bloomberg refuted Mr. Sanders statement, saying Mr. Sanders, who is taking the lead, has been declared as the leader of the Democratic Party party in the election, which will be in Mr. Trump for the next four years.
The Director of the Zanu PF Commission, Frank Guni said the contest is clearly based on Sanders and Bloomberg. It is evident that the seise is clearly evident in the large backing of Sanders.
According to the Guni, Bloomberg and Sanders depend on the election in order to conquer the Trump.
Some people who have taken their stand at the Democratic Party party say: Barabbas, on Tuesday, on Wednesoden; Minnesota is greater than the Amy Klobuhar and I will be on the day of South Bend in Indiana and Pete Buttigieg.
The Democratic Party party has 3,979 aligetes, and before anyone could be rebuked to lead the party in the election, it has to have 1,990 bolegates.
As part of the Greciangetes, we have a special dialogue that when Democratic meeting comes at Kitawonsa, it has 4,750 academics, and the person who held the meeting, is likely to have 2,200.
Many people go to banks early in the morning when their faith is to allow themselves to be in the world " s largest banking sites, but they are not measured out.
According to Studio 7 of the banks of Harare, Bulawayo, the
One of the bank employees said he has waited for the money one day since he heard it, and he has been picked up for a new sum of money.
Mr. Marwira said it was necessary for him to buy money on the corners of the house, and he said that people like him might have been able to get money from banks.
A customer named Studio 7 told Studio 7 that he was looking at the new money but he did not see anything.
RBZ, a bank President, announced the same claim that a new policy of investment will be relevant in the country.
The Amrado of RBZ, John Mangudya, has announced that he will bring about $2.5.5.5 per rhythmics in today " s day.
The Bankersof Zimbabwe, Webster Rusere, announced that some of the banks had been recruited, and he said RBZ
Unfortunately pursuing money has led to the nation " s insurmountability, but some say it is an example of penalty.
Zimbabweans who said in South Africa were extremely shocked by the burning of the suspects that South Africa is part of the country where they do not want foreigners to work.
The South African High Commanders, Bheki Jele; the Minister of transport, Fikile Mbalula, and the Minister of the license, Thulas Nxesi, has been accommodated with customers.
Jele, armed drivers, warned that the sealed will be picked up because they are destroying the economy.
But two hours later, N2 was revolted in Durban.
The spokesman for the police, Superinendent Parboo Sewpersad, announced that they had been robbed of a new one.
At the end of the week, eight ships, the Zimbabweans were fired in KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng.
The Chairman of Zimbabwe Exiles Forum, Gabriel Shumba, said, has been bombarded with roads in SA.
Based on the South Africa Zimbabwe Exemption Permits, Edward Musohatuta announced that the incident occurred, as well as other drivers were calling the government into the matter.
One of the drivers, George Nayika has called for a discussion.
Davie Munadafa, one of the drivers, expressed fear of losing his life.
You went on to say that most of the people are unaware of their future.
South African Police Police, Bheki Jele, warned that the police will intensify the burning of roads to combat the invaders. This is what helped them to stop what they are doing.
Lions tell Studio 7 that the problem is the notion that the South African city has never declared that people in other countries have never moved from the country.
Shumba has also accused the media that the country has been unable to refute the matter.
Lions went on to say that their company has written a letter to the delegation of foreigners in South Africa and Zimbabwe who are asked to work hard to solve the problem.
Dewa Mavhinga, a head of the Human Rights Watɔh district in the Abirem North, challenged this claim and advised all who had to travel at night.
The country " s economy is allowing Zimbabweans to move forward to work in South Africa. This has led to a riot because the town of South Africa is not speaking to foreigners for unemployment.
The police have been ordered that the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors, should not be posted to the Chief Executive Chairman Dr. Peter Magombeyi to South Africa to accept medical services that the next day beat him for the last decade.
The United States is giving Zimbabwe $42M more. The money will be used to buy food for one million people from the previous month to the Coldge, 2020.
People living in rural areas of Gwanda in Matabeleland, on the south, told Studio 7 that there are no excavators here in the government and that it has not been accommodated by private sectors.
The United States President, Donald Trump, will address the President of the United Nations in New York.
The leaders are gathering together with Harare Citykans to find ways to solve the problems of the city.
According to the Ashanti Direction Program on LiveTalk, we look at how young people can enumerate the economy so that young people are falling into a better life in other countries where they are being abused and mistreated by foreigners.
If you want to pay attention to the program or call on Studio 7, 001.465-0318.
If you want to listen to Studio 7, you will be able to spend time with us at 909 in the morning, 4930; 6040, and 15460 kilokwts on the Short Wave day.
You can hear Studio 7 at six ounces, Monday to Friday in 909, 4930, 7285 at Short Wave.
Zimbabwe, along with the entire universe, celebrated the International Women " s day when so many women are saying they are accustomed because the leaders of the country do not care about them and will not allow them to all.
It is as if the Zimbabweans were to have a dominant law in which both women and men were expected, but the many of the women we spoke to show that they were not interested in government, politics, politics, and institutions that would be expected to happen.
The law-abiding court, also a lawyer, Mr. A Mrssy Madeome, told Studio 7 that women are extremely sensitive in the country because of the absentment of men in the courts.
They say there is a great opportunity for the nation to allow the rights of the women to be close to obeying the law.
The leader of the Zimbabwe Women Lawyersano, Abigail Matsvai, told Studio 7 that today is a very important day and that government officials are being urged to comply with the law that guarantees the equality of men and women.
One of the members of the Association of Technology, Msun Tsungirai Hungwe-himbunde, said Studio 7, would have to do with the need for teaching in order to ensure the value of women and men.
According to him, he is trying to locate discussions with the political parties and to allow them to have the elections as far as most women can afford.
This year the culmination of the year is Think Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for a hundred.
According to Ms. Maome, as the excavators occurred, the election must use its power to ensure that women and men are too young in the 2023 elections.
Mr. Matsvai, on the other hand, has rejected the sector in the leadership.
Mr. Maome added that women have to be close to each other and go out and have the men put on their shoulders.
He said it is clear that the majority of men in the party are unwilling to leave, and that is why the women are not going to arbitrarily.
They eat the International Women Day on the seventh day of the year. This day they tell women not even about the market, politics and other activities, and they claim that women have the right to have a share in it.
The administration in the state of Gokwe in the Midlands area was celebrated by the members of the sector. Nelson of the leadership of the Nelmisa, also
The timing of Zimbabwe " s Human Right Commission also announced that it is difficult for women to get ahead because they have not been affected by economy.
Zimbabwe peace Prroject also introduced their arguments to combat the aggressive vaccination of the people throughout the country.
Apadie set out for 25-hour days to go to work because the revolt is illegal.
The Apadie executives Rodgers Manyangadze and Lawrenheit Murasi have allowed for two days to go to work.
The court also answered that the prosecutions between the prosecutors and the government have been given a two-week-old retrievance to resolve the matter.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors, the Chief Executive, Doctor Masimba Ndoro says no matter what has been said, the doctors do not have to go to work.
Studio 7 asked him that if they did not comply with what was said, they are afraid to lose their job, Dr. Ndoro, and insist that those who have taken their jobs have to go to work.
Asctors of Zimbabwe, Dougoltart, claims that he doesn't agree on the matter.
Mr.hart also said that if the doctors wish, he has the right to go to the compliance for the judgment.
Studio 7 is unable to refute the aggressive, Dr. Obadiah Mayo and Health Service Board.
The doctors placed their equipment on May May, while claiming that they had no work to do.
Professers who go to work also are not in the room on Thursday, which is said to be wages and hospital conditions.
The US government has announced that the vaccination of the Central Regional Resources will continue to harass people in the area.
He and Studio 7 are drawing attention to the US prosecution of the state, the seven Taylor, the USAID High Commissioner of the USAID, said they and other parties are trying to reduce the damaged buildings, are being targeted for the loss of human life.
Taylor added that the ravage in the Central Regional region is so powerful that the government of Zimbabwe is not alone.
Taylor, who visited the Manialand region and sent food to them, indicated that he was agitated at the time he saw the people in the region beating.
He said the hypocrites were saddened. He added that the people in the Manialand needed to have a kinder, such as food and clothing. They also need to
Taylor reported that the vaccination officer and the privacy were unaware of those who claimed to be part of their political party and have not been supported by the government.
According to the USAID, Zimbabwe, the government will also send experts to Zimbabwe to teach people how to know when and where the storms will come and how to protect people and possessions.
From the time on Friday, the United States has given Zimbabwe $2.6M.
The government of Zimbabwe, the United Nations and the NGOs, has taken on a project that is expected for $60M to be recruited with the
They think that 300,000 people need help in the Centralland area and 129,00 of them are still alive.
At the end of the Northern Idai, a total of 90,000 displaced persons in schools have been damaged.
The government has said 300 people were counted among them, and 399 people lost their lives.
They are expecting too many people to go forward.
Some patients say they are accepting therapy in a foreign country because they have been retailed by irresponsible professionals to die at hospitals without medical care.
According to Stuo 7, some patients are traveling to other countries, such as South Africa, Botswana and Zambia, to accept medical treatment by the infidelity of the police.
One of the patients we spoke to at the University of Pari on Wednesday, Mr. M. Molline, said he often comes to the hospital for treatment but nothing goes on.
Mr. Ohindove said he is going to South Africa to take care of it because he fears that the torrents will be killed during the floodwaters.
One of his relatives, Fiona Muhabaiwa, said he had nothing to do with him to go to Zambia to get medical attention.
According to a survey by Stuo 7, the diagnosed hospital is thinking, and many are struggling to get out of the state hospital to obtain medical treatment.
Wilbert Languagenze said he has taken his wife to visit the General Hospital to see him at the private hospital inhitungwiza.
Speaknze says a license is a daily license from an obstructure to the blazing of the license of the Owiza.
Health Services Board has announced that the irresponsible foreigners will quickly return to work.
The prosecution has also urged all in the revolt to keep their jobs in check for employment.
This is due to the statements by the Chief Executive Director, aonstantino owenga, in which he is telling all in the revolt to relinquish their businesses.
However, Zimbabwe Doctors for Human Rights says that the government has denied the constitutional rights because the police haven't taken no part in the funeral license.
The Chairman, Lionel Messi, who struck Argentina and the Spanish prosecutor, Barcelona, was asked to strike the country of Argentina once again when he could not accept one cup.
Messi made this statement when he picked up the AmErica agoe, which took place in the United States in Argentina, on the last vaccination incident in the contest, took the cup, and the second, in Argentina, welcomed the arm.
The shile attacked on Argentina Kwasiaday, after Franciso Silva struck down on the site of Argentinao Sergio Romero.
The two countries met with the challenge of not having to sit in front of the 82,000 people in East Rutherford, New York.
All countries under the control of the President AmErica are in North and South AmErica.
During the last three years, Argentina bore the pottery in the throat of the throat and threw out. Messi couldn't force his panel. Argentina ate the pottery of 4-2 in the panaatis.
Messi then reprimanded the Tyden Sports press to locate to Argentina again because he couldn't accept the cup even though it was obsessive.
I're 19 years old.
Barcelona has taken the Champions League cup for four. In a similar way, Argentina was unable to renounce AmErica or World.
Some patients in Bulawayo have been unprepared for medical care in the town hospital because of the ravages that have been heard for four days.
When Studio 7 weighed the Mpilo hospital, a number of patients who were severely affected by their illness, including pregnant women who were disadvantaged, were not allowed to go home.
One penitentiary named Dlamini and Studio 7, said he had to return home with his legs.
We want to talk to Mr. Leonard Mabande, the headmaster of the hospital, also to speak with Zolani Ndlovu, who is the best Medikalist, so he claims that he cannot talk to him now.
The department of the hospital has been closed to the hospital of the United Bulawayo. Dr Naraisaus Dzvanga, the President of the hospital, has been accused of being confused by the hospital for the intensity of the patients.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctorsion Speaker, Dr Mthabisi Bhebhe, said, doctors are still taking their licenses while the government has urged them to go to work. They say they have not heard anything from the government.
Dr Ndlovu refers to the intensity of the hospital for refusing to go to work because they don't need to improve the quality of life.
Dr Obadiah Moyo, the Minister of government, has been unable to listen to the government in the matter.
However, Dr Moyo Director, Dr John Mangwiro, reprimanded Studio 7 in the past that they are now unable to talk about the matter because they are not in the country. The Secretary, Dr. Gerald Gwinii, was also
In a discussion with Bulawayo Metropolitan Provindio 7, the President of Sibanda said the excavators have been on the decline for a period of time, and it is unfortunate that the government has ignored the lives of some people.
Government officials put their equipment on Saturdays, and most of them are in public hospitals for counsel.
Barry Daka, who was a vaccinated by the Highlanders, has died after a short terminally ill life.
His daughter Lorraine rebuked Studio 7 for his father " s absence today at their home in Barbourfield.
She says Kwasias was sleeping at the time when a neck was being picked up at the Barbourfields Stadium, and it is believed that she is cold and killed.
The Highlanders reported on their Twitters that the death took place and added that they were weeping with their family and those who accompanied them.
The prosecution said, Mr. Daka began his business in 1986 and put them in a lot of sophysic, Rothmans Shiels Shield and NetBB.
Mr. Daka " s funeral has not yet been in public.
Thomas Mapfumo, who is the chief singer, will say that in the previous month, the Zimbabweans will be protested against Robert Mugabe at the United Nations General Assembly.
Mr Mapfumo said it is important for the people of Zimbabwe to express their disapproval of what is happening in their country, and if they do not go well, it is as if it were done.
Mr. Mapfumo says he will not resort to the practice of compliance with the people of Zimbabwe and will unify the worldwide government in Mugabe that it is necessary for a change in the country.
Mapfumo said to Studio 7, “When, but in New York, I have added that we are aggressive and unfortunate in the pressure of the Mugabe government in Zimbabwe.
We are looking forward to the QUEThisflag, with the priest Evans Mawarie, the Federation of Africa Unity Square, the NGOs, and the Zimbabwean party.
Among those who attended the program were Patson Dzamara of Itai Dzamara, who fought for the missing year.
According to the Amalgamated Rural Teachers of Zimbabwe (ARTUZ), there has been no interaction between their government and teachers to solve the problem of teachers.
Obert Masaure, the leader of ARTUZ, explained to Studio 7 that the company isn't interested in sharing the need for lyrics with the poor teachers.
According to the Masaraure, since the teachers are not going to pay for them and their relatives, they are writing letters to find a new job.
We are not able to communicate with the Minister of Education, Professor Paul Mavhima, and listen to him.
According to the worldwide Ahinime, which has been designed to spread the cancer symptom of the mothers, he added that associationof Zimbabwe is a matter of concern to some people who don't know anything about the disease in the country.
According to the custom, the suspects are more likely to detect the fatality of the suspects before departments are ready to help care for those who are infected with cancer. When that happens, the damage to the skin can be very difficult.
Priscilla Mangwiro, a deputy manager of Zimbabwe, has said it must have taken the initiative to treat patients with cancer.
Ms. Mangwiro insists that it is important for patients to go to the hospital to investigate their bodies to ensure that some of the damaged cancers have been contaminated, don't
Mr. Mangwiro claims that cancer is a second-largest disease in Zimbabwe.
Ms. Mangwiro said, since the first day of the censusing cancer, the company and the supermarket have been picked up by the supervision of the mining sites, and it has been related to the end of the month.
When he heard of the incident on the Zimbabwen Zimbabwee, the woman named Gertrude Magwaniza said she took her daughter there and saw cancer among her.
Ms. Mangwira claims that women are more likely to be diagnosed with cancer.
Ms. Mangwira said it is necessary for them to focus on the development of the women. They do so to see that they have cancer or none of them.
Ms. Mangwiro said that most women think they are going to die if they are going to get cancer, but there is a lot of hygiene that will be done for women to live in the world.
Ms. Mangwiro says one of the reasons why cancer is a lot of diarrhea.
Mr. Mangwiro has advised the women to use these techniques to ensure that they have cancer or that they are not somewhat dissatisfied, and to allow their skills to escalate.
More than a thousand people will be infected each year with the terrible disease that most people will be infected with the same scourge.
The government, Petertrade Association, says the decline of the illegal mining of oil has never occurred.
He added his arbitrary hygiene to the intelligence of the Ministry of Commandment, Peter, on the day of the Election of Godrey, that if they allow the company to buy or sell oil, this will be a success.
Mr. Nube believed that this will increase the increase, but it is the only way that the country can solve the problem.
Mr. Nube announced that the government was waiting for the oil junior in the country, and there will be enough oil for the future.
According to Mrs. Nube, an example of the low-watched oil invasion was reported to have been sold for 25 million dollars in the last year, but in the last year,
When he was asked how to clean up oil, the Secretary for the armed robbers, Gloria Magombo, said the problem doesn't happen to those who use their draft.
He also indicates that the problem is being solved, and it needs the whole country to be alone.
Ms. Magombo is pointing out that the license will be purchased with a license as governor of CentralBank, John Mangudya, announced that the license would be the most likelihood of the license of the license, he added.
Mr. Magombo said he couldn't fully explain the timetable, Mr. Mangudya said to the end of the month that he had hoped to have the vaccination of the month to be completed
As a result, the law-enforcement has been aggressively applauded for the fire-resistant. As told by Mr. Magombo, the Amrica has now been given a lot of money in their country.
The vaccination said they were thinking that the oil that had been shattered is developing in the country.
This Saturday, the Zimbabus judges celebrated their 40-day festivals to free themselves from the hygienic sector.
The hostility of the blacks assured that someday they would have a share in the Holocaust.
But forty years, things have worsened rather than the one who is thinking, they do not even have jobs to help their family.
They do not even know what they are doing or what the future holds for them.
Health problems are much worse than the nation is looking for them.
Kakra those who are working regularly are also going to pull out of their highways.
The President Emmerson Mnanagagwa, who has been introduced to 2017, has been the target of the President Robert Mugabe, who was attacked by the military.
However, some of them do not deliberately deny that things are getting out of control.
The ZanuPF political party has done nothing for the country for four years.
The Zanu Regional Association of the North High Commission said Regis hundreds of their political parties have been given the license to be part of their political sector or to become part of the sector.
Mr. Churubira said his company has finished investigations on the part of the participants who have been displaced and who have not been recruited.
But Timothy Muringai, the President of the MDC-TT, was unable to keep his promises.
They do not say things have been ruined for years in mining, corruption, business breakup, and many people live in homes
The Attorney Ntabazinduna Nhlanhlayamangweni, or Lord Felix Ndini, has led to the High Commission to change its courts for 18 years
Ishe and some 23 people are trapped in the Feti Mbele, who want to leave the province of Ntabazinduna
This is the reason for the innovation of Mbele " s wife. Nonkangelo Mpengesi
The President of the Lord, Dumisani Dube, told the studio 7 that the prosecutor doesn't view the chiefs of his opponents.
He has not said to the famous Thomas Mukanya Mapfumo, is expecting a song to be singed in this month when their equipment is destroyed.
This work in the Eugene, Oregon of the American country, known as the Trakdown Studios Dr. Mapfumo, told Studio 7 that there are only 15 psalms left behind.
Hae went on to say that Heal Zimbabue head of the country, Rashid Mahiya, will have the opportunity to have a fair hearing at home.
Mahiya, who is in prison, is looking forward to the removal of it, but the police have not been able to finish their paperwork.
The Vice President of Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Tondera Bhatasara, told Studio 7 that the trip took Mahiya papers along with the cost of $ 1,000
" The court has been retailed, since we were expecting it to be stopped. Bhatasara told VOA''s 7.
Mahiya is one of those who have been robbed of the fact that they are taking steps to displace the government.
Speaking to the Zimbabwe MedicalAssociate Profit, Sannium, he added that he had obtained a letter from the headmaster in which he was compelled to put down his job.
The officer of the hematologist, said jobs have increased to the officers since the smaller professionals are going to straike
hrirsa said, in order to ensure that the work is well done, the young men are in need of work
Mr. Ohirisa said the hospitals are prevalently being hospitalized by about 533 professionals who are not assigned to the office.
The Author for Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Assoiation, Mthabisi Anele Bhebhe, said, is not interested in what the President is daonstantino owenga said it is on the shoulders of the school.
The chief, who said the incident, was picked up in front of his discussions with the government regarding the private residents and the other residents of the house.
Many of their excavators have been criticized, while soldiers were taking the lead.
The smaller professionals say that the government has to pay their bills and stuffs as they work and also pay their wages.
But the government also insisted that they were not able to do what they were saying
They have been able to hear the headmaster, Mr. Obadia Moyo, who went to bed in the hydrocarbons
Labor took notice of the government that the government has not taken any papers.
Doug.tart, President of Zimbabwe Hospital Doctor'sion, in Labor, reported that the Ministry of Health Services Board, HSB has been unable to settle the matter.
The court ordered HSB " s lawyers to work on the missing papers for the day.
But the doctors say they are going to court to do something that will bring them back to work.
The Regional Director, Masiba Ndoro, said his job needs to be relocated every day.
The officers went to straeke 3 arguing that they were not picking up weapons for use.
Executives at Zimbabwe Senior Hospital Doctors "ion also went to the straeke Thursday, who were also expected to lose their wages in order to get out of their stamina.
The medical officers who wrote a letter were saying it is a matter of life for physicians to go to work without compromising their use of hydrocarbons.
The doctors also advocated the government for the payment of 60% and misunderstandings.
At the same time, two doctors have been removed from the University of Zimbabwe and have been reunited with the straeki.
Dr. Bothwell Mbuvayego has also been accused of being picked up in the analysis of the analysis.
Dr. Mbuvayesanguo became famous for the ravages in 2014, and Dr. Wake is also near at the corpse.
Zimbabweionof Doctors for Human Rights has challenged Dr. Mbuvayesangano
We can't stop the University of Zimbabwe or the government from talking about medical care
However, the media, the Health Minister Obadiah Moyo, claims that doctors are not going to work
According to Moyo, the government is blaming the results of the court, and that is what the government will not do.
Patients heard the 3-person revolve because they have been robbed of their money to go to work.
The government and the host trade have also been unassigned to send a vaccination to India and its jabs.
Speaking as the analysis of the Visotoria Osulting, Winston athlete, the government is trying to regulate the country.
He said Zimbabwe is beating for 25 million armed robbery, but they are expecting 3 million to go anywhere.
He also said that India is the most widely transported gun every year.
At the same time, President Emerson Mnanagwa said the Zimbabweans cannot benefit fully from the relationship between the country.
Studio 7 has not been able to find that company with the Vitrotoria aonsulting, and who are supervisors.
But on the day of the minister at the outskirts of the government, Gifthimanike claims that he doesn't know why the Zimbabweans have to identify the customers.
Individuals, the Nyasha Municipality also preached the same message
Alejandh also said they should have a partnership with other countries.
The outskirts of the Ministry of Minerase indicate that the father, and the 29 areas in which it is located
Two companys of Hwange aolliery and Mountain Resour have been disfellowshipped
The three members of the MDC-TT party leading to Nelson have been picked up at Harare Friday, and they are released for $ 1,000 audio
The Chief Executive Minister,ellor Bian of the Director, said the Tendai Bis and Ms. Lynett Karen Kore, their address, Hadyway, Advice Secretary of Lovemogaon and Director.
These men are ordered to pay $1,000 for the MD to the house of Morgan Tsvangirai.
Ms Made said the customers were going to retrieve 24 kitawons, by obtaining an invitation from the police to listen to them.
Speaking to their Studio 7 about the judgment, one of the almighty people, the Ale Municipality, said they were compelled to destroy their roles and investigations.
Mr. MuChadehama also said that although three persons were picked up to combat the kriminaa truck, the passengers were transferred to this morning, they were reassigned to the police for breaking the law of poliid 19.
The six Alse Ministers have also addressed the way the courts are using the people.
Mr MuChadehama also indicates that the victims are unable to protect themselves from the hygiene of the OVID in 19 prisons.
The leader of the Governing Body, Nelson, has said that he will continue to fight to change the country regardless of how many people are trapped
Ms. Determine them as the Director of the party, Womberaishe Nhende, in the hospital, will not be confined to the hospital.
Mr. Nhende, who was said to have been injured during the day, is in the hospital.
In another case, Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights claims that he was being picked up by the President Emmerson Mnangagwa retired for $ 300
From this source, Shungudzemoyo Kahe, they will be accustomed to treating her at home.
Healing and Deliveran (PHDMico Ministries, Walter Magaya, has also spoken on the subject of Zimbabwe, he is saying that he has introduced the vaccination of HIV-AIDSa, for the first time.
Speaking to Studio 7, he said his prayer was completed on Wednesday on the night of Francistown, Botswana, Mr M Father, said he would sit down with his measures being taken out to the policemen who were robbing Obubue 2018, saying he has gone to the PROVA.
Air-AIDS, Mr. Magawa pays $700 in the republic.
However, Mr. Magaya was not approached by this incident, he told Studio 7 that he was working with a company that he didn't want to call on them, and he was exposed to the HIVAIDS
Mr. Magaya said HIV?AIDS is a problem for the blacks, so he orders all nations to be able to work and provide solutions
Mr. Magawa is ready to work with other countries because he sees that Zimbabwe has not decided to transmit the disease.
On the contrary, the statements against Magaya in Zimbabwe, Aretha Midial comprehensible, have found that their names have not been addressed in the Mediines Otrol Authority of Zimbabwe, and thus, Health Professions Authority has not authorized them to investigate the Agumamaly for work.
The doctor at Francistown, Sengaphi Khuzwayo, took the lead in Magaya because they wanted money
Mr. Magaya, who has already retrieved the country from the time it became known that a woman had been raped, but the incident collapsed.
Individuals without medical treatment, they have let the nomads go through the hospital to the point of the ravagement of the Hospital.
Ms. Lisa Sibanda is an exhausted woman in the postpartum depression
Ms. Sibanda said, after her aging, she died in her belly while she was born on Tuesday, but there was no doctor supporting her assistant to the death of her daughter.
Ms. Sibanda said the problem is to wash the backing of his ervix, which is causing disease.
Ms. Sibanda said they are on the move to the water crisis, so they cannot go to the hospital.
Erasmus Zindoga, who brought his wife to Kariba, said he had not given any help to the doctor but what he had seen hasn't been trying to care for his wife.
Zindoga said they have already been moved to Kariba to the 250-mile [ Picture on page 250 km ] away from the hospital.
We are not the oldest women going to a tribulation in the relocation hospital, such as Kariba, Hurungwe, Karoi, Makonde and Zwimba
The headmaster of the Mashonaland West West West, Tapiwa Dhliwayo, said the doctors do not go to work anywhere in the community.
On the contrary, he added that women who have abortions should be treated as if they were in the fire hospital.
Refreshing CityCouncil spokesman, Tihao Mlauzi said a news report in the last week, he added that the number of excavators in the area was being flooded by the cataclysmic falling in the three consecutive gases.
Formeraof Zimbabwe, Kansaof Zimbabwe urges the public to consult their customers to investigate the problem.
More than 5,000 people are infected each year in Zimbabwe and most of them are exposed to hydrocarbo
The President, unior Mavhu, says they have the intention of looking for women and men to see how much they can help
It has been said that although most people are being agitated in this country, especially are women who are very good.
One of the Kansa compliments is urging all men to participate in the first phase of the month in the Ahinime, and they are taking part in the world " s preoccupation panel.
The world is expecting them to be held in this month and to be reminded of how to protect them
Ms. Mavhu thinks we don't watch everybody every day in order to cope with the illness and to correct the matter.
The Zimbabweans celebrate their two annual festivals on Saturday, across a three-volume shop in Harare when some people came to the public to show the uninvitedness of 2018.
This death took place around the world throughout the pressing media, and the cost of Zanu Pfni, Emmerson Mnangagwe was taken by Robert Mugabe.
Mnangagwe was struggling with Nelson, a former MD chief.
After the excavators were picked up by the government, and the President of the South African sector was picked up on Tuesday Kgalema Motlanthe.
The Advertisaries introduced some of these claims by the military and the police, claiming that the soldiers and the police were killed and that these people were to be punished. It commanded that the government
Mr. Motlanthe " s executive Region added that the government does not bring those who are confined to school, leaving the police and the military to keep the law in check.
The Human Rights claim that the government hasn't made a statement about the Motlanthe sector.
However, the President, Monii Mutsvangwa, says the government knows all the other elections and is planning to enumerate them.
According to the President, the Mnangagwe government has said the matter will be done.
Madhuku said the government has been warninged that he doesn't like anything to them because the armies of the nation were killed.
The Humans rights expert and Human Rights Watɔh " s recruiting Directoral for North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga, also stated that the government has not decided to do what the sector said.
Mavhinga said it was two years ago that these statements occurred, but they have not been picked up and did not do what was said.
The excavators, Emmerson Mnangagwe, and the Parliament of the country were allegedly cleaning the projects throughout the country for the day when they set out on the day of the move.
Mnangagwe arrived at the Pari retired hospital in the morning with his councils who help clean the hospital.
Speaking at the end of the repair work, Mr. Mnangagwe said the project was successful and will benefit people " s lives
He said he is doing this to remind people that this is what they should do.
Mr. Mnangagwe also said people don't know how to stop and learn from other countries, such as Rwanda, where people are no longer living on wooden roofs and weeds.
The administress, Kirsty complied with his workmates, and started shaking Simon Muzea " s soup that it was completed to the mining of Africa Unity Square and the Meikles Hotel and TM Supermarket staff.
He said the public was amazed at the fact that they were being swept away
Those who work in Zimbabwe Newspapers also overheard the hygiene and the hydrocarbons of their work and the garbage investment of garbage
Zimpapers spokesman Beatrie Tonhodzayi told Studio 7 that the economy is most likely to support the government in its service.
According to him, all parties of the country have taken part in the cleaning of the country.
The deputy minister of Harare, Hebert Gomba, situated between the sixth and the formersil staff, also swept away and thrown into the weeds.
Speaking to Studio 7, the Masia, also in Highfield, Gomba, claims that the most enthusiastic applause in the sector was a source of interest.
He also said, the towns in the city need to keep on sharing the rest, so the sector is increasingly assured that the cities are not honorable.
Mr. Mnangagwa started the date, indicating that each Friday has been the first month to help them honor.
The Ministry of economy, he ordered the economy to invest the country " s business to help the country move.
Speaking to the public in Harare today, the President, George Guvamatanga, said it is difficult to bring a total amount of money to about two.
Guvanmatanga also said the policy is aware that the government is making plans for the sake of the sum of money.
They asked how the robbery could be stolen. The Chief Executive Commissioner of the economy was picked up and said they were going to take the customers away from their savings.
According to the National Institute of Development of Zimbabwe, the Labor and E E E Emanomiste, said the government will be able to escalate into the economy, especially in the private sector.
Mr. Significantly, Mr. Mutu said that if they build up those who change the money, they will not be able to cope with these things because they are going to do so, they will get out of the short term.
The minister insisted that the investment of health will also be recruited
Financial Minister Mthuli Nube also told the media that they are excited about the steps he has taken on the economy.
However, the economy, the Tendai Biti of MD to the three-year-old, indicates that the economy is worsening by the economy in the Reserve Bank for Zimbabwe
Mr. Biti, a member of the Parliament Professional Professional Professional Registry, said the policy of the economy is not a violation of the state " s economy and public officials.
However, the issue is saying that it is not uncommon for the public to see how much time it is spent in the country, and that is why it will take a short time for the church.
He is not speaking to Rise Kagona about the applicants and his career of Biggie Tembo.
The legs are dead in the sense that the applicants would not have been there.
A professional who knows what is happening in the hospital testified that the children died shortly after they were born.
7 Studio couldn't listen to the staff at the hospital.
Ms. Presidentihihwiti said his father, Mr. Langton, also died when he was not looked after after on Wednesday from Harare to the Hospital.
The Mathildahimbi of the Banquet, who was betraying his brother who had died without any help, said his brother had called on him to come to the missing site, with no help at the end of the day.
Ms.himbe claims that those who die in the hospital are not going to deal with them
Foreign officials working in the public hospitals, over 16,000 go to straki for wages.
The government has not already established a new policy for foreigners.
On the contrary, the number of people getting at OVID 19 is increasing at the same time as the maseke does not control it.
It is clear that the public is now spreading the disease in the country, in trucks, in the marketplaces, in the marketplaces and in banks that have
Studio 7 has also witnessed a lot of people who have not been forced to wear while they were in the public at Harare.
A Harare, Paul Maaira, who was unintentional, said he sometimes forgets to wear it
Did some unnamed people waiting for money from the bank in the city, Studio 7 asked if he knew thatOVID 19D was taking place?
But he added that while he knows that freedom is important to him, the information about people is a key factor in the development of the population.
Simon Zhou, who was also waiting for the truck, told Mt Pleasant Heights that the same site had been held for about ten hours.
He added that the people are not proneded and even taken as if you were climbing the ZUPCO truck in the country.
Dr. Henry Madzorera, the Secretary of the Apocalypse, said the people do not protect themselves during the time of the invasion of the health professionals.
Dr. also urged the temanians to wear the house at the time of the day
Assistant Minister, John Mangwiro told Studio 7 of the convict that people are being taught about the disease and that he is looking at many people in the blood to ensure that they have no control over the disease.
Speaking to political leaders, the President, Emmerson Mnangagwa, at a meeting, he added that according toOVID 19, we should be introduced to a religion.
OVID 19, in Zimbabwe alone, there are about 12 million people and 88,212 in this area in Zimbabwe.
Professional workers at the Public Semitor and some of them have opposed the Mpilo Asntente Hostpial in Bulwayo and are being recruited for Dr. Peter Magombeyi on Saturday.
In addition to the hospital of the United Bulawayo, doctors in Mpilo have been in the hospital for an unknown victim to Dr. Magombeyi in Harare.
Ngongoma said they are apprehending fears and fears.
Kwazulu-Natal apolis Speaker of the Police Minister,olon Thmbeka Mbele, said Plessislaer apolis are looking for the two dead.
Nobody is eaten
Parents are harassing the school.
Parents are apprehending the ongoing incident of the church and the trucks are burning at the Putini High School in Mangweni, Umtshezi
We have not heard that parents talk about things that are not easy to deal with in the school.
It has been said that the prosecutions have been trapped in the building and that there are no water and lights.
Speakers I Until the Langalibale Muniipality, Sifiso Mdakane, said the city is talking about the book being baptized because the school buildings are not being built.
They study in an accommodated place where the education center has been built.
The city doesn't like that.
The town kaunsila, Nkosingiphile Mpembe, said, in 2010 the buildings were held, assured the people that the school would be built for those who are not present.
The students are learning, the water on the day, and the scars that do not have the right to drink
He added at the end of the economy, a researcher was assured that people would come from the analysis.
KwaZulu-Natal President of Education, Muzi Mahlambi, said they are referring to as the eldest of the region as being called for an investigation and resolving the matter
A couple are drunk for stolen stolen
The police are looking for customers at Shayamoy in Mpumuza, without the Pietermaritzburg, since they think they have stolen.
It is thought that the public has stoned the Londeka Mvelase and Mxolisi on their Kwasiasday.
The couple are close to each other
They think they have robbed of about R2 500 stolen money and also believe that some of the victims have been robbed of their lives.
What he or she claims is that even when she is missing, they are still beating.
Both women and men were present when they were drunk.
The town was apprehended by Zondo, and it turned to the local voice to see what happened.
Speaking to Solezwe, he added that they were designed to roboth and that they were not entitled
I have returned to my town.
We do not know that bad things are happening in this region, but that does not mean that you should be enforced by law.
You have to call on the police to catch the victim of the crimes
What I heard was that a man took something out of a shop.
Now everything has to do with peace.
The man is not here, the woman is here.
Ngubo said I am still looking for his family to meet them tomorrow and to reason with them.
KwaZulu-Natal apolis Chief Executive MinisterNNNqobile Gwala said the two armed men are looking for them
They do all they do to get to know the family of their colleagues but don't think that their meat doesn't go.
The Guptas have completed money to some banks
According to AfricaN NEWS Agency, R49 million economy have been taken under the control of the country, according to Shadow World PaninPaul Edward Holden.
The essay said this to them on the veil of the Justice Raymond Zondo on the day.
According to him, R49,157,323, 233.
It is commonly put on a new pencil.
Holden said this when they were giving a witness about the use of money and the removal of the audio recordings.
Holden asked, the headmaster, the Mathew hundreds of questions.
Holden says the audio has been accustomed to the arbitrary analysis is based on the latest analysis of how the money is retrieved in the Gupta
According to him, Guptas stole R287 million from Estina Dairy Farm Prroject.
They think this arrangement is a means to help farmers in Firii
According to Holden, Guptas began saving money after a year before Estina even started the project.
This, from the steiti government, began to embark on the Estima intensity, 2011, but Guptas began stealing money into the Kotoni department, 2011.
Estina was robbed of money even before the program began.
In fact, the government paid R287 for the Gupta family, and the banks were added to make it as if they had benefited from R880 million in 2012 and 2016.
The Badwatuo continues
The movie refers to anything related to the death of the bride
The most important movie has reported that Lindani Myeni was in Hawaii, USA.
The movie is like the tribunal from Honolu, which seems to be a long-term commitment between those who think that they are married.
It has been as if he went to a church near his home.
The shoe and the sandals are at the entrance of the church and robbing the two men
According to that, at the end of the margins, the bride is identified as leaving the house and for the couple to be betrayed.
At that point, a mother appeared on the 911 call.
The woman told the police that her husband was in the house and was beating the house.
The results are his own, suggesting that they haven't taken anything at the house.
Some have assumed that he is using these statements to dismantle the analysis.
A customer named Bikerton, said, was ordered to bring the movie to nothing.
He also ordered the police to inform the total number of the 911 calls on that day.
As a result of his discussion with Mr. William Denselow, Bikerton said the bride was indignant when she was leaving the house.
According to Biókerton, his last statement is that he doesn't call a leaven.
The preliminary image asked the police officers who had been killed and killed in the hospital.
According to him, they did not know that Myeni was not repentant and that the police had noise, but when they met the press, they were accused of being attacked.
Bikerson said they would search for the truth to find out what is happening.
An excavators being reported in IFP in Melmoth.
The IFP formersel authorities have been accused of robbing the three suspects at the Thulethu (Melmoth Kwasia afternoon.
The prosecutor is said to have accused the crowd to leave the meeting place.
A part of the economy accused the political leaders of trying to pressure them when they were asked to send a copy of the IFP pensela that has been released to return.
The IFP executives called this meeting on the Parliament of the King Heetshwayo to prepare a long-term decision for the community. In the week of the last week, he did not understand that the removal of them was being reassigned to the date of Tuesday Boi Biyela.
One of the Public leaders who refused to call on the armed robberies, has accused the IFP officers and the formersman for claiming that the judges were not going to shoot them as if they were not able to do so.
“What we are teaching them on the outside because we were not allowed to attend the meeting because the people there were from dogs.
According to the President, all of the excavators began to be picked up at the Public Committee, which he wanted to attend the meeting. This led to the
The leader of the IFP of Mthonane, who did not want his name to come outside, said the Public society was long ago.
On the last week, they insisted that they go and explain why they had been forgiven.
Assemblies and IFP district heads are all organized to come out of respect.
The excavators began when some of the people were on the road to the meeting, and the chief executives began to be stoned. This is what led to the attacking of the officers.
He added that some of the people were also affected.
The newly released Mbangise Biyela, the victorious Phumlani (GDD), and the pre-News in the capital city, came to this meeting.
They tried to hear the leadership of the region, and they did not.
The spokesman, Thami Shangase, announced that the meeting was not arranged by the President. He added that everything was in the hands of the Police.
The IFP President of the country, Mkhuleko Hlengwa, said the party will be involved in the matter today.
Basabasa issued a period of commence between Bisela and the formers. As a result, the public was divided into the IFP components of the sector.
KwaZulu-Natal police spokesman, Dr. Thembeka Mbele, said Melmoth has been investigating the incident and violence of the police.
They will not ignore corruption.
The Chapter of Parliament, Baleka Mbethe, has been apprehending the bandages.
Mr. Mbete is addressing the prosecution as a violation of some of the prosecutors, he added that all people are connected with their opinions, and some cases have been reported since there is no architecturacy.
He even added a weapon on the verge of the President Zuma, who named Zuma as an example to receive a letter that was difficult but he knew what was coming from him.
I know that some of those who took the witness here have been familiar with the arrangement.
I know that speaker has come here and has said they cannot tell what he has heard
I can talk about the shooting on the rifle.
My office begins the door
The contents in the letter are irreprehensible but not
I have no legal rights and can't take the book I haven't known to the Secretary and let us go to the booth.
My problem is what he wrote, that the person comes to me and understands me
Mbete said that this is what I am trying to justify the discussion of the newspaper.
In the month of empathy during the two and ten thousand years, he was asked why he was involved in the Gupta family affairs.
I don't remember, but I know that it has to do with the custom that came to the Gupta family.
I think it wouldn't happen until the incident doesn't come out and we have found the one who wrote it.
Consider what they will say about the world he has created for you.
Ms. Methe further stated how we can get the explanation and see how we can accomplish our work.
NSFAS is accused of the deceased student
The students were accused of NSFAS for two days at the time a student in the Durban Tvett aollege at the Presidentor died on Saturday.
According to Yonwa Moreanya, aged 25-year-old, is the Electriologist who has completed the Electritical Infrastruation of his household and has moved because of the cost of building it.
So he got to the site for two days because he did not have anywhere to go out of Monday.
On Wednesday, it was reported that the deceased were not healthy.
His friends told him that it was necessary to go to a place where he was going.
According to media, Jonwabu died on Saturday at the site where his friend was living in Durban North.
One of the relatives who came to the death said they were shocked about what had happened and that is why the NSFAS is being accused of falling into the trap of
I forget that they could have prevented the death.
The student said, I like NSFAS because I see him as the snake is coming, we will often hear these words.
The people who were unable to go to him said the incident couldn't stop them from talking to the media.
Kwazulu-Natal police President Nqobile Gwala has asked for anything to be done
Asherville Waampus was responsible for the economic crisis, about 50 students were standing on the back doors of the school.
The students told Isolezwe that they have been sleeping because they have been disfellowshipped because they have not had enough money to pay money
More and more of the students who were dressed in lines from Gauteng, Eastern oape and Mpumalanga.
Mr. Siyabonga Sambu, of Ermelo, Mpumalanga, a democracy,, has commenced NSFAS as a member of the economy.
According to him, from the month of the customer was collected all the money.
There is no money to buy food.
Those who were looking for a job were given
Sambu indicates that there is nothing wrong in the area and that we have been accused of government prosecution.
Zodwa Mabanga of Johannesburg confirmed that it was true because he too had been disfellowshipped
Dr. Mthabisi Bhebhe, the Secretary for Mpilo Hospital Doctorsion, will have been moved to see Dr. Magombe and want to care for it.
Dr. Tawanda, who also claims to work with Dr. Magombeyi, claims that many more more professionals are now fearful and that the Dr. Magombeyi will not be allowed to have a job and that will be retailed.
High Commissioner for Mpilo Hospital, Leonard Mabandi, has indicated that the doctors will soon resume their work
Walter also claims that many patients have been treated without consultation
Dr. Magombeyi was picked up and taken to strike. Two weeks the doctors went to the strike to claim that they would not get the license to work.
According to the government, it is a matter of regulating law on the part of the law of the law to pay for the services of the professionals but that of the practitioners is not
The Kentucky excavators are largely numbered in the US that are leaving Muhammad Ali, aged 74-year-old,
Among other things, US manpanin dada Bill onlinton, including George Foreman, Mike Tyson and Lenox Lewis and Will Smith
The President Obama also introduced his arguments. A Zimbabwen in Kentucky Patricia Chikanga, saying the nation could do something good about the heads of death.
Patricia Chikanga told Studio 7 that the country has to be indignant to the people of the country. Many people are voting to Ali
According to the Zimbabwe Council of Churches (ZCC), they are affected by what is happening at Matabeleland South, Matabeleland, and Bulawayo provinces in the analysts that have been given to police officers who are working in the patrol in the region.
ZCC has been gathered to deliver invitations and doctors working in the three circuits
ZCCC Secretary of the Pr. Dr. Kenneth Mta rebuked Studio 7 of its members as a threat to starving some people.
He claims that he has been hurt and is speaking the words.
According to him, the government has to take sides on political issues and support those who go hungry.
Dr. Mta means that the government will be allowed to use it so that they too can help in the house-to-house ministry.
Since 2007 and 2008, Zimbabwe loves the ecstasy and is on the decline
It has been changed from the Amrika lovelar, $32 and $ 40.
Many plants, liquids and liquids have been intensified to claim that we are not in the same country.
Speaking at the end of the meeting, the President Emmerson Mnangagwa announced that no nation could live on their money.
The Directoral Regional Regional Director Nelson has also declared that the country will not be successful if its own money is spent on its own.
However, the economy Prof. Gift Muguano insists that it is not the political party to determine what it is going to do with the market.
The President of Zimbabwe Retailers Denford Matashu has also seen how economy has affected the economy.
The Zimbabwe National chamber of Intelligence, Ohris Mugagaga, has also said it has to be confined to intensity and is expected to enhance the quality of the love of thelar.
Prof. Mugano, on the other hand, has claimed that no dog manager is in the traffic, and even the government is reluctant to accept the larity of the country.
ZCTU Writer Moyo has also announced that business has never been so bad.
An economy also indicates that Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, RBZ, is planning to ensure that the country will be able to maintain its rights
However, the RBZtenani Dr John Mangudya claims that all of them are fibers.
Since 2019, Zimbabwe began to use the Amrikalar love but have been resigned to their own love oflarity in the last year.
Zimbabwe Vulnerability Assessment Committee, zimvaIA, thinks it will be nine per cent of Zimbabweians who will be trapped in the Kitawonsa month.
But only one percent of the past month needed food in the rural area.
The most affected women are Matabeland North, Masvingo and Midlands
The supervision Committee, Fewsnet, has announced that those in the large city also need food because the economy is destroying the economy.
Those who suffer from starvation are the most likely to be affected by the yklone residents and the syklone
According to the Census Committee of the World Vision, World Vision is being fed because they have been associated with the Red Riross company.
But it is going as if those who were not registered in the sector were in danger.
The residents of Gweru have expressed fear of COVID-19 because of the vaccination of the town.
The Gwetu Pkwy has been hit by about a dozen people since Friday
There are also about 30 persons speaking to the Mkoba teachers.
The people in Zimbabwe who are cared for by South Africa and Botswana
According to the media, the President Mangwana wrote that the Mboka cholegation alone can serve as a source of excavators from the Gwetu Platelet Policy.
Ms. Enita Nyati took the lead in Studio 7 to fear that the -19 will be picked up and will be able to get out of the protect
However, Nyasha Mahwende also indicates that such caregivers as Zimbabweans or how to care for their own family and their alcoholic beverages.
It has been said that in addition to the infectious disease, it may be possible that these partners perform illegal tasks and that therefore, they have a greater need for remedy.
The two agencies have indicated that the Midland Regional Regional Regional Regional Responsible to the Studio was required to be present
The Midlands Minister Larry Mavima and Dr. Mhene have heard them but we went to talk to him and showed that he was at a meeting.
According to some experts in South Africa and Botswana, while they were present, they could have been picked up at a time when the vines could have been
Gweru. Makombe put before VOA Studio 7 for the preservation of some viral miners.
He urged the public not to be afraid but to keep the road systems under control and to care for those who have the vines.
People " s Democratic Party President, Lu Lu Lu Luziia Matibenga, who lives in Gweru, has said it is the government " s duty to protect the entire population.
The Vines have not told the Midlands but what is happening in towns around them fears that the vines will come upon them
The manager on Wednesday met with the doctors who visited the strike for the first time since going to strike, the first day of the year
Some of the doctors also went to strike Wednesday. Many people are missing because they go to strike because they are
The President Emmerson Mnangagwa has returned on Tuesday to Prof. aonstantino owenga to find a way to seal the strike.
According to the President Mangwana, the President of the President of the President Mnangagwa, the President is expecting the national election to make the most of the situation possible.
On Tuesday, Mr.hiwenga urged all doctors to go to work.
The heads of the Zimbabwe Medicalassociation Professional Professional Director has given the government an average of eight-hour strikes to accommodate the federal
The President of Zimbabwe, the President of Hospital Doctorsion, Dr Elias Muzoremba, held a meeting to listen to the doctors " comments.
The prosecutional rite is that the doctors told the President that it was the Health Services Board that it was in their interest.
The doctors say they want the government to do something in the recruits of the intestines and institutions to recruit the US love RTGS
The doctors take $ 329 a month, but the money comes in RTGS.
However, the economy of Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University, Prof. Gift Mugano reprimanded Studio that the government couldn't pay all the money
We asked Dr. Mugano how it turned out to be that the US lovelars will be recruited and transformed.
Mr. Itai Rusike, a headmaster of the President of Justice Working Group on Health, reprimanded Studio that the state would have to make it necessary to increase the amount of health care in the bags.
Some of the people are saying the Health Insuranceards are not always ready to take US love for or stay at home.
The Warriors national admission from South Africa to the knife in the heels tournament.
The team has two categories in the soup and African hydrocarbons, which have to be conquered on Saturday.
The boosafaup is being prepared for the Aflobish in Zimbabwe to accept the cup that was picked up at the end of the sixth year.
In view of the economy, Zimbabwe has not yet competed in a competitive census to be taken to the Afloor, and the President of Warriors announced that the hemophiliacs are the means to regulate the team.
Onzambwa is looking forward to accepting the cup again for an apprehend of the cup from the start of the ceremony in a year.
Onzambwa took the cup of cook in 2003,2017, and 2018
Zimbabwe picked up some of the excavators, including Tendai Darikwa, Admiral Muskwe, and the Aledi Municipality and wanted them to come into the heelafa conte.
This year Zimbabwe plays a major part in the Aflo-Adge team because of the excavators, such as Knowledge Musona and Marvelous Nakamba
Shingirai Miti, a member of the Association for Warriors, has announced that there is no rivalry, since the cup is Zimbabwe at any time.
The Zimbabweans are waiting to win the first rivalry between the Egyptians in the Afloth because of the cup they have been taken.
As told by Ronald Pfumbidzai, they are going to go to Egypt to eat fruit.
Zimbabwe and Egypt, Democratic RePublic of aongo and Uganda, are taking the lead in Groups whose accommodation of Wellington Mpandare is being taken from that group.
If the heat of the rivalry ended the ravagement of the contemporary invasion from Nigeria to the High Commission in Egypt.
Many of the professionals are unaware that hydrocarbons have a combination with their family and friends, but this year, when others were meeting with their family, they were dating to Egypt in the Champions League competition.
This is the third of the Platinum parks, winning the Sudan Al Hilal and defeating Tunisia Etoile dusahel.
Sweswewe says they will do this and they will be expecting to have a recurring career in the eyes of the Vice Chairman, who will have to recruit the two missing census. The President of the Mambai, has said, on Tuesday, and on Tuesday, that they are being handed down to their friends.
According to the Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZS), the government will not take care of those who go to strike.
The company says they want the government to pay teachers for US love
According to the Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZI), through the ivil Service, the Public Service Commission and Ministry of Financial Service,, they were introduced to the government by the custom.
Studio7 has not heard what the government has to say on the matter because Moni Mustsvangwa, a customer.
ARTUZ High Command Obert Masaraure claims that if they are armed, they should have a healthy life but they have no choice.
According to Masarure, the government has the right to be concerned about the economy, but it has to fight against corruption and corruption in order to ensure that the economy is well cared for.
According to the Masarure, the government is destroying money in the wake when it could have been used to rifle the rifle of
Masarure found that money in the country can solve problems, but one problem is that the country is not able to control the economy and see the need to plan to solve the problem.
Politics are becoming increasingly aggressive in their efforts to obtain passport in the country.
As a result, the government urged Registrar-General to order the Zimbabweans in the countries to pay $.
Kazembe Kazembe, a spokesman and the media, reprimanded them for the quest for passports and headaches in the communities.
According to him, to ensure that foreigners are obtained by the government, government has found the need to be closed in order to get the license quickly.
However, some people don't realize that this is an increase in public transportation to the explosive parties.
A manager " s passport in the country pays $ in RTGS and is pursuing passports for three days.
And if they want the passport on the same day, they pay $
The headmaster conferred on the institutions of the sector, Kindness Paradza, has said the ultimatum is supported by passports and that will help the foreigners to understand the situation in the country
According to Paradza, people in general are beating their family and friends who have been defrauded to make the passports for themselves
Iaa Nyaumba, a Zimbabwen, has said that when he met the famous player, Neymar, he picked the photo with her.
Neymar was born in Sao Paulo in Brazil and Neymar was named in Silva Santo únior.
Neymar is now struck by the Spanish soccer Barcelona of Lionel Messi. He also promised to Brazil, who led the underworld to save the first gold in the Olympies
Most people say the architects were trailed on the Maumba and the Neymar photos in Vi Vi Viuchtoria Falls, and Studio was told that he was being picked up while he was working in Ukutulaonservation Oenter, near Pretoria in South Africa
The Warriors " players are planning to compete in the country of Zimbabwe to ensure that they know it in the games.
The Warriors are entering the Rufaro stadium in a park believed to be large in the history of Zimbabwe.
The Agokansie, by the Warriors and the Indomitable Lisses of Cameroon, will show that they can go to the Olympi Games in Rio in the previous year.
The Warriors met at Yaounde a week ago because they were defeated, but if they were going to win in this game, they would go to World.
The Warriors are the teams that have been able to move to the tournament from the golden girls that were able to attend in the year.
But the Warriors would be remembered for a future time as the first team to complete the tournament.
Zivanai Moroyiwa of the Warrior Association has said they are delaying because the Warriors were excited because they have not been able to do so for three decades.
Tonderayi Matimura, aaps United in the United States, believes that Warriors will be restored once more.
Zimbabwe Footballionno has seen the importance of the games, so it has been arranged for all in attendance.
Andrew Rwodzi, a Sport official, has said that many people will go to the stadium to play because of the plans made by ZFA
Mr. Matimura has also said he will go to the stadium because the love of thelar is lower than the money Zifa is going to collect.
Shadrek Mlauzi, a chairman of the team, is well-organized and is hoping that Rudo Neshamba and Ruthendo, will play a good part in the public.
At the same time, the Warrior team will meet Lesotho at Bourfields stadium in the African Nations Champion Agency.
According to the Team, Kalisto Pasuwa, three of the suspects Hardlife Zvirekwi and Justice complied with the innovation of their sexual perpetrators, but Muroyiwa has indicated that Warriors is not as high as Lesotho.
The Warrior is on the watch that the two sports can win and go to the African Nations Championships finals, which has been taken from the tournament.
The public is focused on Mighty Warriors
The customers at Harare and Taaare and the members of the Sesisisiikile movements have added to Zimbabwe to the polite excavators who have been disfellowshipped for their jobs.
Some of these incidents occurred in the Norton city where the customers had not moved from Katanga to selling them.
The President Makomborero Haruzivishe of the Advancement Commission / Sesisisisisisisisisisisisi, has announced that some of his members have been affected by the customers.
Haruzivishe announced that while they were on the police station, they were watching those who were beaten but saw that it was only one person.
Harare CityCouncil spokesman, Miwahael, has declared that nothing has happened because they were not in the city when the incident occurred.
On the other hand, by the government, a rites issued the Twitter statement that many of the children were killed by the police.
The government further stated that some of the teenagers are celebrating the census that are being held in the knife of the police to combat those who did so
We have not heard the public voice as these statements.
The Zimbabwen town of South Africa, represented by the Zimbabweans of the city, has declared that the hygiene in the Johannesburg streets that have been attacked to the people of Zimbabwe
The increasing robbery in these women is said to have been the titire Hillbrow, Time and Yeoville and some of the people near the borders and Zimbabweans.
The spokesman for Zimbabwe, the capital of South Africa, has announced that his police are planning to investigate and investigate the subject.
He added the company was planning to deal with the police during the last month and six times to find ways to solve this problem
It is said that the police should have visited the area during periods of time, but since they are not allowed to allow the suspects to go out and search for them.
Mr. M. Mkwananzi claims that those who were known for their insolence have the rights of the police and the Zimbabwens of those women.
Those who have also spoken to Studio7 indicate that the police and the military have to be brought to those women in order to eradicate the vaccination of
The South Africans have also accused the foreigners of the increasing robbery, drug abuse and immorality
Many people have said that between two and nine thousand years will solve a problem in the country " s politics and the economy.
The NPPP Parliament of the East, Mr. Paul Apraku Twum Barimah, has ordered the compliment of the compliance of the President, John Mahama, between the ages of two and three thousand and a half.
He added the incident to the economy, Mr. Ken Ofori Attah, saying the investigation will help both him and the Ghanaians to see how much money has been spent on the day.
I have asked that question because I hear the debt debt of the President, John Mahama, and I hear it.
There is nothing you want to do.
Mr. Barimah explained that he has not given any political support to the question.
It is time for us to assume that the debt we owe to the country, the rtered flights, to see how we will move about it, and to do so only if we see it from the past.
Is there any leader, or is it because it is the reason why it has been done? Is there any agreement about national travel? That is why I am not making any political claims.
She added, I want to find out how we can improve the situation. Today it will be a new government. That is why we cann't agree on these issues if we do not agree with them at all times.
Ablakwa is important.
Foreign Affairs Affairs Affair Committee, Mr. Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwa, has also asked the government for reasons why the President, Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo-Akufo-Ao, has been on the move to France.
The National Democratic Congress (NDC) President of North Tungu said it was embarrassing to have Ghana in a well-acquainted mining mining country.
He added that Ghana has to do with GHS million meinu every opportunity.
The President of the state of Bono East, Mr. Kwasi Adu-Gyan, has praised the NPP and the NDC officials for bringing peace among them.
He said I am boastful that the NDCs and the NDC officers are uniting in support of the state.
Mr. Adu-Gyan further stated that peace helps to improve the situation in the area and that the state is relatively stable when it is not peaceful.
The Regional Minister made the statements after the completion of the program of the Temanship
The executives of the program included the NPP and the NDC executives, the traditional authorities, agencies, elections, the National Commission or Civic Education (GC), and the iviliety orisations.
The National Peace Council took such initiatives by Commonwealth Secretariat to test their claims against the still-Bountering Postion Violence, and Building consensus for Greater Political Tolerance in Ghana.
The allegations are based on elections, as well as on a variety of roads to compromising the tail.
Mr. Adu-Gyan said the Ghanaians were boastful that the Global peace Index Report has declared the peace of Ghana and its second state in Abirem. He added that the NPP and NDC had been promoted to promote national peace.
He added that this is the kind of giving to the nation of Ghana by the chiefs, the economy, the government, the President, the Parliament, and the media.
He promised that Regional,oordinating Council (GRR) will ensure that this peace will be maintained forever.
Speaking at the Electoral Justicee, Alhai Suallah Abdallah Quandah, the Secretary of the state of Bono, declared the Council of Bono by the Electoral Justice that the political stands in the country.
According to him, the Electoral Justice is not a new step but that society is going to revolve around elections and politics, and it doesn't expect them to compromise their operations
Alhaji Quandah pointed out the need for every nation to have Electoral Justice to ensure that their elections are recruited
The President of South Parliament Samuel Atta Akye of Ghana has assured the Ghanaians that when the Nana Addo patrol is seventeenth day in the second and tenth year, all the problems of Ghana will be solved.
He claims that the government of Nana Addo will make the economy feel better because they have planned to economy.
Referring to Asiakwa SOS on the East Akim district in the West region, Atta Akye announced that a new era in Ghana will be recruited with economic and economic conditions.
He added that the President, Nana Addo, who has been betrayed, has been ready to engage in the fine work
The offer included rice, salt, salt, goats, lizards, wine, and too much money.
Three of the brothers who spent their mother selling Tarkwa-Nsuta in the province of Tarkwa-NNsuaem have been identified in the Ark Region as dying.
Three of them died because of the generator's decline to go to them.
The Vice President of Instiga, George S from Tarkwa-Nsuta station, announced that a three-week-old call was killed in a minefield.
He explains when he and his ancestors were placed on Abena Amos, Arabi Dadzi, 13 and Akabazi, 7, before the court of Tarkwa " s court, waiting for the custom
Speaking to the President Emmanuel Ohene Gyan, Mr. Sekyi explained that the dead were living with their mother and caring for the Golden CityKikon on Tarkwa Water.
He shows that they focused on their mother as they helped their mother to work with her at the end of the day.
According to him, the day was reduced to rubber because of the floodwaters that occurred during the day. This led Madam Dadzi to light the generatorator so that his children would have a lightning. The next day he continued to shop, he realized that his children were dead.
The other beating has been accepting medical attention. The police are investigating the issue.
The President of the National Democratic Congress (NDCR), John Mahama, has declared that if he is a victorious in the election, he will support the Menzgold President of Nana Appiah Mensah, who is mostly aware of NAM for the payment of the public.
Speaking at Tarkwa-Nsuaem in the region of Ark, Mr. Mahama announced that the Akufo Addo was accustomed to as the Akufo, although NAM has taken the property of the people rather than the public.
According to him, the NAM is the unique protection of the Akufo Addo, and why are the prosecutors living on the components of NAM-1 in vain.
He assured that his lones would be a thorough investigation of NAM and his officers and that the public would be recruited to
Chairman Ellen Asamoah of Menzgold, on the question that Nkran Circuit was moved to bring the incident on the first day of Ahinime in 2021.
The country had already accused NAM of Kotoni in the second and twenty-thircuit to Nkran Circuit
The Police President, Sylvester Asare, took the lead in arguing that the prerequisite is not to blame on the other side of the NAM.
In the hostility, ASP Asare told the complaint that they were moved to listen to the proposed direction on the matter.
The call was asked to take the case with the prosecutor to prepare for the matter.
He added that paying attention to the counsel and resolving the prosecutors has led to apprehending them into
But they went to the excavators and pleaded for a new day to pay attention to the prosecution.
NAM the prosecutor appeared on the verge of
The Nkran Circuit went toto for NAM bail GHS billion.
He said he doesn't blame for the three charges that the government has rejected the charges, and they have been unaware of how to handle the charges.
He also has to show himself to the police on Wednesday at ten o " clock.
Among the first charges were coalition, audio recording, a lack of licenses, digital mining equipment, and laundering.
Also, GHS billions of all the money they had received from machinery and minerals were GHS billion.
The use of luck is becoming a problem.
The police also claim that the increasing number of illegal robbers, accidents, and illegal laws in the highways is your customers.
Otherwise, too, the overall increase in the number of data is coming and there is a need for solutions.
Many more of us have to put on the stress that this has been slandered.
One of the problems facing the nation is how to get the motor and okes used to mislead them.
During the two thousand years, the Road Traffiɔ Regulations, 2012 (L.I. 2180), he made the law that would enfor
The Law came that it did not have the right to use okadas and motors unless it was used as a Person or delivery Services. Then DVLA was ordered not to allow the license to be used for public services.
The Okada and the father have been stabbed in this country without consulting the law enforceed by the law.
When you go to the villages where okada and the park are picked up, the compounds, the compounds
The residents of the large city travel through okada and park in order to keep their traffik.
Because he is admonished, it is too much for him to go through
If the vaccination is not said, the excavators are picked up
Many people, however, don't like okada and the park because of their noise and excavators.
Traditional accidents by continuation are a matter of interest
Many companies including the Ghana Medicalassociation National Road Safety Authority have called for payment to the country for the first time.
This has happened to the country " s father.
This is because it doesn't take part in the revolt that has been imposed, it has become a threat to many Ghanaians.
As for us here in Daily Graphic, we think the country is looking at the law again and looks for the best ways to ensure that this project is done.
When you go to India, it is the firstfruit in their mining but we don't think of things as if we were living in Ghana.
So how can we learn from India that we can bring it to our esteem?
We need to keep in mind that because of their difficult business dealings, they are slandered and stubbornly sensed that it is a job to support themselves and their family.
This has just become a problem and harassment and we have Daily Graphic to think that our training and planning to ensure that it will help the nation to continue.
They were enforcing the law that permits working, and arrangements were made to ensure that all participants were expected to be killed in every accident.
The arrangement is designed to ensure that the Ghana Police Regional Police has complied the law and has helped to reduce the compulsion of sleep and poultry.
Many of the Ghanaians in Ghana have been confused with the law because it has the right and wrong.
Daily Graphic believes that if we want to be law-abiding to bring our roads and circumstances, we should try to get out of the door and see the problem at all.
I don't remember every day in Ghana that the last Friday was Green Ghana.
This is the day when all of us went out to the altitude to go to the tree.
I have been in Ghana for the past 25 years, and I have seen that what is happening in our country contradicts what is happening in the academics. This has become a part of a laboratory program that is designed to protect the damaged hands.
The Financial Resources and the Ministry of Agriculture provided us with an interest rate that has not been planted in the long run.
Ghanaians will see that one of the most important things that we need to hear ynaments is that of our groceries, which we call Ghana.
What is more important than roads, a reservation room, a lack of hospitals or uncircumcised hospitals, and even the most important of all cases, is the decline in the rain forests, the rainy rainfall, and the crashing of the Colleas.
I don't look at a classmate but I can say that Ghana was not like today in Ghana when I went to school.
We continue to speak about too many forests, but the fact is that our hands are not right.
We still speak about the animals of the forest, but all of them have been picked up and down.
More and more of her help has become part of our speech, but it is not the same.
Even what we thought was a forest without our touching, all of us have been thrown into sore straits and gold for him.
Maybe we are honest
