When these six persons were arrested, the prosecutors claimed to have six bullets and GH ¢1,292,180; what seems to be a mining mining site (when the suspects of gold), an audio that was a gold-driched mortgage and a hydrocarboury.
A person who thinks he is a thief who is trapped in his arms and trapped by police in Kyebi in the Central Region.
Starr News injustices from Kyebi indicate that a group of people from the Anti Armed Robbery and Personnel from CID went to seize suspect (sbenezer Gyimah in May 21, 2021.
The Suspet was moved to Kyebi Zongo to investigate after the coupon was taken.
The next day, Musa Kamara, aged Sixteen-year-old, was seeking hardship in Kibi Zongo at the Hotel on Thirty Years, 2021.
He assumed that the police had broken his legs and that he couldn't swallow them.
He was taken to the Kyebi government hospital where the police were protecting him.
These partners are thought to be among thieves who are being harassed by Kibi, Tas, Osisiem, Aduca, and the surrounding communities.
Within three months, there were at least ten robberies in these two large cities.
On the sixth and twenty-five day of June 2021, a woman lost her life at the hands of thieves in the Auditorium Ettukrom and Bunso, from the Koforidua to Buwae Hawae (Hwaighway).
The last few hours that this incident took place, and the two susceptible species, Haruna Amadu (from 25 years of age and Joseph Nyira (4ty-six-five years).
Two uncontrolled guns were found, ¢257.00, one of the armed robbers, the six cubits (bag), with three armed robbers in the hands of those who were robbed, ceremonials (the ceremonies held in the robbers), and accommodations of black-and
The suspect was killed on the Thirteenth day, on the same shade, when the Koforidua-American Holocaust was killed and the victim was killed.
It struck at about 4:30 that the robbers built the Barfuor High Roads near Sor Weapons, where police stationed it.
According to one of the robbers, almost twenty-four thiefs were robbed of their lives and made money about ¢50,000.
The evening before the dinner (8:00 pm), thieves were robbed of robbery in the hotel and where gasoline (the Tapetrol in the Village City), and it was the day of Wednesday, Oforisuo, on Wednesday, on Wednesday, and on Wednesday, on Wednes, on Tuesday,
They also took the gun that was protecting the area to shake the walls. When the thieves arrived in the area, these officers were picked up.
No longer did any atoms occur.
Apollos received a BB kateregyi (cartridges) in which there were nonexistents, one indigenous injective intake of injuries (food) in which the incident occurred.
The robbers were trapped in a black saluun (saloon).
This incident occurred only three years ago when Nuhu Yashawa was killed and died in Osisisiem.
The online of Monday, Oforisuo, on the second and twenty-three days of the 2021, on which seven occupants were trapped (7:20 psychiatric men and four knives were robbed in the Good Filling Station
The robbers have stocked their innocence. They think this money was the money they borrowed throughout the night’s work.
The robbers were also picked up the Motorola nose , which was Adamu Zakari , a judge in that area for three decades (30)
The police took all kinds of kateregians in the area where this incident took place.
The Chief Executive Officer of Education, Rev. John Minm Fordour, and also the Assin South Parliament, has assured teachers that their efforts are important to the government.
According to him, it has been used in the way to introduce Teacher Welfare App as a solution.
The Minority Leader shows that even teachers are in need of the government and promises to solve any problems involving teachers, their economy, and even their finances.
To counteract the problem facing teachers, Rev. Fordour claims they have sent kees (which has been sent to hydrocarbons in each region to solve problems where teachers are going to recover.
These apps, the Minister of Education, Dr. Yaw Osei Adutwum, are said to help solve the problems that are too difficult for teachers.
John Ntim Fordour rebuked the various teachers to believe that the government will solve their problems. With those words, he spent time talking to the media about the Ghana Association of Teachers (GNAT), which has not been believed to be the government.
The analysts are also used to explain their views on the matter of cashing, which was ‘Beyond Teachers " Fund; Making the Teacher Egionomy Sound”.
He rebuked GNAT officers and members of the community that teachers in the country have helped to improve the country. He also stressed that the government will solve the problems facing teachers.
He assured GNAT that they were being introduced to various programs to express their gratitude. he created GNAT in their business scheduled to have a greater share in Unique Insurance and Sweden’ Medical Centre, who also announced to GNAT that they were participating in construction projects and building projects for their members.
Rev. Eyem Fordjour assured teachers that each side of the Academy will enable teachers to use 280,000 computers in order to accomplish their business.
He appealed to all teachers in the country to share with the Ministry of Education and to help in the field of education.
Central Regional Police has a long history of feki (fake) a two-year-old surgeon and his six-year-old daughter at Assin Adedeamtem in the Assin South province of Assin.
They were conversing with the EIB Networkers on Thyatigative of the state, PRO Sgt. Evans Isa, thus claiming that the Northern Region Committee and the Investigative Unittal Dennsada Foresday, has been interrogated by some 25 years since May 4, 20th-year-olds in Accra and in Accra,” he added.
At the time the police arrived, her six-year-old daughter , Alberta Lanuekor, was on the verge of trying the same person, and others were going to see them.
The couple were dispatched to the police stations, including opirehyin and other miners.
Thurs Boagyan, EIB Network Mfini’s research conduct conducted by his examination of the customary members of the state of the EIB. These false physicians were exposed.
According to them, a lot of incidents of illegality were discontinued, and some people lost their lives.
These two have policemen who are supporting the investigation.
Four people in Bomso in the Oforikrom region, located in the Ashanti Region, were flooded by heavy rainfall on Thursday, May 21, 2021.
The termbele memba (assembly member), in the province of Bomso, Isaa Appiah, who said in fact, had set out on the strike, claiming that on Friday, people were ready to search after the missed people.
The total total rainfall in Kumasi, which lasts two days of the city of Asante, has been destroying the property that will cost millions.
Kumasi Kejetia also played its share in the rainfall on Wednesday. The Water also took up residences of musical structures and grew hydrocarbons.
Isisiah (mayor, Osei Asibey Antwi, who is resting because he is ill, put the Starr FM customers in the state of Asante, Isaa Man Bediako as the KMAkneal Association together to ponder over the floodwaters that are taking place in Kumasi.
According to him, “The Gabele’s plans and plans will come together in the morning to meditate on the floods of the morning, and I've stayed in all Kumasi, but I never saw a lot of water. Theisei
He added that if the meeting lasted, the meeting will move on to their places where the floodwaters had eroded, and the chances that the incident could help the restaurants, as well as the arrangements for the incident.
The residents of Effia-Kwesimintsim digital museum and the capital of the Sekondi Takoradi are exposed to the superiority of their camp.
Two of the three robbers were held in Tanokrom, a street under Effia-Kwesimintsim. These motorbike robbers were denied an ammirika gi, which was a golden mantle in the ‘N.”
They were unconcerned and put on to their Takoradi Mall, but one of them attempted to seize the garbage garbage garbage.
The council robbers were carefully robbed before the police was handed over. The woman who was eventually picked up and had nothing to do with hergi.
In the last week, the residents of the SSNIT were unable to sleep because some motorcycles made noise as they knew the motorcycle for the next day.
Also, “OTV kamera’s three partners who were sitting in motorbikes were trying to get to their Anaei Westline in the capital of Sekondi-Takoradi, Prince Kojobele memba West and also serves as the High Commissioner of the Supreme Court, who was told by the Supreme Court of the Supreme Court of the West.
He claims that there was no answer to the police in spite of its ceremonies and ritualistic practices on the part of the motorcycles that these motorists are
According to Nelson Roland, armed robbers said, some of the motorists played their motorcycles in the tracks, while he was on his way to see how the victim was damaged, they picked up almost 12 knifessses, with a golden cucumber.
The Koforidua Executives who set up their savings on the Fanteakwa Rural Bank and put other bananas on their bank account for their inability.
The administrator is advocating the rights of President Akufo-Addo and legislation, Alban Bagbin and the Bank of Ghana for financial support.
Fanteakwa Rural Bank, a Fanteakwa North legislator, Amankwah Asiamah, was picked up during the second millennium, not during the 20th century.
The bank is in Begoro and its banks are located in Koforidua, Osiem, Suhum, electricity, and other regions of the state.
It is thought that about a thousand people have saved their money in this bank.
Most of the debtors are farmers, businessmen, teachers, priests, miners, and customers.
The rest of their money has resulted in expenditure and other deaths, including miners.
Most of the victims have a total of about GH¢500.00 to GH¢27,000.00 in the banks that have been
The total expenditures pre pre- 2016 protocols are being launched to expel their money. Some have obtained too much money for their money.
Conversation with approximately twenty-five debt debtors in Koforidua, the Parliament was called upon to interfere with the inability to pay their money.
According to them, they did all they could to get their money, but they did not go anyway. They also insisted that the legislator was not willing to do so.
Elizabeth Amoah, a businessman speaking to the journalists, announced that the legislator would pay the 2020 prosecution, but not according to the audio recording.
“I went to Begoro to save his money during the 2020 prosecution, and the legislator assured him that after the prosecution had been elected, he would pay his money, it is a sad fact, when the election lasted, I called the Parliament, and it was written.
He added, “What is why the Parliament will swindle me and save me, GH 12,000,000, which I have gathered together. I am speaking to President Akufo-Addo and legislation to the Police Commission in Asiamah and to bring my money into the House,” he added.
Another person whose money has also been debted has said, “The President Akufo Addo and Parliament, Alban Bagbin, is going to embark on this matter, and because I am the NPPPP, we are not alone,” I said. I said, since our daughter and I were always going to bed.
It is also reported by the others, that the divorce rate and self-discipline through the rest of their money.
The Chairman of the North Parliament, the Chief Executive Officer of the Population of Conservation, Police Traditional Asiamah, who is a member of the overall bank, said nothing about this.
Instead, he had said it wasn't true that the bank’s bank account was accused by Nana Akufo Ao dwetire to inflict the invasion of 2012 for the bank’s investment.
According to the Parliament, it is not true that the bank owes a thousand people, claiming that the bank had paid too much for them.
Adam Mutawkilu , a member of the legislator of the mining sector and the electricity of the mining sector, attracted the brink of the truck at $170,000,000, claiming that if it was preached in Ghana, he would not win.
He claims that the President of the government will do all he can to win the case.
The Parliament pointed out to Francis Abban on the Morning Star Service (which is on Thursday, “I’m really sure that everything in Ghana was going on is going on, and I don’t have to admit it,” he said, it wasn’t
The President of Government has allayed the charges against the Mahamammuo.
Under the Court
In 2021 the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 for concerting with GUGP limited.
The Minister of lightning, Boakye Fatherrko, was cut down on the necklace and other electrical necks. The NPP government indicated that the country did not need such an electrical system.
The judgment brought by the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,61 and homicide from the tenth month to 2018 to the concert to the end.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,87/74 to GC for the composition of the court, and $3,000,000 to the AGC in addition to the debts made to their trucks and witnesses. All these debts moved to $3,309,874.
The residents of the Ajako Ochioso region of the Central Central Region, are excited by the fact that many fish have come into the Baptizer and get their drinking water.
This occurred on Thursday after the rains fell. The townspeople claims that this is a blessing from their ancestors.
The residents of the area put on arm and were allowed to take some of the fish and take them home.
They were Jerry Boagyan, a typical FM customer and Worry Obosu who was working at the riverside, claiming that something had happened since he returned home and was convinced that it was a blessing to the region.
He indicated that some of the fish would be taken to the market and sold. “The fishing came into the baptism system, bringing the twenty-five cucumbers of the miners in the Mankessin and Kasoa music.”
I can't understand because something has never happened in the Austomian neighborhood.”
Then, the residents pleaded with the aid of fish and water to help them get their bills into the market.
One resident of the community said, “We have no work in the area of AWhenso to do this will help us to earn a lot of money to support our children at school and at home. We are asking the elders to help us with the challenges we are facing in the mining sector,” he added.
Sembele memba in Ajumako Ochioso or Maxwell Mensah made supplications to the Administration and to the government to help the residents to keep fishing in the river so that the young will find work.
Director of the Institute of Energy Security, Nana Amoasi VII has expressed his opinions to the government’s superior, Godfred Dame, claiming that he did not perform his service to bring the government of Ghana to $170,000,000 for the Ghana Power company onGCP).
Referring to the Morning Starr on Thursday, Nana Amoasi VII announced that the President of the government had not directed Ghanaians to move on to $170,000,000.
“There we have the right to go on this matter, but we have defended ourselves with COVID-19 and elections. The President did not do his own well. He did not do what
He added these words to the Community Court of London, a statement in which the government of Ghana was accused by $170,000,000, to pay for the Ghana Power companyno.
The government of Ghana, according to London, ignored the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) Tribunal and ignored it.
The court’s judgment announced on Wednesday, May 8, May 23, that the government of Ghana was compelled to pay the proceeds according to its application.
The government’s truck, Godfred Dame, claims that the 2020 election was COVID-19, which also resulted in a hesitation of London's prosecution.
Charles Kimmins Qɔ and Mark Tushingham, a truck, in these cases, indicate that the government of Ghana took the initiative to go on this issue.
The government of Ghana also introduced Khawar Qureshi Qureshi Q foreshadowed the operation of Omnia Strategy and the Ghana Association of Kimathi & Partners and Fonting.
Ghana took the residents of the Regional Amofa & Partners in Accra.
The three customers, John Beehey, the president of the International aminal Court of Arration, and the Prof Albert Fiado, were authorized by a professor of Ghana to pay $170,000,000 for the government’s interest rate.
The concubine was 134.35 million in the necks, including 69.36 million facilitys, 58.49 million were robbed, 6.46 million in diameters, including 32,448.
The court also costs the government of Ghana $ 614,353.86,353.86 that the court costs the equivalent of three million dollars in debt to their alliances and courts.
According to the court, the Kimihyin, who claimed to be concubines, did not have any valid basis for claiming that they should pay $18,000,000 for hygiene.
The court’s decision to refute the Ghana government’s decision by digging into the concert shows that the basis for the crossing of the necks showed that CHANG has the power of licensing the Chapter of the Chamber of Ghana’s Censaeration and allowing them to pass through the Bluean land on the day of 2017.
The court answered that the Ghana government did not have any construction projects, including the Energy Commission Act, to ensure accommodations.
The court stated, “That is corrected by the Dr. Kinkorah (ogy’s strength to gomihy), and the Chief Executive Officer of the Development Project created an implementation of the AG May, in 2017. The Minister of Fi
According to Britain’s law, the government has a fifty days to refute the court’s judgments. But they do not take any action until the dawn has been settled for three days, before the court orders them to retire for a while.
Omnia Strategy , the British law firm, begged for fifty days to be added. This was the time when they had to go to the other party twice.
The court ruled the eighth, 2021, that the government could force its registration during the court’s decision, and the government went to Oforisuo on its first day, 2021, to begin its operation, and to begin its operation by the British Union’s office of Volkeaett, after the British Region.
The envoy of the Association for the communal corporation of all the nations around the world explained that ten days after public transportation, Godfred Yeboah Dame, was ruling on the Finance of the government, and the government insisted that the nominees be held.
The court’s judgment is announced on May 8, 2021, that all the statements made are confused and limited.
Justice, Justice Butsiher has been hesitant.
According to the Global Arbitration Review, the judges insist that the government delayed it as agnetic and also as a substitute, that their nomination started thirty-three as well as seven decades ago.
According to him, the court’s investment does not allow him to transmit the sale as he did.
He added that it is about five times before the government’s truck, it allows the government to use the time they are assigned.
Under the Court
At the end of the 2021, the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,000,000 and $30,000,000 for burials with GUGP limited.
The Minister of lightning, Boakye Fatherrko, was cut down on the necklace and other electrical necks. The NPP government indicated that the country did not need such an electrical system.
The judgment brought by the International Court of Arbitration ordered the government of Ghana to pay $134,348,61 and homicide from the tenth month to 2018 to the concert to the end.
The government of Ghana also paid $309,87/74 to GC for the implementation of the court, and $3,000,000 to locate the debts made on the truck and on the mail. All these debts moved to $3,309,874.
It has been reported that the massive rainfall in the capital of Kumasi, Asante, has taken a smaller amount of water in Sawaba.
This little girl and her parents were traveling on their way to pragia. With the floodwaters, the pragia broke out.
The residents in the area reportedly bought the irrigation, not the parents, but the children chanced upon that the water had taken him.
According to one of the residents, Francis Abban, on the Morning Star Thursday program, “What was trapped in the water, and it is difficult for you to cross the road through the main water,” he said, it was because of the fact that his parents were drowned.
Others reported that the President Akufo-Addo was also quoted in the floodwaters.
The President Idrisu Adams, who is also known as the most populated Koomi, who was picked up by the Ashanti Regional Directors, was killed while he was being picked up by the police for a long time.
The smus was one of the officers who were looking for them and who was picked up on May 21, 2021, when the police went to the opihin.
On the 20th day of the 2021, the police were taken to areas where he claims he was the victim of the burglary and attempted to hatch. The policemen killed him as if he couldn't escape.
He was taken to the St. Martins hospital and left.
The police have announced that they are looking for his robbers and advising them to join the police’s vaccination community near them.
The police assured the public that they would do all they could to combat theft and that the public was also asking for help.
The Minister of State security, Albert Kan Dapaah, has explained why he has migrated to the Asante region’s security agency, DCOP Opare-Addo.
According to Kan Dapaah, they did all they could to enforce the laboratory space, and they had to do so.
The prosecutor announced to Star News that the NPPPP Association, Delta For, was trampled on his freedoms by refusing to do what was expected of him in the region.
The Minister of prosecution and the South Dayi Parliament of Parliament, Rosikson-Nelson Dafeamek, announced that the administration was responsible for the administration.
On the contrary, he did not imply that Mr. Opare-Addo was excavated while indicating that it was necessary to force.
Opare-Addo was under his arm for three years to serve as the Asante region’s security officers at the end of his two-year neckties at the end of the fiveth day of the year, 2018.
“What is the President’s appointment on Tuesday, in the late 2021, after which he was deposed, DCOP Opare-Addo said his neck was deposited, and after he was depositated, Arthur’s man-madeade collaborators were put in place since the capital was held.”
Mr. Dapaah also explained that “we were going to stop his operation, so the new security officers, who were unable to perform his duties, were willing to send the security officers at the end of the month, and the ten-siest day in 2021 to go to the state of Asa, so they did not want them to do so.”
He added, “What is now DCOP Opare-Addo, and I, as a khy management, have not yet met any public prosecution,” he added.
If DCOP Opare-Addo takes the right approach to every person, I will try to investigate the matter.
British Haekɔmisa of Ghana, on Wednesday, Iain Walker and EIBwork Network High Commander, Nathan Kwabena Adisi, commonly called Bola Ray to Waa, on Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, Wednesday, On Wednesday, E
The proclamation “Taste Ghana’s leading up to Bola Ray was to allow the British Haekɔmis to consume some of the Ghana’s dishes. The Chairmenes were lowered in a popularly market in New Town and completed in the marketplace in Nima.
The police in Adeiso in the Central Regional Region, on Wednesday, had taken up a quarter of fifty-five rifles, which were added.
According to the Police Commission, on May 20, it was picked up on May 23, that a white man was mining in the Okaikrom area near Adeiso (whisket), where he was three times more likely to go.
The police visited the area and two terases and peels were picked up to be picked up.
The drivers pulling the teraks and peels who were at work were chanced upon to see the police coming, and the police were doing their best the next day at the Klutse Kofi where Mitsubishi ( 7191 C.E.”
Fifteen guns and seventy-four rifles are found in the compound and are investigated.
The Police conference, on public relations, led Starr andws to claim that this person had been denied.
According to him, the suspect was picked up as a rifle in which the rifle was added to the Sammertide, as well as to Sand Winning company.
According to him, that person and the rifle were taken into the police’s rifle.
This happened when they were batttling people at their destination.
Two o " clock in the afternoon, on the Fifteenth day of the 2021, the men who lived in the bakery and the pot were trapped in GS835 the next day of Osae Kwame (food), who reported on on Tuesday, and from the dawn to the Central Region to the state of the state,” he added.
The police heard this incident, they took steps to the village not only to collect it but also to a place where Summerde company executives were being picked up in the village of Obeng Thursday near Adeiso.
The second person took the police manager, Alhassan Zakari, was killed when the gun hit him.
The next day, five people in that area were loaded into a coupon and taken to an unknown place.
What was said after the explosion, he saw that it was picked up on GH96,000 at the time of the gunfire.
The Kyebipolis picked up these five persons who were uninhabited the next day.
At 4:00 p.m., the Police Commission took the initiative to meet this
The police sought out the Nana Barfuor Sarpong, who claimed to be a national security officer, to see one of the AK47 cases in three different species.
Alhassan Z Zechariah and Bright Parliament were taken to the East hospital in Koforidua.
As for Seisei, the region of CID was built up in this case.
The victims are beele.
The Koforidua Akut has denied the five suspects who were accused of the Abuakwa chief of prosecution, GH¢200,000 under the judiciary.
The prosecutors were created with Nana Barfuor Sarpong, Nana Barima Twum Tarbiade II, all of which were kings in Abuakwa.
Among them were cheathan Martey, Eric Yaw Boateng, Vi Vi
They were taken to court on Thirty-sixth May 2021 with the use of bananas. This is: an attempt to inflix a person, the victim, the stabilizer, theft, theft, the thievery must be
She has moved the matter and has been put on the tenth day of Kitawonsa in 2021.
The prosecutor, Cyril Boateng Keteku, the deputy violin of the prosecutor, rebuked the court that the Osae Kwame (30 years) and Alhassan Zakaridi (30 years of harassment) are all farmers.
The third is Samuel Astu Forson, also the Chief Executive Officer of Adeiso, in Summertide Sand Wompany.
According to his statement, Nana Baffuor Sarpong, who is said to be a national prosecutor, “when the sound of the Fl’s conspicuity, was the leader of the administrator.
The second one is Nana Barima Twum Tabirade, king of the Amendment. The third isathan Martey, Nana Barfuor’s legion, and Thurs Obeng Barfuer, and Nana Barfuor, the leg of the minerals.
The others are notorious.
The government has taken steps to build Ghanaians in Bawku, Wama is making baraks in Bawku the defense defense defense defense defense of Bawku.
The President Akufo-Addo took these words to the headlines of the security sector to thieves from Burkina’s business dealings.
He made these statements when Bawku Naba needed his post on the Upper Stadium to complete.
You are being harassed by the fact that this region is near Burkina Faso, and you are being harassed by these people who want to bring problems and reports into Ghana.
He added, “Bawku Naba, they know the government’s policy to improve the development of policies in order to ensure the effectiveness of these private sectors from Burkina Faso.
I'm glad to put you in charge to build the military camp in this area and to help with the ongoing development.”
The Asigiri Abugrago Azoka II of Bawku Naba and also the President of the Kusaug kings announced that both the kings and the people of the Kusaug region were grateful for the provisions made by Ghana, Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo-Addo.
Referring to the President Akufo-Addo on his victory victory over the nation’s predecessor, Bawku Naba pleaded with the President that “the hard work you have done,” I pray that the true God will give you the wisdom and the strength you need to make the best of your arrangements.
According to Child Rights International investigation, 11,288 percent of children between 18 and seven years of age want to leave the country for a better career.
Fifteen percent of the people said they did not know whether to live or to leave the country.
According to the survey, fifteen percent of those who spent time with them indicated that they would have to go to another country; during a short period of time, they wanted to get a better job, go to school, or live a better life.
According to the survey, “while 80% of the editors claim that during the next two years, the nation will be unsure of its superiority. Approximately 20% of the population will be able to improve their skills in the future,” the survey says
A group of young people in the Ashanti Region, on the Ashanti Region, will be closed to a hundred Lighthouse, International rising in the region by their headstrong, Bishop Dagward He-Mills, the Chief Executive Officer of the Asante Tutu, Othetu, who is speaking about the Godship of God.
He was speaking up on the issue of God’s message to their technical agenda; the question was asking about the consequences of the great kings in the community.
According to these youths, the famous headmist has despised the Almighty and has to do more than good to forgive him.
The General Secretary of the Association, Kwabena Frimpong, declared: “We have turned the bishop of Dag Heward for two hours to denounce all the vestments in Asanteman, and we are proselytizing those who are accustomed to the Asanteman and the District,” he added.
The Chief Executive Officer of Dag Heward Mills has long deposed.
The minister said, “You’re sad that I have put it in my late teens and that some people who are willing to take the initiative to close our seats in Kumasi will be taken away.
“I will anoint me, Mr. Nana Osei Tutu II, on the verge of indignation, with all its challenges, and I'll ask him to take my long termwwpass.”
The National Democratic Congress has rebuked the Chief Justice, Kwasi Aninani-Yeboahin, who has put the General Legal Council before the prosecution of the Justice Doymin Ayine. It is said that this will be against the Dominic Ay Ayine.
Dr Ayine announced that the court’s orders were not used during the discussion, nor did he understand that the contemporary will be replaced.
With these statements, he announced the program on the Centre for Democratic Development (CDD) and KNUST.
The Chief Justice, GLC, gave GLC the right to call the Parliament, and he will reenact the relevant information on the resolutions he had in retaliation.
Referring to the press on Monday, the NDC Secretary-General, Johnson Asiedu Nketia, urged the sole judge to withdraw the banana that he had put on the Bolgatanga East Parliament.
Mr. Asiedu’s General Mosquito asserted that “We have the right to believe in the government’s exercise, but it doesn’t have to be restricted. How many times have you heard a court announcement that I am coming with my ruling but that I am warning you not to mention it?”
According to him, “This is the fact that legislation and government officials are superior to the law of the law. Our laws and our dominant law protects the freedoms of the government, not the use of just one judge, to the point that some people are
Mr Asiedu Nketia also hired the Chief of Justice for being targeted by the NDC alliances, claiming that he would not compromise.
It is not unusual for the Vice President of Justice, Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah, to send out his bananas to reprimand the injunction, and to NDC, why is the leader of the Supreme Judge of the Supreme Court, who is going to punish the NDC for his actions,” he added.
Ghana is second in Abiman as the peace-loving nation of Mauritius in the 2021 Global peace Index announced by the Institute for Economics and peace.
The Global peace Index is the first definition of the hydrocarbons of the 20th and sixty-five countries to determine how the economy of the nation is. This examination is a comprehensive analysis for the peace, economy, and economy that prevails in the community.
A survey of a hundred and sixty countries revealed that Ghana was 1.715, which led to a second time in Ghana.
All over the world, Mauritius, the first in Abiman, bought twenty-nine, and Botswana, who bought three Abimans in Abiman, bought a world of only one quarter of the population of Nigeria, to Togo, Uganda, Kenya, RePublic of oven and Cameroon.
Iɔeland is still the first nation of peace worldwide. It is from 2008. It has been accompanied by New Zealand, Denmark, Portugal, and Slovenia.
Afghanistan is a peace-loving nation (in the past four years), including Yemen, Syria, South Sudan and Iraq. Global peace Index 2021, the Burkina Faso is the lowest state of peace.
Research shows that Sub-Saharan Africa has been the victim of violent crimes in the countries of Africa. Namibia has a six-percent increase in peace.
South Sudan is still a peace-loving country in that area, and when it comes to the world, they are part of the peace-loving world despite having been reproved in peace.
The country in that area where peace is so low is Burkina Faso, and the government has struck every country. The people were killed by a gun in the hands of the revolt and threatened with the revolt.
According to the poll, all people around the world were badly affected. This led to a 16-percent increase in Coronavirus as a result of the destruction of 14,871 facility in the world in 2020.
According to the poll,ovid reduced political and social uncertainties, which will affect the economy of the economy, whether the economy is better or more stable, and the economy will
Despite all of this, three quarters around the world are more responsive today than they were just four years ago. It has changed so much to the extent of the violence, and since 2008, killings in a hundred and twenty-five countries have been reduced to a low level.
The economy also points out that 0.07% of the peace of the 2021 Global peace Index is corrected in spite of its correct appearance, as well as in the past ten years,” he added.
In many cases, “What’s vocabulary occurred during which peace prevailed, there were seven, and seven out of the world, without any changes in the Middle East and North Africa.
Europe is still the most peaceful place in the world. There are eight of the world’s peace-loving countries in this area, and there is no country in the lowest Europe,” he added.
The President, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo, has directed Ghanaians to have the assurance that their lives will be reduced to the institution.
According to him, for the next four years, everything will be smoother in Ghana’s life.
“I was deeply distressed by the four years ahead, in the lives of all Ghanaians,” he added these words to the President and in Nigeria.
Mr. Akufo-Addo and governor of the Imo State in Nigeria, Owelle Rosihas Anayo Oni, on Monday, added: “You are three or four, Ghana’s economy is also convinced that we are in control and that we are working hard to save the roads,” he added.
The President, John Dramani Mahama, on the excavators in Nigeria, will start a conversation with Nigeria, with the President Mupandu Buhari.
President Akufo Addo also assured the Imo State govern governor that the relationship between Ghana and Nigeria will soon be compromised.
“We appreciate the relationship between these two countries, it is vital that this partnership be between citizens and adults. It gives the children h=nya assurance that we are working to solve their problems and that their lives are improved.
Roboin John Dramani Mahama has appointed Joseph Whittal to be a cobra for Commission on Human Rights and Adminum Justice (CHRAJ).
Mr. Whittal was taken between Tuesday afternoon in Flagstaff House and started his assignment.
Mr. Whittal, who has been reaffirmed with hypnotization, was picked up by the President on his penitentiary, Lauretta Vivian Lamptey, as a result of his national debt.
The President has denied Ms. Josephine Nkrumah to the National Commission for Civic Education (NCCE).
Mr. Nkrumah, the Chief Executive Officer, has been denied the move to Mr. Charlotte Osei, who commissioned the President to sit at the threshold of the nation during the Kitawo in the months of the year.
This move, which the government brought the unfortunate, came a week before the NPP Chief, Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo-Addo was pulling the President from the ladder.
The President will be released on the threshold of the seventh day in 2017.
GN Health Insurance companyLtd, one of the Groupe Nduom Seventy Company, has started ambolans in Ghana.
They are being prepared to help those who need immediate medical care and who are in need.
The GN Health Ambulance Service will be a 24-hour loss to ensure that caregivers will receive their medical attention.
The Chief Executive Officer of GN Health, Issah Adam, said, “Bio, our Chief Executive Officer, has also helped Groupe Nduom, Dr Papa Kwesi Nduom, and his deputy Mrs Yvonne Nomom, as well as the director of all the company, to improve their health services.”
To the doctors at the meeting, he added, “with is also the great thing Groupe Nduomom has started. The ambolans operation has been added to therapy to help the staff in the Greater Accra and the Central Region.”
Studies indicate that women who lose their lives to be born or out of the accident are sixty percent more likely to be taken to hospitals. According to experts, they can do the same for which most people lose their lives to enter the truck and take them to the hospital, which GN Health Ambul Service wanted them to do.
“GN Health will make sure we have doctors who are trained and who are sensitive to the problem,” he added.
According to him, Ford ambolans 350 have the right to treat those in need of medical treatment before treating the hospital. Say, too, that it is not just a matter of treating patients that cannot be managed to care for hospital patients until they are hospitalized.”
The Ambolans has whatever measures it needs to be taken to care for a hospital. They have the hygiene to care for a wide variety of hygienes such as rest-places and recycling.
The government said he would take all of those injured in the Latower space on Thursday.
Six persons have lost their lives on such missiles at Trade Fair Centre in Accra and twenty-three wounds.
The notorious officer, Alex Segbefiaa, visited the injuries in the La General, Police and 37 Military hospital, and the residents were defrauded for their efforts.
“On shows that the country will have to deal with all the expenses for those who injured in the mail, so let those in the hospitals be presented to help with all the expenses.”
According to him, “That is known that all day long, those who were dressed should wash their hands, wash their hygienes, and prepare their hygiene, and then you should add to the cost.”
President John Dramani Mahama also urges Ghanaians to pray for those who are injured.
The President of the mineral gave it on Friday Friday, on Friday, for the injuries injuries.
The members of the family and all those who are trapped in the museum are intimidated. We continue to pray for those who are injured.”
Fire has bought an oil station near the Ghana International Trade Fair Centre in Accra to deprive five people of their lives.
Those present indicated that the fire also destroyed the operations that were taking place there.
According to Veroni-Aomson, ambolans was the gunman who came to the site to help the fire decrease.
The Ghana National Fire Service (GNFS) spokesman, Prince Billy-Anaglatey, led the Starr Cemini Amanor on Day, “whit is trying to bring the fire to the ground. Armed Forume Campaign here to do whatever is done for the fire.”
Koomson announced that the fire was not extinguished, and the factory was purchased near the stomach where oil was purchased.
Billy-Anaglatey claims that he cannot claim to have a partnership, and he added that their seiseizure needs to prevent it from escalating into another area.
They do not know what led to the collapse of the fire. The site is dark and dark, and it is as if the fire has destroyed all the lights in the area.
One person has lost his life in the accident at night in the Ekumfi Campus of Ekumfi, in the Central Region.
This free Nigerian manager evaporated the road and moved him into his debt.
It was colored from Mankesim to Nigeria.
Those present reported that this man moved out of his debt to the weeds.
The residents strove to rescue the surviving couple before they were trapped and killed.
The couple are expecting medical care at the heape heast Regional Hospital.
Later, people from Ghana Fire Service arrived to hunt the fire.
The accident, including the incident, had been affected by two accidents in the past two weeks.
Twenty-five people lost their lives in this way by Yutong and Sprinter.
Some kings in the Gathal region have given Gbese Mantse, Nii Ayibonte, a week to heal the water.
The Praetorian king of Gbese is determined by the proclamation given before 2016.
The Niibonte assured the President John Mahama that he would come out of the clutches.
Nii Ayibonte rebuked his colleagues for believing that Mahama would win through the crash by producing a lot of hydrocarbons.
The Accra Heart of the Oak Secretary wasn't ready to pick up the headwater.
Nana Akufo-Addo chanced upon nothing about what would happen when Nana Akufo-Addo got off
Gathers who are pressured to get out of the troubling are also considered unacceptable.
According to the police, two women lost their lives and more than ten-mienus were injured and killed in an accident that occurred at Beenada on the road to Daboya-Busumu in the Upper district.
Fifteen-four people were going to bed and they were driving from Daboya to Sawla.
The Police Commander of West Gona, ASP Seidu Wemeh, claims that the ratio of AS 2304 B.C.E. was trapped in the Daboya area, garbaged the carni, and killed the two people instantly.
The two girls were adults who were between the ages of two and four.
They are unable to see the cause of the accident, and ASP Seidu indicate that the police will investigate whether the driver was drinking.
He added that the injuries were taken to the state headquarters of Tamale, and only one man was taken to Damongo.
Individual accidents in the Daboya-Busunu road are rarely expected to occur.
The residents of the community claim that it isn't right for the first time of the accident in the area this year.
The accident was said to have not been reported to the police.
The Minister of Opoku Prempeh, Dr. Matthew Opoku Prempeh, has declared that the government is almost assigning its services in Ghana to improve their services by means of electricity and quality.
According to him, the majority of people agree that the sun’s energy is vital to developing technology.
According to him, “Oftgy is an electrician that keeps the most important luxuries, and that is what the innovative nations are using in their countries that are helping to increase their economic status.”
Based on International Energy Agency, he stated that the use of gold in the sungy can be difficult to improve the quality of electricity, which can be decreased.
Dr Opoku Prempeh made this statement by his prosecution Minister at Stakeholders Forum on Ghana’s Nuclear Power Programme in Accra.
The category of the relevant Ghana Industries (AGI) and Nuclear Power Ghana (NPG) was under the supervision of the program: “Nuclear Energy Innovations: The Future for a helean Energy and tomais deorbanis of Ghana,” he said.
Dr Opoku Prempeh suggests that the system will reduce air pollution from trucks and burning equipment.
According to the report, the development of electronic devices and the costs for corporate services have been made so high that it is necessary to have a new one that will provide the power of Ghana.”
He claims that if we look at the country’s need for electricity, the amount of energy, the amount of energy, and the solar efficacy of the sun, we will be able to obtain trucks with electricity.
Not only does the radiation of the lower electricity bring but it also enables the country to improve the quality of long-term operations.
According to his statement in 2017, the President of John Agyekum Kufuor heard the silent treatment of Professor Daniel Adzei-Bekoe, who insisted that investigation be made to ensure that the sungy could lighten the entire Ghana?
Ghana was in the early days of lightning.
According to the development of the nation’s electricity, he announced that government residents and all in attendance were in a position to implement the development of the sungy energies.
This is what led to the development of the NPG as the first phase of Ghana’s hydrocarbons.
According to him, the NPG dated the cemetery, Mr. Fred Oware, took their attention to the needs of the policies to improve the efficiency of the sungy in the country.
The Minister added that the removal of lightning can also help to reduce the risk of pollution within the country.
He added, “thefty is helping to improve the quality of life in many ways and is helping to increase even more jobs.”
“Withless, in the business community and in agriculture, the sungy is being used throughout the world, including Ghana,” he added.
After four years of hygiene hydrocarbons, this system has taken its lead.
At first, 28.5 million ships were shipped to the sites; the number was 38.5 in the preceding year; between 70.2 and 2020, claiming that the total number of these events will be used in 2021.
The Ghana Revenue Authority (GRA) says they are talking with the Food and Beverages Associationof Ghana (FABAG) and with the company to pay their bills to pay their bills.
The Buk Press, the Federal company in Ghana, DelaRue, British sikiriti, is passing through the plane to GRA, and the Streamline Resoures in Tema Port is also supporting the explosions that will supple their hands.
The Chief Executive Officer of the GRA, Mr. Kwabena Apau Awuah Anto, said this would help to reduce the number of extortions.
Speaking at the time of the Graphic Communications Group Limited (GCGL), on Tuesday, April, Mr. Anto announced that the GRA is responsible for the four units of the Guiness Ghana Limit and Coca-Cotta Bcompan compan that they do not perform their actual services.
The editor of the Daily Graphic, Mr. Kobby Asmby Asmah, Mr. Franklin Sowa and the editor of Mirror sent a letter, Ms Doreen Hammond Graphic Communications Group Limited (GLLLL), which led the Ato-Airfful toward them.
The team went to see how the aim was to stem the tide and then to join the GRA to see how to improve the quality of this system.
Mr. Anto concluded that the plane would reduce the number of infrastructural swindlings in order to ensure that the auditorium would be acceptable to the Police, as well as to the health of the country.
Furthermore, he added that this arrangement will help economy to improve the quality of the economy and that the company’s commitment to do so has to do with all the time-consuming intervention in the marketplace.
Mr Anto reported that “When we eat here in Tema and in the three districts of the country, we don’t take the interest of those in the interest interest interest,” he added.
Their debts include money to pay for debts and expenses.
According to the dawn of 2018, the government took all the attacks on the applicant and continued on today. That is why Komisa plans to meet the country and claim that they must not cross the lines.
Mr. Anto claims that this meeting will show that GRA will give the nation the whole payment or that they will share the money with the people in the country.
In some countries, in Kenya, the owners pay the licenses or are not allowed to lower the hygienes before they become part of the country.
Ghana’s plan is on the shoulder or on the party.
In countries where this arrangement is also practiced, the members of the corporate teams are attached to their intestines.
Mr. Anto pointed to the problem in the Tema area that they could not pass the mark on time, saying the Tema’s assignment was to the customers who were not always on the beds.
He added that those who are too legitimized do not want to pay any further debts, so they send their heads to the Tema area to keep their marks in place, and that is what makes the auditorium a little longer.
When those lifted their ships do not change, they also keep the narrow tissue waiting.
The Engyinians cleaned the equipment and allowed them to work on the auditorium.
In his comments, Mr Asmah rebuked GRA to allow their plans to be postponed.
According to him, proclamation is vital, and it will also help people to avoid the arrangement.
He introduced GRA and Streamline Resouroures officials to put arrangements to solve the problem.
Because of the fact that they have seen the development of a plan, he announced that GRA will join the GRA and the GRA to help make the arrangements more convenient.
Ale Asmah said, “I believe that G........, with GRA, they are participants in an effort to ensure that the structure of the universe will be understood.”
The Institute of Energy Security (IES) claims that the oil price will be reduced to some degree. IES’ statement indicated that oil will be deposited on the market.
Meanwhile, in 2021 the Oil Marketingompanies (OMU) spent three% of the oil prices (33%), thus bought a petroleum in GH¢5.97. Sesoline was also sold for gasoline and gasoline.
ACCORDING to In Petroleum, Benab Oil, flush Oil, Goodness Oil, Top Oil and Frimps Oil is the most expensive oil in the marketplace.
According to this source, the International Benchmark Brent deposited an auditorium for $73.98 (fourth 4.05%), which was once for $71.10.
Because of the increase in the number of COVID-19 cases in the United States, the increase in oil prices has been increased.
Brent, the first two years, has been viewed as $75. It is because of the fact that we enter the country and also because it has been allowed to travel freely, the rate of oil throughout the world is rising.
It is as if this is the size of the residents and the airplanes.
All the expensive oil prices of the Brent have to contend with obstacles to the development of oil in Europe, Asia, and the Middle East.
The price will be changed during the month of Kitawonsa, beginning at the meeting of the OPE+u, which will take place on the first day of Kitawo. They are going to discuss how the hygiene will go back to the month.
The Standard and Poor’s Global Platforms is said to have increased the amount of oil (the fuel and diseel in other countries in the short term.
The price of the oil rose to 3.47% claiming that the cost of $671.45 was increased to $6994.78.
Similarly, at a cost of $576.8 gallons [ $597.30 ° C ], 3.53% of the price was dropped to $597.
According to IES’s research on the world economy, heedi ($1.00, GH¢597.30) is sold.
South Africa has become part of many countries where the Nigerian country has been accused of avoiding foreigners or amphibians from the country to the country that the COVID-19 Delta epidemic has emerged in the South African country.
Those who traveled to South Africa two days later are not allowed to enter the Nigerian country.
The Executives in South Africa who are planning to visit the Nigerian country have to go for seven days.
This arrangement also lives in Brazil and in the countries of Turkey.
The death of Kaaka Mohammed is tragic and painful.
God is not interested in his soul but also in the strength of his disciples.
Immediately, some people are saying that the government is behind its death and that others are praying that the government will not know anything about its death.
This is also because the investigation must not continue.
The government’s proclamation of the term “fix theountry” does not have to do with the government’s awareness of this death, even if I pay very much attention to how it turns out to be an obsession, anything can happen to a man to transform himself into a woman.
The government met participants to make their hearts go down.
Later, the two parties were compelled to report on the government’s development in the development of the country.
But we have a partnership in the government who is not the same as the protesters who have also been taught that those who are taking the lead are not identifiable.
We also found police officers who tried hard to keep the exhibiters in the streets and investors of COVID-19, but the majority of these police were unable to stop the Sir John’s funeral.
All of this can make it possible for the government to be convicted of this death, even if some people think that he is the truth, and there is no good evidence.
We should also realize that it is unrealistic to assume that political prejudices are also at risk for the indifference of the political unrelenting of the government.
We can also show that no other construction project was behind the death of Kaaka.
We do well to examine the facts and evaluate the facts.
I didn't try to force the two people,” he added.
We have a complaint without using their jobs and training techniques.
The government will continue to occupy the fact that the entire military expenditures have been taken to politics, not to indulgence, but to the institution, including Mobrowa Struggle, where I was the most prominent figure in the unit as the bridge.
We could see how the police and the soldiers were taking us, even if they had to touch us.
Who is the gun in protest?
Who wanted to shoot him? People or “beela”?
Is that how they have to shoot and stop the exhibition?
How was this soldier managed?
Who took him to work? Who was the one who trained him?
This person is the white man in a military uniform.
I am creating a combination of the politics of Ghanaians and other former Abimanses.
What most people do not realize is that Ghana’s growth in politics is said to be the opposite of my statements.
As part of the government, some of those who are taking the lead in the exhibition are in stark contrast with politics.
Do you snuff out gaas in the interest of Ghanaians in the exhibition?
Were we not satisfied with water and plastic bults?
Government will want to disclose the security officers to the institutions to ensure that the institutions will see how to handle them. The government will also want to send them back to school and train them to communicate with the people that I am not going to compromise, and they will not go to the point that we are going to go back to the auditorium
This gives people the value of teaching.
The President himself sets his foot on this issue, and he allows people to experience the full assurance and peace of mind that will end.
The staff, however, are unsure of the security company.
Because of the urgency of the Asomdnes, it is as if they are not in a position to correct the situation. For this reason, the President must take his own steps in the right direction.
Fifteen-year-old Thomas Amoani, who graduated from the School of Adeiso Presbyterian Senior High School, who obtained a so-called quest at Ghana’s Chief Executive Office, has denied the government of Nana Addo Dankwa Akufo Addo.
The Chairper Chairmang, Mr. Kingsley Agyemang, has announced that Thomas Amoani, who obtained eight persons from West Africa’s Hoondary School Certificate Examination, had been allowed to study on the ratio of Brun University in London.
Fifteen-year-old man from Asuaba near Adeiso will learn Economics and Business Financials at the university.
His reassurance struck the whole country as a result of discussions with the media, Thomas Amoani declared that at times a round-trip-trip walker was in his schools.
The President Akufo-Addo heard this and ordered him to go tolahyip.
Meanwhile, the President of the Commission stated that the President had done so well for Thomas would encourage the others to learn this skill despite their sweating.
Mr. Agyemang said “I know that there are many people who live in Thomas and I are promising that there is a so-called solution to help them. Thomas’s words encourage the residents. I will see the President Akufo-Addo’s success as he did.
At the end of the university, Thomas Amoani, excited to announce his country of Ghana’s disadvantage and to strengthen Ghana.
He added, “I never think that the President will use the ubiquitous, so that the chances will be opened to them, and I thank them for the faith they have in me. I never let my country, Ghana,” he added.
The Brunel University London is a Uxbridge High Commission in London, England. It was adopted in 2966 to the University of Isambard Kingdom Brunel, across the world that the continent was reduced to 9th May, 2021, as part of Britain’s approximately 1,999
There is no error in the eyes of the Chief Justice, Justice Kwasi Anin Yeboah, will put bananas on Dr. Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, who is also Bolgatanga East Parliament in Legal Council (GLC).
The Chapter of Zebilla’s Parliament, John Ndebugre, claims that the National Democratic Congress (NDC) and the applicants of the prosecution should be addressed by Dr Ayine ba Genral Legal Council (GLLust).
“I believe that the Chief Executive Officer was the institution, since Dr Ayine’s response to the prosecution was not intimidated by the fact that the prosecution inflict on the part of the administration was delayed,” he added.
By quoting articles from Dr Dominic Akuritinga Ayine, Dr Dominic Ayine said the discussion about Presidential Aion Petition and its election on the Abibiman dictators, the Chief Justice, de Dr Dominic Akuritinga Ayine Akuritinga Ay, to the GLOOOB.
Dr. Ayine is dispatched on her way to pull the government’s office, and why is it that the total number of elections in the country took place at the end of the 2020 President Presidential elections.
According to the Perfecttihyin, Dr. Ayine’s in-depth discussion on the part of the discussion was that the court did not use the judicial system and that the chanced uponation was being put to use.
“Dr Ayine made a statement about the court’s seminaries sometime after the incident involving the election, which led to the court’s courtship, which took place to the auditorium, Dr. Ayine, after which she was taken to the court’s truck to the end of the mining sector, and it was held in front of the Nadi,” it was
Dr. Ayine’s decision to the court officials who took the initiative in courtship was that his statement did not discriminate them.
He stressed that he did not preach in a bad way.
“As I mentioned in my reply, it is my duty to support the government administration in its operation. Through my training and learning, I can show my concern about the implications of the government sector,” he added.
He also added that his words were in the same way.
On Monday, when the National Democratic Congress (NDC and the press briefing of the Accra Reactive Regional Police Commission, it was put on the head of the Chief Justice to pull the banana into Dr. Ayine.
Mr. Ndebugre claims that he is not in agreement with the Minister of Justice, who is addressing the Dr Ayine’s right to the decision, Dr Ayine said that he did not go to the office of one of the judges or the chief of the ruling class and that he was speaking to all the administration of the administration of the administration of the government, and he
He and Citi FM in Accra on Tuesday, on Tuesday, 25th May, 2021, Mr. Ndebugre said, “I believe there is nothing wrong with being the most sensitive judge to
Referring to 1996, the nation launched a banana on Mensah Bonsu, Stephen Quao and Tommy Thompson, claiming that the Mensah Bonsu had criticized the government of Justice, and the Chief of Government truck stood up to four of the government’s order orders.
The Chief Justice does not automatically rule out the application of bananas.
“We think there's nothing wrong with the sole judge who will have the right to hit him with the banana.”
Next, Dominic Ayine was the deputy government truck, and at the time she and her panel were taking to court.. So if the manager was asked to take a stand before the law, someone might say that the man was directing his opinions?
No. you should go to court and say you don’t have any counsel on the charges you have been given.
Similarly, the Chief Executive Officer of Justice also shows that his statement has violated the law of the government.
Mr. Ndebugre added, “You’re going to go. It has to do with what NDC and Dr Ayine herself are saying in the Region,” he added.
He claims that here, it’s likely that you are preaching in court and that you are quoting from the government’s office assertions or the judgments you preach, and they can refute a matter from that point of view.
If you blame the court, you might say, “fortunately, you say that Dr Ayine has the power to direct her against the law, I will disagree with you.”
The entire issue is that you should approach the Ministry’s Chief Excellence and say that you are expressing your opinion, but that you say that the Chief Justice in the government’s order is not entitled to invoke, and they are not convinced that the government’s rule is in accordance with its implements. It has to do with the Ghanaian administration,” he said.
They asked that the Chief Executive Officer of GL, who was the head of the Regional Region, was going to bring Dr Ayine on its own to court, and Mr. Ndebugre answered that “thes are implying that those in the Region are being adaptable and that you are sensible,” he added.
To illustrate, he introduced people to the penal offence, saying “When the people who were taken there, they were not taught their opinions? If you say that the legislator was not supportive, they dragged you to the front line. Why are they in the wrong place?
I don't think the most judge did or not do.”
What I am saying is that the Chief Justice has put in charge of the banana, and I know the Chief Justice and the man in charge of the prosecution, since his preaching is against the government administration and its application.
The prosecution doesn't mean that you are respected. There you go and teach the information you are using to the presses and to preach.
“I will be there when the foundations are not well-founded, and then asisei’s response is not important. I will advise Ayine to try to go to the court and talk to them, and it will help them not to go and convince the judge to be true.”
In the aftermath of the prosecution, the National peace Council (NPC) made plans to help unitization in the country.
The Kansere claims that the party’s ideologies can intensify the intensity of the country and that it has to be controlled.
COMPASSION shows that communication will prevail between the parties and the public at Adas in the state of Greater Accra.
The CommonwealthSecretariat and the United Nations Development Programme (UNDP) were responsible for the project “Countering Security 2020 election violen and the buildingsensus for the Police in Ghana.
The aim of the event is for the public to be quick to promote unity, to promote the peace of the political parties, and to promote the peace and stability of the nation.
They attended the program and Commonwealth Secretary-General, Rt. Hon. Patricia Ssiotland; UNDP representative, Dr Angela Lusigi; the Minister of Communication, Mr. Kojo Oppong; the capital, Mr. Ambro Dery and Ministera, AlbertD.
These were the deputy prosecutors, Dr Eric Bossman Asare; the Chief Executive Police Minister, the National Democratic Congress, New PatrioticParty, assistant People’s Party management, bishops, chiefs and members of the country.
Mr. Dery said regardless of his policies on the prosecution, there were cases in which some people lost their lives, and other property damaged.
According to him, over two thirds of the incidents of violence killed the lives of their five childbirths in the country.
Mr. Dery said the government is investigating the problem and will punish those in attendance.
Mr Kan-Dapaah also announced that the development of the nation would depend on political parties.
Rt Hon Sgyeotland created Ghanaians with a peaceful approach in the country. It impressed the Commonwealth family.
According to him, Ghana has taken the lead in Ghana’s democracy, claiming that “we should be the burden that is in the city,” he added. We have greater assurances in Ghana.
He also announced that the women and the teenagers were involved in the law of the country.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Commission, Rev. Dr. Ernest Adu-Gyamfi, announced that this activity would bring between the political parties and the public sector.
According to him, this discussion will help to solve all the problems that have taken place after 202.
Mr. Godwin Amarh is the headmistress of Transeco Mineral and Mining, Mr. Godwin Amarh has built a six-day classroom in the Central Region, in the Atiwa West District of the A
He created GH ¢95,000 at these school buildings, adding to the development of the environment.
In the opening of the room, Mr Amarh indicated that children in the primary school need to have a good education and that it helps them to have a solid foundation.
According to him, it is imperative that all educational programs are based on literacy classes, so it is vital that the versatility also provide needed needed education.
“We are how we work in Transeco Mining and Minerals compa we think we will help to improve the quality of our academic education in all places. That is why the company is eager to help keep the quality of education in all places.”
“I am glad that I am coming to the end of this school, that we all know that education is important to people and the nation. To make students who have a medical education, they must have a solid foundation, and that is why we have this school.”
Mr Amarh added that the classroom is a thank-you presentation for the chiefs and the clients of the company who have had good contact with the company from the company’s company to their community.
Mr Amarh declared it wasn't wrong for the government to inflict on maen in the country.
He claims that the government will not deposit it, and it will not destroy it.
Mr Amarh said, “Aban is not arbitrary but a list of locations close to water and forests where no one is willing to take over any other task,” he added.
He admonished the maenager to go to the maen but not to the place where they were assigned.
Mr Amarh, also the Secretary of the Commallof Saniale Miners (GNASM), told the members that they should help the community to improve.
According to him, the applicants of the maen have not changed their claims of destroying different communities without getting anything out of the community.
According to him, some of the maens are trying to do the same.
He advised, “What is a lot of people in our neighborhoods where our work is done. I know that the majority of the people who have built schools have been built to help with the electricity of the environment, and we need to rehabilitate the information in the interest of the others.”
The Reaffair Foundation and Abdul Samad Rabiu Africa Initiative (ASR Africa) have signed an auditorium of $500,000.
This amount will come from ASR Africa in the year and will be completed for the African Fund for SocialDevelopment and Renewal, a hundred million more will come to support the Rebeat Foundation Education Education.
Referring to the meeting, the ASR African manager, Mr. Ubon Udoh, accused the party of volunteering for women and for young people.
The party was also introduced to the functions of democracy that have helped the corporate team to expand education, intensity, and industriality.
“We have done our research that the Reaffair Foundation was a kind gesture in Ghana and encouraged ASR Africa to help them.”
The Director of the Regional Foundation, Mrs Region, will send the Akufo-Addo to thank ASR Africa for their support.
He promised that the company would use the money to help the children improve their education in the country.
According to the UK government, “which is unaware of the leadership of the large population in Nigeria or of the Igbo people in the area where the Igbo people are in demand and their promiscuity to Nigeria.
The President of the truck claims that Interpol bedside Kanu, British and Nigerian Kwasia, brought him to Nigeria.
The tirisin banana was also played in Nigeria in 2017 and moved from the country after he was given a beele.
They think they were trapped in their UK, where they believed they heard.
British Haekɔmisa Speaker announced before B.C.E. “I can
He went to the court on Tuesday; he was in Nigeria’s police department.
It will be returned on the Fifteenth day of Kitawonsa.
Nnamdi Kanu took his name in 2009 when he ordered the Radio Biafran in London to come to Nigeria. As a result of the intervention of the Biafrans, he added the opportunity to those who follow him to induce their Nigerian country.
Over the years, he heard the Indigenous People of Biafra (Israelite revolt against the Nigerian government.
The first day of 2015, it resulted in a lot of demonstrations.
I was impressed to see that repair work was being done during the passing year of Independence Square.
The President dawned John Jerry Rawlings for the construction of the rehabilitation
The Institute of Directors-Ghana (IoD-Gh) has initiated the Bank of Ghana (BoG) in an orderly and efficient way of economy.
They have been asked to have a special relationship with the Bank of Ghana that will help to improve the security of the company.
When they visited the BoG President, the President of IoD-Gh, Mr. Rosikson Kwesi Dogbegah, overthrown the Bank of Ghana, Dr Ernest Addison, has been promoted by his political administration to overthrow the economy.
Dr Addison’s anonymous BoG has helped improve the quality of banks in the country.
According to the statement by the company’s officers, they went to BoG because they were being elected on the road to democracy in Ghana and wanted to stand firm with the BoG.
Commenting on the development of the IoD-Gh system, Mr. Dogbegah claims that IoD-Gh is taking steps to ensure that the administration will flourish in the country.
He claims that the administration of the nation was also one of the measures that are being implanted in the roads.
He indicated that each year, the respective members of the business community and the agencies will be added to the development of the country.
He added that the company and the companies have joined them in shackling the Ghana Agencyof Integr Thinking and Reporting for the benefit of the corporation.
The Panin, who is part of the BoG, announced that the governance system is the leading figure in the economy.
He claims that the laws governing their sector, the attitude of the employees, and the like are all the factors that do not help banks to improve their quality.
He added that Ghanaians are supportive of the democracy and that BoG will also enable the corporate team to improve its operations and that banks invest their economy on the economy.
As for the next year, Arteta has to put forth great effort.
As mentioned earlier, Arsenal decided to disprove Arteta and his clients often accompanied him to change the year before.
No one can say that what Arsenal did in the same way, he also played a team to bring the sector into the sector.
Many people are asking, Could Arteta be able to do the work or that the player with her asked if she could do the job?
Arteta and Pep Guardiola took advantage of being known for its efficiency at the age of nine.
Nso Arsenal is trying to do as much as seven months as it is. Many are saying the sector is lowering the age of Unai Emery to the extent that Arteta inherited from the European League.
Arteta was the general general of Arsenal and the accused of apprehending the team of legislator, who was expecting them to be rescued but has been cut off as hehelsea and Tottenham were,” he added.
The Super League came to be for a long time.
Instead, I can say that the Kroenke family has nowhere to go.
It is not because Arteta is designed to create a bundle of flour and may even come into his tActes in the year before. That is not the case in the case of training in Arsenallo chairs.
De Gea doesn't agree that she will be the youngest.
Manchester United goipa, David De Gea’s grandson, is expecting him to continue his career in a newly formed society, no matter whether David De Gea has a necklace in the company’s census to 2023.
The fact that I am hearing from Old Trafford is that regardless of the fact that De Gea and the apples, Dean Henderson’s first companionship, De Geah is not willing to stay with him or her at the same time.
I have come to realize that Atletius Madrid, Paris Saint Germain and Real Madrid are liked.
Thirty-five-year-old David De Gea became diagnosed in his lucrative business, although some of the people at the club club have lost their stomach for two years.
“The good people have become borders,” said the Mani Solskaer.
They dress, each one at his own moments of coalition and also have a good relationship with the legislator.
As a result of special friendships, the hardworking people are active in heaven.
They gather one another to improve the quality of their labors.”
I believe that the goat is correct, but if De Gea doesn't become No 1, I’ll have been picked up from Old Trafford.
I will return to West Brom.
West Bromwih Albion has returned to the Premier League exactly the year they entered the league.
If the Championship is to be returned to the Premier League, manihon Sam Allardygie will be able to reconsider the strike.
It is not his history that he has struck a sector that, it is sad to see that this disgrace has come upon him. West Brom’s officers want to live, and they have a job.
Ainsley Maitland-Niles, aonor Gallagher and Okay Yokuslu, will return to their temm West Brom-Nrom, since they are ready to go. Matheus Pereira, heal Gallagher and Okay Yokuslu, Hrob-Kanu, Karl Granta, to trying to go.
Manchester is the most receptive person in Manchester.
Who knows how much ammirika moves from the Manchester City team?
No, not Raheem Sterling.
The Maniani Pep Guardiola deposited some tax collectors on the ground and put them on the ground for ten days.
They have the so-called amphitheaters, and Gabriel crossesus showed that no one is missing.
Havertz can do the same.
Thomas Tusihel is embarking on Kai Havertz in his second residence against Fulham.
Tuhel admits that Kai, from Bayern Leverkusen, came to Stamford Bridge, the leadership of the builder.
You are entering into a new country and there are also many roadblocks to make it difficult for him. He also set up COVID-19 that
Champions League fienal and soccer games are believed to be the basis of our discovery and insecurity.
Solsketaer is helping to make the United States a better one.
The Manchester United Registrar and their team were accused of attempting to force their faces into a string of new faith, unity, and assurance that they can work hard.
The person doing this is talking with Ole Gunner Solskaer and with some of the coworkers in the United States, all the time has come to bring the ceremonies up to ten months in the category.
Solsketaer helped bring the Bruno Fernandes and Namesonavani into the lucrative sector and their innovations are well-pleased.
Heavani has announced that he will stay with the team for a year and that his faith in Solskaer in order to stay in the lucrative unit.
Paul Pogba is now happily involved in his relationship with the maternal partner.
When you are competing with the United States, they move and often win.
For example, Ed Woodward, the Chief Executive Chairman, was allowed Solskaer to sit and play the soccer to change the equipment and improve the equipment.
Since Manchester United is engaged in the production of pockets, Solskaer has become the most important person in the champion. All those who were in charge, including staff, believe that this is a soccer unit.
Tyl-teel went out of battle
Kane wants to go.
I couldn't see the external organisms when they were competing with the Leeds United for the last week.
Harry Kane moves even better than all the players who compete with him; he directs the coffee in the stadium how their assignments will be recruited.
They are competing with Leeds, and he is silent and I have never seen anything like it.
I'm convinced that this is what Harry wants to come out of the Spurs soccer team and is looking for a solution.
Wolves is eager to find straeka.
Nuno Espirito Santos has found it necessary to get a straeka soccer.
Pedro Neto, the legislator and Reben Neves, who have been in the company and who have lived a lot of lives for the locusts, thus implying that their presence is not going well.
Fabio Silva and Raul Jimenez are also backed up by injury, since the month of Obubuo, it has not been able to competez.
Wolves’s last year has been cut short.
Wolves’s nationalgem has assured Nuno that he will be given money to pay for a person who knows how to live on.
The hydrocarbon month is the end of the tenth month, and it can see if he is able to compete in the final two competitions.
She has also spent about two months playing soccer with her head and not expecting to play with her competitive partners.
Sir Alex has rejoined McTominay.
It is important to listen to a big person, such as Sir Alex Ferguson about Manchester United.
She has been interested in ScTominay and shows that she has to compete for the United States every day.
Sir Alex said, “Scott McTominay has become a leading lust in the United States.
“When you look at the names of those who are played by the United Nations, McTominay is in them.
The trene also works well when it comes to behavior.
I brought him to the club when he was seven or eight years old.
He was a straeka
What is the greatest apprehension that
Three different types of worms have been inflamed.
For example, the Manchester United has had a year’s legions at the Premier League match between them and their home.
Without success in their competitive match, Sheffield United will be the first team in 19041, without success in two competitions.
Dr Madzorera added that the intensity of the infectious disease has to be increased, and it is not permitted for people to talk to them about the disease in spite of its local circumstances.
They also claim that they are not better than waiting for the illness to be treated before they go to the hospital.
Theaps United States High Commissioner, Levis Uriri, has declared the problem in the soccer sector and all the recruiters who had heard the excavators have returned to their contest in the sole Premier League.
In an interview with Studio 7, he announced that the supervisors had been paid for the expeditions.
He added that the previous month’s wages are shortly to be paid, and he also indicated that some unfamiliars were deceiving the prosecutor to compete.
According to U.S., it was because the soccer community had not received their payments because it was hard for everyone in the country and the government had not even brought them money.
Those who struggle to change the subject of analysis have to change the law of the mahyin and adhere to today " s life-style, as well as the protection of girls and girls.
According to the Sayendisa Ndlovu of the Ndhat, the majority of the people in the country are unaware of the law, and the government is obliged to make it known to the universe.
Ndlove declared Studio 7 that it is necessary to change the law of the pollin, which was written long ago.
Ndlove claims that psychiatric disorder, HIV/AIDS, was the cause of malnutrition.
Ndlovu explained that the law prohibits the right of the hospital in all hospitals and that the law permits the use of a ratio or physician to develop a heyin.
Ms. Tendaishamire, who has also been accustomed to the development of policies in the Right Here Right Right Now, has to be recycling to the extent that the edict must be replaced by the law.
Ms a hundredngamire investigations indicate that most women lose their lives because of mahyin.
While most young people want to change the law of the margins, some officers are also unwilling
Parliament stipulated the hyin law in 1977 before the country’s right to freedom.
The Agencies who are taking the lead in MDC-T , led by Nelson a hundredfold head of the Nelson, have recruited members of the decision to come to the citizenry in Harere at Morgan Tsyangirai.
This happened to some of the members of the company who were led by Ms Thokozani Khupepe, which was five more cases.
The court order ordered Ms Khupe to rule out that Morgan Tsyangirai (four years after his death) was trapped.
The police are the last of two hundred deputies, Tendai Biti and Lynett Karenyi Core. David limping, Lovemore shining, Gladys Hywayo, and others.
The participants were said to be on their way to the party’s arrest and arrest by the police.
Because of the fact that the police spokesman, Paul Nyathi, were known for their lack of accommodations, 7 Studio has not yet been recruited by the Police Commission, as well as by the
A hundred dialects, Fadzai Mahere, said they were picked up.
The court stated that this year, a hundred democracy and Khupepe are not legally incompatible but are in violation of the laws by Ms Khupe, which will unleash the impact of the development of the ND.
The Ms Khupe made the statement, and Ms Khupe said the legislature is the reason that the members are not active in the party
Those released from legislation and Thabitha Khumalo, Prosper Mutseyami, Lilian Timveous and a hundredlton Hwende.
According to some Zimbabwens, Robert Mugabe’s government was compelled to leave the country, and it is said he was getting strong and breaking the nation.
According to the National Director of the Bergen University in Norway, Zimbabwe is part of the Yibuya Constitution, Dr Visitorhuhutu, that Mr. Mugabe has played a leading role in Abiman’s history but one family in Zimbabwe that nobody knows it.
Drhimhutu shows that Mugabe’s companionship with a group of Abimans is so close that one of these Abimans officials respected Mugabe.
Mugabe is said to be remembered by her repulsiveness and her view of the Patience, as well as how she was affecting the population of some countries , such as the United States and Britain.
The members of the Mugabe Zanu’s party are called upon to criticize those who are not part of the government.
Mr Mugabe will be put in bed for Kwasia, although she has not been relocated.
The authorities and doctors who are working in the government’s hospital have rebuked the government for the end of the month when the state has not repaid them, they will be placed in the next month for the next month.
The head of the Board of Zimbabwe, Fortune Nyamande, who claims that the Board of Zimbabwe also serves as the headlines for the government’s wishes.
Dr Nyamande said it has written the government’s licenses on the beginning of the first day of the year.
They say they are dealing with the police in the government’s hospital that they are heading for a truck’s expenditure, since their wages are the debts that the government promises to give them.
Dr Nyamande also rebuked the government for using a practitioner to cover a deadline.
The governor of the economy, Patrick Chinamasa, said the government couldn't retaliate in terms of the lack of money in this year.
Dr Nyamande says, “Once on Chinesemasa, we picked up the papers and picked them up and picked up the roads that have been paid, so we would do the same.”
The Koogians, who were supposed to have their payments on Monday, have been repatriated on Tuesday. But those who perform government services, including doctors and others, will pay their debts for the past year.
But many government employees who were conversing with Studio 7 believed that they would get their wages at the appointed time.
We can negotiate with officials, David Pari, on the verge of the intelligence, Prissiah Mupfumira, without a discussion of how to handle the strike.
“When the government’s nominees have confiscated the police for harassment.
The Zimbabwen prosecution attorneys in Allen Wilson, Harare, has been picked up by seven men who are being picked up and the most common people are Ministers, and neither are students who attend school in Allen Wilson and are being treated free.
Other victims are Makomborero Haruzivishe, the former leader of the ZINASU, who comes to this day and his partner , Allan Moyo.
We have been unable to speak with the police spokesman Asmissioner Paul Nyathi because he did not speak with us in the past.
According to the Lya Innoent Gonese, MDDD, Haruzivishe and Moyo will go out on Mondays to think of the court’s decision.
The United Nations World Health Organization (WHO has shown that Corona virus newuawuo, whose two hundred and twenty people have died in the quarter, have become a global burden.
Within two days, Corona is reported to have been contracted in 2000, and 9800 people around the world have been infected with amnhanhan and legs.
WHO’s leader, Dr. Tedros Adhanom Ghebrevesus, was convinced that he would do all he could to solve the problem, fear that the disease will spread to other countries.
The Chief Executives, Dr. Obadiah Moyo claims Zimbabwe has been using more than two hundred species of people from different parts of the world to determine whether they are in Corona or not.
People investigating Zimbabwe are in their room for two weeks.
The Chief Executive Minister, Dr Henry Madzorera said Zimababwe needed a lot of money to solve the problem.
The President, Robert Mugabe, will be taken to the end of Harare Wednesday, and will be held on the day of his funeral.
The Minister, Ms Moni Mutsvangwa, made the statement after the meeting was over.
Mr Mutsvangwa announced that the government is preparing for Mr Mugabe for the funeral.
They were asked how they would think before the Mugabe funeral, Mutsvangwa and the foreign Minister Sibusi Moyo said “I’m right to say the time when his family was still in Singapore.”
The government, as well as the President Mugabe’s family, is treating alcoholism.
The king, Katizagombo spokesman, Gibsoni, insisted that there were no collections in the Mugabe area as the government of Emmerson Mnangagwa.
The Maor General Trust Mugoba from the last week will be buried in the Heroes Acre burial ground in Harare.
In other cases, the government claims that a hundred and eight Zimababwe people are affected in South Africa by the ravages of violence, and two Zimbabweans have lost their lives.
Moyo announced that the government is taking steps to bring the victims home.
The government also claims that the health professionals, such as a hundred doctors, have been expelled for sixty-nine of their crimes. Today the kabet has decided to meet the government’s economy and economy to ensure that professionals are being paid accordingly.
The Chief Executive, Dr Obadiah Moyo, said he would sit down with the economy to ensure that the auditorium will be audited.
The doctors put their equipment on the floor for the week they passed, as well as their wages.
The Ashanti Regional Association of Itai Dzamara, who was a war-torn of war and also of Otroupy Africa Unity Square’s leadership, Itai Dzamara Trust, reminds the International Women’s Days day.
The event took place in Highfield and the women who attended the program were given the utensils and so on.
The spokesman for the Dzamara family, also a member of Itai Dzamara Trust, Mr. Partson Dzamara denied Studio 7 to see her expressing love for the month; the five years her brother lost during that month.
According to him, his brother took part in political, social services, proselytizing, and putting himself in love; and Itai Dzamara Trust to his fine works.
He teaches his company to the Highfields, since Itai was born there, and they go to various places to help women and non-Witnesses in law, music, and government.
One of the delegates was Remeberane Zuze, who announced that despite their seeing Mr. Dzamara, he was excited about the party’s activities.
A young woman named Studio said that she has learned a lot in today " s program.
Partson Dzamara indicated that a monument would be made to commemorate the next day of Glen View Tuesday in Harare.
According to him, the one who does not know where or even understands his brother is.
According to him, those who worked with Itai Dzamara were like police officers, the critics, the Zimbabwe Human Rights Commission and the apprentices.
In South Africa, however, the Zimbabwean immigrants have no choice but to compensate for the injustices of South Africa.
Some Zimbabweans say South Africa has no intention of treating members of the United Nations with respect to immigrants.
The Chief Executive Officer of Zimbabwe, Migrant Support Network, Shelton ohiyangwa, declared Studio 7 that despite their concern, immigrants in South Africa are enslaved.
Hehiyangwa said Zimbabweans in South Africa are also being harassed.
He added that his company and the Zimbabweans and other countries are willing to obtain papers for them.
The Zimbabwe Exemption Permits Officer, Gladys Mangwende, announced that his company is dissatisfied with the efforts of immigrants but he is also agitated by the private sector.
The Chief Executive Officer of Human Rights Waboah in North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga says it is important in South Africa to emigrate the Zimbabwean immigrants in the country.
Mr. Mavhinga continued that the South African government has not violated the law and compulsory transportation.
Zimbabwean, George Manyika also supported Mavhinga’s case.
Gabriel Shumba of Zimbabwe Exiles Forum has rebuked the United Nations, AU and SAD to pay attention to the development of South Africa, as well as to the Zimbabwean population.
Lions took the interest of the South African statesman, Aaron Motseledi, to deposit their emigrants so that they could obtain their papers.
He pleaded with the members of the Region to associate with his company and to move to the customer to do so.
The immigrant, Francis Mukono said, did not see the value of moving around around in South Africa.
Another immigrant, Steven Chiweshe, said he did not realize that someone was being poisoned with a knife.
Mandela Madumise, South Africa’s Chief Executive Officer, claims that he has rebuked the efforts of the United Nations Rights Council to help them face the challenges facing the situation.
Madumise claims that the end of the month’s month’s census will be understood to ensure that the problem is solved.
It is said that nearly three thousand Zimbabwens have come from South Africa claiming that the government is trampled on their freedom.
But the government of Zimbabwe claims that some people have moved to other countries to find a better job.
There are those who work in the hospital where the nurses and nurses have been deposing their mining sites for about three days in which they claim their wages are paid and that they are doing nothing in the way.
What is happening among hospitals is raging. The patients are being taken back home after they have not received medical attention.
The economy is going to be reduced to the extent that the Senior Health Doctor Health Dossso insists that there should be any solution to the demands of physicians and wages, and it will also be taken to the unit, Dr. Aaron Musara put the Stuo 7 in front of Stuo for the hospital.
Dr Musara said even though he had written a letter to the government’s offices and had reported that he was going to take the initiative to get the facts, he did not find any answers.
The residents of the public hospital also go to work, claiming that the government paid the Americans what they owed to Ahinime in 2018 and that when they go to work, he will not allow them to lose their stocks to protect their equipment.
The leader of Enok Dongo, Zimbabwe Hospital Doctorsion, says they have had a hard conversation with government and government.
Zimbabwe’s Hospital Doctors team of JusticeZHDA, Dr Tapiwa Mungofa, also claims that the government does not allow the doctors to go to the hospital, and the patients are not nursing.
Mr. Mungofa reported that when the nurses left their mining sites, most of their employees stayed at home to protect themselves from COVID-19.
Studio 7 was unable to locate the government’s ability to solve this problem because the Minister of Politics, professor Amon Murwira, was unable to communicate with the government.
In the following week, Mr Murwira announced that she was having a conversation with one of the booths. Assistant John Mangwiro put Studio 7 ahead of work, they should not speak to them.
A headmaster for Health Services Board, Dr Paulinus Sikosana, also claims that they were holding a meeting with the COVID-19 census, so they couldn’t get in touch with us.
Authorities also claim that the government has to take action to ensure that its members are being defrauded to the services of allegiance and that alleged supporters of childbearing in the face of a country during the tribulation of the COVID-19, which has led to the loss of the twentieth century.
The explosion CityCouncil claims that they are ready to go to the court and announce on Monday that the damaged structures in their home area are not constructed.
The formersere Secretary, Abel Gotora, and the jurisdiction officers who were in a hurry tour of their buildings, added the court ordered that the former registration should build some of the buildings that have been broken.
But Mr. Gotora insisted that the former demolished houses would not be built but would build the hamper and order them to build up the six who were taken to court.
Tafadwa Marimo, Emmanuel Ngwaru, Richard Svosve, Pepukayi Marega and Devis Shopo were among those who took the initiative to court.
One of these six, Emmanuel Gwaru, announced that he was impressed by the court’s judgment that the government had told the former settlements in their area and did not tell them to respect buildings.
Mr. Gwaru, one of the most concerned about eating is that he pays cash to the museum. Gadzema Kansela Patriciahibaya, he was pleased to the court’s decision that it was difficult to keep the residents in the community and demand that the rest of the buildings be held.
Mr. Gotora announced that the former census would be a new one for the fifty customers in the Gadzema song.
Speakers for Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Kumbirai Mafunda, say recently terafik is coming to their office to deliver their message.
Many Kansere in the country are breaking down the illegal buildings.
Instead, the participants around the world are approaching the auditorium.
On Tuesday, on Tuesday, before the non-Witness Committee, Morgan Tsvangirai has lost his life, the majority are asking whether Richard Morgan Tsvangirai or Harvest belongs to him.
The court said Mr. Thokozani Khupe MDC-T is not in front of MDC until it has taken three months.
It has been a very difficult time for the party to come to terms with the Ian Makone and Reverend Tim Neil (andand heath of the Church of the Province of Central Africa or the end of it.
IMAGINE Alliance Secretary-General, Charlton Hwende, believed that these two people are the only ones who can go there.
Douglas Mwonzora, who claims to be the party Secretary of the party, in 2014, also indicates that the party is in the hands of Makone and Neil.
They are convinced that they are not allowed to work freely. We can also listen to Mr. Makone and Mr. Neil.
The Chief Executive Officer,ob Sikhala, claims to have come to St Marys in the ohitungwiza area where the supporters of the party are becoming engrossed in their homes
Sikhala, Zengeza West Parliament, claims that the Police Commander, is looking for political supporters.
We also tried to converse with Mr.abangwe and did not want to answer the questions.
Studio 7 was unable to converse with police officers, Assistant Commissioner Paul Nyathi, to find out why the policeman wanted to be
Rather, it has been a headline that they want to discontinue the proposed action in all parts of the world.
The Sikhala crashed in the last month with the complaint that she wanted to discontinue the government of Emmerson Mnangagwa in the face of Studio 7 that most people are trapped in their homes because they fear that they will be traced.
More than 80 persons are being confined in Harare Friday, which I have done on that day.
I would like to be exhibited in the town of the country but the police are using the Public Order and the Senniurity Actno to avoid the party in the protest system.
The police have challenged the MD to intensify the exhibition in Harare, Bulawayo, Gweru and Masvingo.
Political analysts claim that this too can happen on Mutaresday, where MD has been planned to play on Tuesday.
Haennto's compliance with Parliament of the government’s economy and moves the Minister of Thokoyambi Ziyambi and Ziyambi, Mthuli Nation, to the headline of MDC-T with the Thokozani Vipeweti.
The Haennto Justice, Priscilla Munangati Manongwa, said on Thursday, the Ziyambi and the Nube are hanging and cannot stand in MDC-T four, since it is claimed that the Constitution of the Constitution is allowed to govern the Police.
R7,500M would be found in RTGS.
According to experts, Nelson a hundred cents went to the court’s Khupe, and they wrote letters to the bank that supporters were being dispatched to pay the fees from the political party in the Steward Bank.
Luke Tamborinyoka, a deputy member of the MDC-TT, expressed his interest in the judgment.
Morgen Komi, who claims to be the leader of the party, announced that he would take steps to ensure that he is the leader of the party (or, for that reason, by court to assert that the party does not uphold the law of the governing body by the governing body.
According to Mr. Tamborinyoka, a hundred times the money can be obtained because the Accra Parliament took its name and went to legislation.
But Komihi said the rules must be governed by hundreds of others.
However, a Harare lawyer, Kudazi Kadzere, said it could be relied on the court’s decision within ten days.
Ziyambi told the studio 7 in the laboratory that it could be relied on in the case of the courts within ten days.
We can also deal with the unfortunate law-enforcement agent and the registration officer in charge of the economy as a judicial decision.
Some lawyers also show that they did not indulge their arguments that they did not agree with the case, the court would give the money to MD.
6.Wei is not the first day of the MDs fighting this money.
In 2006, the ND Office Officer’s Secretary-General Welshman N.ube took a stand against Tsuangirai in Ahinime, who heard his own COMMM and went on to pay off all the money from the Federation, Mr. Ysvangirais, who was unsuccessful of the
Zimbabwean, Dr Rita Nyampinya, a Female Prisoners Suport Trust, who has since fought for women, said he is glad that he obtained the 2020 International Women of the Far East.
The proclamation reminds the women of the world’s good works and is provided by the United State Dpartment of International Relation.
Dr Nyampinga said he never thought that he would have this game and said it was very interesting to count it among the females from all over the countryside.
Dr Nyampiga said they would travel to various prisons in the United States to adapt to the prison situation so that they could work hard in the country.
Dr Nyampinga said their work is vital, and they are happy that others have discovered their jobs.
At the beginning of the statement, the Secretary of State of International Relations, Milahael Pompeo, said the work the five women have done is both grateful and vital.
The project was summed up in four decades ago.
Some of these games have been obtained from Afghanistan, Armenia, Azerbaian, Bolivia, Burkina Faso, Kazakhstan, Nilagua, Pakistan, Syria, Yemen and Zimbabwe.
Mr. Pompey said this assignment is important because it allows for the women to be employed in all parts of the world.
Speaking at the end of the statement, the head of the United States, Melania Trump, said he was excited about the wonderful work women have been doing in the private sector.
Mr. Pompey said he met the women who were being recruited four years ago to meet with women who were being recruited for the last four years, who have been working hard throughout the world and who have had a lot of problems without having to bear children.
Dr Nyampinga announced that he started fighting for the influx of the private sector during the past three decades.
Along with the team, Ms. Nyampinga is tied to bedba in Women Coalition Of Zimbabwe,rises in Zimbabwe, Coalition, Women Aademy on PoliticalLeadership Exelleague and Aids Support Network.
Other parts of Zimbabwe have also obtained such services as Ms. Unity Williams, Ms. Wagadonga Mahlangu, Ms estina Muko and Ms. Beatri Business.
The Ministry of Politics said he had asked South Africa to do research to ensure that the Zimbabwean woman, on Tuesday, arrived in Corona’s germs.
An exaggeration on Zimbabwe indicates that it is not true. The South African National Institute of Justice Disease is the leadership of most experts in South Africa who can teach Coronavirus or not.
The woman, in Wilkins Hospital of Harare. Dr Portia Manangazira, a professor of disease, announced that the mother would suffer from the disease or not.
The kidnappings and ships from the ZUPCO department have forced people to travel, and this has led them to massacres in spite of the fact that the country is struggling to excavate COVID-19 deaths in the country.
Many people are suffering from their journeys and from tickets to dinner meals that they must take up the few vessels there.
The government has enforced a number of legal requirements to travelers in order to reduce the risk of the COVID-19 pandemic, and the ZUPCO is the only target of ratioism.
However, some ships do not want to go down that ZUPCO pays them with immediate payments.
On Monday, the private passengers of ZUPCO were confronted by the ZUPCO officials to try hard to save the payments of the residents in a more important way.
On Tuesday, the ships were ordered to meet the officers and repair the miners.
Studio 7 is also unable to hear ZUPCO’s voice in preparing the difficult ships.
However, the Chief Executive Officer of Harare Residents Turst, Prentuious Shumba, announced that the government must settle the affairs of the mining process briefly before it is curtailed.
Lions say the government has to send police and military personnel to the target target so that the people will comply with the laws that are designed to help keep the intelligence.
They also stated that the authorities also refrain from riding themselves of the vessels to ensure that no one is HIV or COVID-19.
The company in Bulawayo and other departments met with officials of the city to think about the damage caused by the intensity of the water. The crash lasted for a while.
The Chief Executive Officer of Reionfor Business in Zimbabwe (ABUZ), Visitor Nyoni, announced that their jobs had been damaged because the companies needed water to keep their jobs.
According to Mr. Nyoni, the officers who met them have promised that they would get water in the first week. The Kansere residents said they would stole their work for the last week.
Two weeks, and those living in Bulawayo have not yet watered to keep the mushroom cleansing.
It is because the area where water is obtained is diagnosed.
A Mr. Nyoni says it is well-known that the town of Bulawayo is over a hundred years ago, and the water pipes are already hydrocarbons.
He called the government and the museum to solve the problem overnight.
Studio 7 couldn't listen to the rebuke.
Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors associationa on Wednesday, in the legs of the mining doctors, announced that alleged doctors met with the President on Wednesday, waiting to hear President Emmerson Mnangawagwag.
The richest man at the meeting, Dr. Prince Butau, is expecting to see something from Mr. Mnangagwa on Thursday or Friday.
Mr. Mnangawe, who was taking a break, came right away to settle the decision of the doctors who had revolved.
The infirmity of the hospital has been disillusioned since the doctors posted their operations on ¢1.”
However, the Chief Executive Officer of Justice Working Group on Health, Mr Itai Rusike, announced that the government has been quick to solve any problems and that it will not allow the medical personnel to be charged.
Some Zimbabwens in the Groote Swahuur Hospital in the ape Town, where President’s executive vice hehiwenga is taking care of disease, claiming that hehiwenga is going to his country for medical attention.
Mrhinwenga was transferred to South Africa to a new country but to 7 Studio found no evidence that she was in the hospital in South Africa.
The Moni Mutsvangwa and the Secretary-Century Secretary, Ningwana, say nothing was said about George a hundred dated after VOA Studio 7 in Zimbabwe to became interrogated.
However, Studio 7 couldn't engage in a discussion without really believing that hehiwenga was in the hospital for treatment.
Another Zimbabwean, aarloshimbi, who lives in theape Town, joined the Zimbabweans in the exhibition.
He was sadly disappointed that the President had trampled on disability in the country and knew that if he got sick, he would go to medical treatment in a foreign land.
She said she was happy that she had been able to share these information with the hospital during the time she was in the hospital and said she would speak to her but did not say that Mr.hiwenga was in the hospital or that she was not there.
Hehimbi announced that the headmaster, the manager, had told him that it was illegal to speak to hospital patients who were not in the hospital.
In the last year, hehiwenga urged the officials to be unscrupulous but the government did not take steps to solve the problems of the headlines that prevented people from getting medical attention.
Groote Shurr Hospital is the first person in the world when it comes to opirehyin.
The Police has urged the Police Commission to the non-Witness political party to stop their luggage during the time of the conference and the President, Nelsonson, to score the political agendas for the year.
Commenting on their conference at Harare, the Final Minister, Luke Tamborinyoka, said the police had taken over their large meeting and had been overlooked for the growing school.
Tamborinyoka said the massive meeting was not coming tomorrow because the MD political party doesn't want the police to attack their supporters.
According to him, the police were evidently trying to chase with their supporters on Tuesday, as they did when the party decided to show them all over the country.
He announced that the Auditorium, “Agenda 2020”, which was to continue Ms Musodzi Hall on Mbare, would be followed on Tuesday for the next week.
Mr Tamboinyoka announced that the MD is tired of seeing members of the sector think that they do not obey or change their plans.
We couldn't understand anything from Zimbabwe the Speaker’s Director, Asmissioner Paul Nyathi, since his auditorium was in operation.
Political analyst Masimba Ku Kuhera announced to Studio 7 that the police are trampled on the rights of the people.
In the following year, ZRP took the initiative to protest the development of the country. It is said that the exhibition was feared as if it happened in the end of the day.
This year Nobel peace Award has been given to Ethiopia’s President Abiy Ahmed. Norway to pay the price.
He was reassembled in the peace he brought between his country and Eritrea, which had been oiled about two decades ago.
The firstbi member of the body accepted the offer was Albert Luthuli from South Africa in 1960.
Among them were Nelson Mandela from South Africa, Anwar Sedat of Egypt and Kofi Annan from Ghana.
Among the applicants are the Auditorium Desmond Tutu, Liberia, Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Wangari Maathai from Kenya (which Abire’s first resort).
The President of Zimbabwe, Morgan Tsvangirai, was released in 201ll, and he was unable to retaliate.
Dr Pedzisayi Ruhanya, in Univeristy of Johannesburg, has said the President Emmerson Mnangagwa has a lot of anorexia to learn from Ahmed democracy.
Many elephants and animals are dying in Hwange National Park crawling and thirsty. The government is taking steps to prevent elephants from dying.
We visited Studio 7 in the Hwamge National Park and saw many elephants starving and thirsting.
Tinashe Farawo, a spokesman for the Zimbabwe Parks and Wildlife Management Authority (ZimParks), said on Studio 7, during the month, elephants are rotten and deadly, and two more deadly animals occur in this year.
The Pharaohs added that besides starving, food and water were also used to rob elephants of their lives.
One elephant needs about 200 choiceds, about 4500 gallons (500 L), and more water.
Today, ZimParks claims that there are about 45,000 elephants in the area.
According to the High Commissioner, ZimParks is not authentic and is doing so as to sell elephants.
The Advoates4Earth Association, Lenin neshisaira, admits that the death of elephants and other animal creatures is in constant attendance and is among those who do not believe in Zimpark.
According to hehisaira, the government's decision to deposit it at the site where it has been announced that there is no such thing happening, making it go hungry for the services of the Hwange National Park.
However, Mr. Farawo reported that the supporters insisted that the existence of elephants and animals increases by caring for their good jobs. It added that they were able to come to a place where the need was greater.
Zimbabwe and some countries in northeastern Abirem, including Botswana, claim that they want the International ovention on the Trade in Endagered to sell their elephants on their heads and heads toward them. This event has brought a lot of harm to animals and to people.
Only this year, the animals have killed thirty people.
THE ITES conference held in the state of Geneva, Switzerland, did not permit the company to take off the rafter of the foot.
The Chief Executive Officer of the Safari Operatorsof Zimbabwe, Emmanuel Fundira, announced that he would have to reserve the problems of these elephants to Zimbabwe and other countries.
In Studio 7 the government is trying to collaborate with other nations and support himself in Sqobizitha Ndlovu, saying at Studio
They also said that the elephants could be transported to other countries of ITES.
Hwange National Park was opened in 1928 and that was the most significant part of the country.
The park was over 4,000,000 miles [ 14,000 sq km ] long and elephants were started by the elephants 2000.
The Secretary of the Football Union of Zimbabwe, FUZ, Paul Gundani died in Kwekwe Wednesday, on Wednesday.
Until now, they are unaware of the exact road that the death took place.
Gundani died at Topomasi Private Hospital in Kwekwe.
According to the Association, the auditorium was the largest one in the area where she died and it would be difficult to maintain the balance between the auditorium and the agencies.
Gundani who played soccer to Zisgyeo Steel, who returned to the Young Warriors and went on to haveWarriors known as “Dream Team”, a Reinard Fascian
FUZ was on the prosecution, Marlene Gadzirayi, claiming that he was on the verge of Gundani.
Ms Gadzirayiyi took the lead in Studio 7, “I’m sorry that they recall them when we were thinking about how to continue. I heard him today that they were missing but that I did not know what Mr. Gundani did.”
Ms. Gadzirayi says the nation has lost the soccer. Mr. Gadzirayi further insisted that he had nothing to do with Mr. Gundani, waiting to see the time for the burial.
The Zimbabwe Football association Service has reported on the development of Gundani’s death and will support the family throughout the funeral process.
ZIFA Communication worker Xolisani Gwesele said Gundani's death was a national tragedy and it would be hard to find a loving person to accuselo.
Gwesela wrote in ZIFAtentan mining, “You’re calm to Paul Gundani,” he added.
The President, Robert Mugabe, could not be taken to his home in Zyimba, as his wife Grace Mugabe is sick.
Some family members will say the corpse will come to Zyimba Monday.
A thousand people await the bodies of the President Mugabe now in Zyimba afternoon.
The Mugabe family, the Mugabe nana, Leo Mugabe, announced that the Mugabe’s body is now known and that he is unaware of the existence of King Zyimba.
Leo Mugabe said the corpse would come home early in the morning.
But the king, Katizagombo, also called Gibson, also claims that Zyimba was looking for the body because Mrs. Grace Mugabe was sick.
The king Katizogombo further stated that the corpse would be there until the day of the burial.
But this is what Leo Mugabe said Mugabe would have her family till the price was going to be completed.
The President Mugabe has unearthed the nerve-racking structure of most people, whether the Mugabe will come or not during the last days of the burial.
Leo Mugabe said Mugabe’s body would be held in Zyimba a day and later be brought to Harare, where it would be buried.
Leo Mugabe announced that there was a need for the President Mugabe home in Harare.
One member of the MDC-T conference, with a government without the leadership of Nelson, is expecting him to die in Zyimba today, Lloyd Tarubwa, who was picked up from the Bank on a stack of nine months after he was not taken to court and said he was going to see that the President Mugabe was indeed dead.
The construction of Mr. Mugabe’s funerals has taken many lives in the country. They think Mr. Mugabe was responsible for the development of her death.
Mr Mugabe died in Singapore during the nineth month and the sixth day during a long period of illness.
The Ecumenical team of teachers named Amalgamted Rural Teachers Union or ARTUZ in Zimbabwe said their hometown of Godfrey, who conducted the following day, led the police to spend two hours without man.
However, hehanda, a member of ARTUZ and ARTUZ, has been released from the Mfini region’s insistence that he should not meet with the suspects in Gweru.
ARTUZ Chief Executive Obert Masaraure said the excavators’s retribution from the auditorium’s uprising was reduced to two days.
According to Masaraure, some participants are also rebelling in order to help the team.
The drama ended on Wednesday.
But Masaraure said the meeting will be held after the strike and will be taken in the footsteps.
We cannot meet the Minister of apathy, Mrs. Sekai Nzenza, and we have asked the government for the decision but not for the past.
The since Platinum AF Champions League has led the public to ask more questions about Zimbabweloth.
For example, F Chief Platinum might be able to deal with Esperan pairs, with children or with Horoya Alub, with seven children in the contest, defeated at their own home and on the other side of the Horoya District, as well as at the end of the strike.
As for the apple, F Chief Platinum has obtained only one of the fruits of the cemetery, and the rest of the team is being picked up to enjoy the auditorium Spener Mushambadope.
Mushambadope says there's no seed in the rest of the stadium.
In the past year, the team was trapped in the first phase of the contest. Angola Primeiro de Agosto and was released when Lunda was again in their home.
During the second and seven thousand years, heaps United took part in small contestants, not to mention that Al Ahli Tribia, who was from Lybia, was forced to pay them two debts in their own home.
In that same year, Ngezi Platinum Stars, who were defrauding Zimbabwe in the auditorium, set off a contest in the first phase of Angola Libolo's conquest.
In the second and sixteenth year, Harare Citya was the one in the same competitive state in the first place. Zana, Zambia, managed to pay two debts to one in Rufaro Stadium and to 3-1 in Zambia.
This means that the panel in the area cannot stand in front of the other Abiman team as if Dynamos were able to compete to the Champions Leaguekansi in eightteenth and 4,000 years ago.
Adding to the problem, F. Platinum has produced just one seed in four stages, not one child, and six maidens in the stadium.
The problem is that when a locust team was defeating the rest of the Board of Zimbabwe and the expenditure was introduced in the Abirem, what was happening to the country’s hygiene?
Theaps United Nations Chief Executive Officer, Tinashe Musebi, says it is necessary to spur the growth rate before Zimbabwe strikes the hydrocarbons into Lesotho, Botswana and Swaziland.
The Chairman Farai Kambamura says the Zimababwe tigers cannot compete in Abire, since all the teams were helped to evacuate the towns, headstire South Africa while competing in Abire.
During the passing year, F. Platinum lost Gerald Takwara, Elvis ahipeze and Talent, a year of defeat at Rodwellhinyare in Baroka.
However, John reaffirmed the Lengthens and consented to the Committee on the Premier League, claims that Zimbabwe has to revive the ratio of competition in the country so that it can strike the locusts and pay them on their way to South Africa and Zambia.
According to Seisei, Zimbabwe has only two types of ceremonies, aastle Lager Premier League and hiku Superperi, the last year of Zifa was created for the next two thousand years.
Holocaust Musa Masepe says Zimbabwe doesn't have a gift, and some people want to go out or do something else because their reward is not theirs.
As a result, the teams in the country will be able to compete with the rest of Abimans in a long time.
The prosecution of the Democratic Party four in the US elections to the President in the March of Obubu made the elections to New York Mayor Mihael Bloomberg.
Bloomberg, who has become very wealthy, has not stopped in the name of her company in the prosecution’s jurisdiction of the President A RePublican political spokesman Donald Trump.
Mr. Bloomberg said in the previous year, Mr. Bloomberg was about to come to the party. He added more than $400M. That money belongs to them.
The executive did not stand in by-election at Iowa and New Hampshire. Neither did he stop by-election at Navada and South Laarolina when he was on the threshold of the Fourteenth districts in the Democratic Party Committee.
When Bloomberg decided to go to the office, the party’s citizens were sleeping, like the Bernie Sanders, in the legs of Vermont and Warren, who was standing in the fourths of Massapets, starting to be critical of his history.
Speaking at the Nevada’s large political conference, Mr. Sanders said that in order to win Mr. Trump, there is a need to gather large quantities more than any other in AmErica’s history.
Mr. Sanders said Mr. Bloomberg was a well-known person in New York to try to convince him that he was going to draw him and that he was looking closely at the Africans and Latinos that he was not using.
But Bloomberg refuted Mr. Sanders, saying Mr. Sanders, who is taking the lead in the election, has been appointed leader of the Democratic Party party in the Supreme Court, which will affect Mr. Trump four years earlier.
Political analyst of the Zanu PF, Frank Guni, said it is clear that the contest itself was between Sanders and Bloomberg
In his mind, Bloomberg and Sanders are in the position of the President so that they can conquer Trump.
Some members of the Democratic Party’s party say: Barak Obama was sleeping in Biden; Minnesota is the date between Amy Klobuhar and the day of South Bend Indiana and Petni, Pete Buttig.
The Democratic Party’s party is 3,979 deligetes, and before anyone can be reckoned for political leadership in the President’s jurisdiction, he must have 1,990 sweetlegates.
Adding to the interestligetes, we have a special deligates in order to ensure that the Democratic convention in Kitawonsa, 4,750 deposits and the funeral can be traced to 2,200.
Many people go to banks early in the morning with the conviction that they will be able to make the most of the world's banking sites but haven't come true.
Studio 7 has taken a look at banks in Harare, Bulawayo, a quarter, Masvingo, Mutare, Gweru, and the rest of the cities claim that no banks have been able to make the most of the banks.
According to Dr. Marwira, one of the bankers, she has waited for the same day since she heard from the news online that she was going to bring new money.
Mr. Marwira announced that it was important for him to buy money on the Internet and said that it must have been possible for him to have as many people as possible to have a
A customer who was buying and selling money on the streets refused to be named and told Studio 7 that he was looking at the new currency but wasn’t really aware of it.
RBZ, a reputable bank, has announced that it will show new banking systems that they believe will reduce national needs.
The Governor of the RBZ, John Mangudya, has announced that he will bring $2M to a voice of $2.5.
The Bankers associationof Zimbabwe, Webster Rusere, announced that some of the banks had obtained their money or that RBZ was the only one reported.
Unemployment has resulted in the nation’s failure to earn money. Some people who are saddened by it, but some say it is a stern example of punishment.
The Zimbabwean residents of South Africa are extremely sensitive to the burning claim that it is South Africa’s citizens who are unwilling to find work with foreigners.
The South African administration, Bheki Jele; the Minister of Traveling, Fikile Mbala; and the officer of the Chairman, Thulas Nxesi, and drivers at the trucks were alleged to warn their owners of their licenses.
Jele warned the drivers who were heavily trapped in the trap of destroying the economy.
But after two hours of speaking, a huge debt was set up in N2 in Durban.
The spokesman for the police, Superinendent Parboo Sewpersad, announced the explosion of a new
The last week, the Zimbabweans were extremely unfortunate in KwaZulu-Natal and Gauteng.
The headlines for Zimbabwe Exiles Forum, Gabriel Shumba, said they have set sails on the roads in SA.
Basing on South Africa’s Zimbabwe Exemption Permits four, Edward Muhatuta announced that the incident took place, he and other officers were also involved in proposing the government to come into the matter.
One of the officers, George Nanyika, has called for a lack of conversation.
Davie Munadawafa, another driver, announced that he was afraid of losing his life.
Munadafa continues that most drivers are unaware of their future.
The South African Police Commander, Bheki Jele, warned the police that the police will take steps to combat the burning of the vessels. That is what helped to stop their debts.
Lions say to Studio 7, the incident is the fact that South Africa’s citizens have said the country has never been driven by other countries.
Shumba has also accused the media that they have been able to refute the country’s concerns.
According to Lions, their company has written a letter to foreigners in South Africa and Zimbabwe asking them to work and solve this problem.
Dewa Mavhinga, director of the Human Rights Wa purchaseh of the state of Abirem A North, denounced this statement and advised everyone who used it to travel at night.
The economy of Zimbabwe is moving to a new job in South Africa, and it has led to disturbing the fact that South Africa’s citizens are talking to foreigners about unemployment.
The court ordered the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ coalition Chairman Dr. Peter Magombeyi to go to South Africa to receive treatment after the day of the day of the tenth month when a patient was beaten and beaten.
The United States is returning to Zimbabwe on $42M. The money will be purchased for one million people from the previous month to Colossae, 2020.
People living in rural areas of Gwanda in Matabeleland or south told Studio 7 that there is no vaccination in the government’s time and that the private sector is making a little effort.
The United States President, Donald Trump, will speak to the Board of the United Nations in New York.
The authorities are meeting with Harare Citykansere to find ways to heal the wounds of the city.
For example, consider what young people can do to economize the economy so that young people can be cut off from the country to fall into a better life in other countries where they are being harassed with harassment on foreigners.
If you would like to listen to the program or to say Studio 7, use WhatsApp to 001-202-465-0318.
To listen to Studio 7, you will have a total of 909, 4930 in the morning; 6040, and 15460 kilohɛts a day in Short Wave.
You can hear about Studio 7 at 10:00 p.m. on Tuesday, 909am, 4930, 7270 and 9885 in Short Wave.
Zimbabwe and the world as a whole were trapped in the International Women " s Day , which many women are saying they are often accused of being neglected and deprived of their freedom.
While it is true that Zimbabweans have a high standard of equality between women and men, talking with many women shows that they do not need government, political parties, churches, or businesses to ensure that this event will happen.
The Vice Chairman of a prosecution attorney, Mr. Boessy Maome told Studio 7 that women are under the weightier in the country where men are being cut off in the judicial process.
It is said that the chances of the nation can guarantee the rights between men and women are at hand to comply with the law.
Headmistress of Zimbabwe Women Lawyers associationano, Abigail Matsvai, told Studio 7 that today is a very important and impetuous day to government officials to comply with the laws that allow men and women to be equally successful.
One of the members of the Association’s members, Mrs. Tsungirai Hungwe-himbunde, rebuked Studio 7 of Studio to teach people the value of equality.
According to him, he is trying to converse with the parties and to give the chance to the election so that most women will be more inclined to compete.
This year’s ultimatum is scheduled to Equal, Build Smart, Innovate for a hundrednge.
Ms. Maome shows that according to the end of the election, the combination of the compound has to do with the power of the proclamation of men and women in the 2023 election.
Mrs. Matsvai has also supported the sector in the position of leadership.
Ms. Maome also said women should be involved in coalition and are forced to join them.
He said it is clear that the majority of men in the party are unwilling to get out of the area, and that is why they are treating the women there is no such thing. That is why the women
Eighteen days of International Women’s Day are spent each year. This day, they teach even females in the marketplace, in politics, and in other fields, indicating that women have access to them.
The ceremony signed by the government in Gokwe in the Midlands area was held by the corporations at various locations. The leader Nelsonsonmisa was also celebrated in the ohitungiza.
The proclamation services, including the Zimbabwe Human Right Commission, have also announced that it is difficult for women to go ahead and that the economy does not permit them.
Zimbabweace Prroject also introduced their arguments against those who trampled on the ravages of the population throughout the country.
Apadie court has given children eight hours to go to work because their rebellion is illegal.
The Chief Executives, Rodgers Manyangadze and Lawrenade Murasi, has given doctors two days to go to work.
The court also answered that the telemarketing machine between the doctors and the government had given them two weeks to refuse to cooperate with one’s children.
Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ reputable dadd, Doctor Masimba Ndoro says despite the excavators’ claim, the doctors are unable to go to work.
Studio 7 asked him if they did not believe in what they had said, they were afraid of losing their jobs, Dr. Ndoro, and said that those who have taken their jobs should do their utmost to go to work.
The truck’s decision to Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors’ Assoiation, Doug. Dooltart claims that he doesn’t agree with the court’s opinions.
Mr.hart also said that if the doctors wanted to, he had the right to go up to the court’s decision.
Studio 7 cannot hear the words of the Minister of Politics, Dr. Obadiah Mayo and Health Service Board.
The doctors posted their excavators online, claiming that they had no work to do.
Doctors who go to work are also in the room on Thursday, which are said to be their wages and hospital conditions.
THE government has announced that President idai has destroyed the Manialand region and that the party will continue to harass people there.
Speaking with Studio 7 in response to the national executive Officer of Studio,son Taylor, a USAID manager who oversees the relief work, said he was spending time with his parties in the process of building projects that had been damaged, going to rob people of their lives.
Taylor declared that the magnitude of the Manialand region is the most powerful force that the government of Zimbabwe alone cannot seal it.
Taylor, who visited the Manialand area and brought food to them, indicated that she was agitated when she saw how the people in the region were getting drunk.
He added that he saw the children in his heart, saying it is important for people in Manialand to have such accommodations as food and shelter, as well as to help them feel better.
According to Taylor, the apparatus and hiping, the suspects were unaware of the support of their party.
USAID, on the other hand, will send specialists to Zimbabwe to teach Zimbabweans how to know when and where the storm will come and how to protect people and property.
The United States has been $2.6M at the time of the explosion of Idai.
The Zimbabwe government, the United Nations and NGOs have initiated a project that they have been looking for $60M to care for the victims of the auditorium Idai.
It is thought that 300,000 people need help in the Central Region, 129,00 of them are young.
Nine other Mansini, who manufacturing Idai, has damaged a hundred and a half-school schools to keep 90,000 stocks from sleep.
The government says 300 were numbered, and 399 lost their lives.
They are expecting too many people to go ahead.
Some patients say they are accepting medical treatment in a foreign country because they do not have to listen to kidnappings and have to die in hospitals without medical care.
According to Studio 7, some patients are traveling to other countries such as South Africa, Botswana and Zambia to accept medical treatment in an effort to reduce the number of seniors.
One of the patients whom we spoke to in Pari was suffering, Mrs. Molline Mollinedove said that he often comes to the hospital to seek medical attention but nothing goes on.
Mshardove said he was heading to South Africa for medical treatment because he feared that the water would be blown in water during his legs.
One of her relatives, Fiona Muwa, said she had no choice but to take her to Zambia tomorrow for treatment.
According to a report by Studio 7, the public hospital in which the hospital is closed is heading, and many are rushing from the state hospital to the private hospital for treatment.
Wilbert Speaknze said his wife has been transferred to the Presidential General Hospital to care for her at the private hospital in the state of Rhitungiza.
Speakingze says every day a truck driven from the office to the oguguwiza has made it easy to borrow money.
Health Services Board has declared that young people who have lodged in vacation will return to work very quickly.
The tip has also told all the rebels to set aside their jobs and to return for business purposes.
This comes from the comments of the President’s deputy deputy, hehiwenga, informing all inmates that they do not deposit their businesses.
However, the Zimbabwe Doctors for Human Rights says the government has illegally violated the law of the applicant’s non-Biblical auditorium.
The Chairman Lionel Messi, who played a crash in Argentina and the Belgian Association in Spain, Barcelona, was again forced to strike downloads for Argentina, even after he couldn't take a single cup.
Messi introduced the incident to the amopa AmErica Cametery in the United States where Argentina celebrated the last lucrative pottery in the contest, which he threw them into the cup. That is the second thing that hehile has turned over to Argentina for the cup.
Hehile confiscated Argentina on Kwasiada, after Franciszaro Silva killed thelo while in Argentina, gookipa Sergio Romero did nothing about it.
The two countries fought alone at 82,000 people in East Rutherford in New Yorkey.
All the countries heopa AmErica are located in North and South AmErica.
Over the next three years, Argentina ruled vice vaccination at the hile, while fighting without any interference. Messi couldn't strengthen the head of Argentina 4-2 potteries in the panaatis.
Messi then rebuked the Technology Secretary to strike down downloads in Argentina, since he couldn't take the cup, even though it was his supervision.
Messi is nine years old.
Barcelona has taken the cup of Champions League into a quarter.
Some patients in Bulawayo are still in the city’s state hospital for four days.
When Studio 7 became in the Mpilo hospital, some patients who had serious health problems were like pregnant women who had recovered their customers and were allowed to go home.
One of the two partners, Ms. Dlamini and Studio, answered that he returned home with his legs (included water), and he was told that he couldn’t find a doctor.
We want to talk to Mr. Leonard Mabande, the director of the hospital, and he tells us not to speak to Zolani Ndlovu, who is the chief of medifect, so he claims that he is not able to talk to him now.
The institution where patients have been denied access to the home has been deposited in the United Bulawayo hospital. Dr Naisaus Dzvanga, the best management of the hospital, has been denied that the hospital no longer accepts the hospital for the patients who have the most difficulty.
The Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors association spokesman, Dr Mthabisi Bhebhe, said doctors are still using their equipment even though the government has ordered them to go to work. They claim that they haven’t heard anything from the government.
Dr Ndlovu points out the intensity of the hospital where they are asked to go to work because they are not satisfied with the demands of living things.
Studio 7 cannot share the sentiments of Dr Obadiah Moyo, who is the Minister of Health, without hearing the government’s arguments about the matter.
However, Dr. Mangwiro de Studio in the past 7 Census, Dr Moyo’s deputy is now unable to preach without charge. The Secretary of the Ministry, Dr. Gerald Gwini, has not been able to deal with us personally.
Referring to Bulawayo Metropolitan Provintan Provino and Studio 7, the lepers have continued for some time, and it is tragic that the government is neglecting to save some lives.
Government officials put their equipment off Saturdays and most of them in public hospitals where counselors are needed.
Barry Daka, a pair of pairs and alonia for Highlanders, has died after she suffered a short illness and was seventy years old.
His daughter Lorraine put Studio 7 in front of Studio that her father was now in their home in Barbourfield.
According to him, Kwasiada was diagnosed with a necklace at Barbourfields Stadium and is believed to be cold and killed.
The Highlanders conferred on their Twitter, the suspects were hurt and added that they were weeping with their family members and their applicants.
The chairmans claimed that Mr. Daka signed his warship in 1986 and gave them a lot of cups of soup, including the Independence hehibuku Trophy, Rothmans Shield and NetBrew.
Mr. Daka’s funeral has not yet come out.
Thomas Mapfumo, a heavy-metal singer, will say the Zimbabweans who will be protested by the President Robert Mugabe in the United Nations General Assembly on New York during our previous month.
Mr Mapfumo said it is important for the Zimbabweans to express disapproval in their country and to express themselves in a kind way as they do.
Mr. Mapfumo will not resort to promiscuity during the exhibition to share with the people of Zimbabwe as part of the worldwide government’s President Mugabe to rehabilitate the hydrocarbons in the country.
Mapfumo told Studio 7, “You singers but in New York will join others in the protest against the corruption and oppression of the government by the Mugabe,” he added.
We are looking forward to the #Thisflag, whose cleric Evans Mawarie is on the edge of the Evans Mawarie Declaration of Africa Unity Square, NGOs and Zimbabwe’s supporters, will be present for the exhibition.
Among the delegates was Patson Dzamara , a war-torn of Itai Dzamara, a young brother to the missing year.
According to Amalgamated Rural Teachers of Zimbabwe (ARTUZ., there has been no substantiation between their government and teachers to solve problems with teachers.
Obert Masaure, the leader of ARTUZ, explained to Studio 7 that the company’s company isn't glad to see nonreligious scholastics and poor teachers.
According to Masaraure, because the teachers are unable to pay their members and their family, they are retireing their jobs to find new jobs.
We can talk to the Minister of Education, professor Paul Mavhima, without being able to converse with him.
According to Ahinime’s globalization to advertising the problem of cancer in the natives, he picked up meeting address Zimbabwe claiming that some people do not know anything about the disease in the country.
According to the custom, those who suffer from cancer are exposed to the psychiatric disorders before consulting those who have volunteered to help care for those who have cancer. In that case, the scourge is extremely sensitive.
Priscilla Mangwiro, an analyst Zimbabwe conspicuumant, has declared that those who have suffered from cancer have had to go through
Ms. Mangwiro claims that he or she has the need to take people to the hospital to examine their bodies to see that they have cancers and that they have not cancer.
Ms. Mangwiro claims that cancer is the second-largest disease in Zimbabwe.
Mr. Mangwiro said, from the start of Ahinime’s menstruation on the first day, his company and his supervision of more than five women have been tested as part of their body or not. And the owners will go to heaven until the end of the month.
When she heard about the hae-Tionof Zimbabwe operation, Gertrude Magwaniza announced that she had taken her daughter there and had cancer among her members.
Ms. Mangwira claims that many bottles are the key to cancer in women.
Ms. Mangwira announced that it is necessary to pay attention to the development of women. They learn that they have cancer or that they have cancer.
Mss. Mangwiro said the majority of women think that they are going to die if they have cancer, but they will have a lot of hygiene to live in the world.
Ms. Mangwiro claims that one of the factors behind cancer is a lot of malnutrition.
Ms. Mangwiro has advised them to use these techniques to ensure that they have cancer or that they do not have cancer and that they do not know how to forgive.
More than 4,000 people each year suffer from the scourge and serious illness that most people will be exposed to infectious diseases.
The government’s commerce, Petertrade, claims that if the government insists that it is purchased or purchased, the oil system will never go away.
According to his statements regarding the economy of illegal mining, Petertrade’s Chief Executive Officer of Godfrey said that as soon as they are allowed to buy or sell oil, this will be done.
Mr. Nube believed that this will increase, but that is how the country can solve the problem.
Mr. Nube announced that the government is waiting for oil to grow in the country, and in the future, there will be plenty of oil.
According to Mr. Nube, the government’s example of the increase in the production rate is that the six months that led up to the end of the year, the oil is sold to a million gallons of oil, but this year it has been staggering to thirty million gallons of liquids.
When he was asked how to repair damaged oil, the Secretary for the executives, Gloria Magombo, said the problem wasn’t going on to hamper those who had been implanted in the country.
He also shows that the problem is being solved, not just for the whole country but for the people.
Ms. Magombo is pointing out that the drilling of oil was purchased as the governor of CentralBank, John Mangudya, announced that the sale would mean the expenditure of your truck, saying it has not taken place for you to pass the COVID-19 pandemic.
Ms. Magombo announced that he couldn't explain the date, no matter how well Mr. Mangudya told the concluding month that he hoped that the month should go to the end of the month and that it could be used as if it were said.
According to Msay Magombo, the law-enforcement Project is irritating that a large participant of the amphithea, Amtrosa, may have been picked up as part of the ambassador, as the ambassador of the commerce.
The court said they were thinking that the cassava is on the rise of oil in the country.
This Saturday, the Zimbadiops celebrated their 40-day festivals with their freedom of speech to the white man-made slavery.
These blacks came to hope that one day they would be able to live among the Villages
However, the aftermath of the country’s independence has been worsened than they did not have jobs to help their family.
Even if they do not believe what they are doing or what they are looking for in the future, they may
Health problems are far different from what the country was looking for .
Reach out those who are doing the work regularly to draw on their highways
The President Emmerson Mnanagagwa, from the country of President Robert Mugabe, was dispatched by the military prosecution of the civilizations.
Some of them , however , do not deliberately take sides with the fact that things were getting out of control
The ZanuPF political party has done nothing for the nation forty years
The Zanu , the chairman of the Federation of the Zanu , says that Regis a hundred cents of their party have done much to allow the Neighbor to be their political party or not to become a member of the community
Mr. Churumbira said the party has completed a diagnosis of those who have developed agnostics and those who have not received it should have access to local residents
But Timothy Muringai, the deputy Secretary of MDC-T, couldn’t keep his word.
They say things have gone wrong for years in the marketplace, in the health, in the workplace, and for many people to live at home
Attorney Ntabazinduna Nhlanhlayamangwe Ndiweni , or Lord Felix Ndiweni , was put before the High for 18 years to change his leadership
Ishe and 23 others are being denied the walls of Feti Mbele, desiring to leave the province of Ntabazinduna
This is what led to the complaint against Mbele’s wife. Nonkangelo Mpengesi
An acquaintance, Dumisani Dumisani Dube, told the judge that the chiefs of the ruling were not being taken for granted.
The famous player Thomas Mukanyanya Mapfumo said he is expecting to sing a song in this month when their equipment is damaged.
This work is in Eugene, Oregon of the American country called Trakdown Studios. Dr. Mapfumo told Studio 7 that only 15 psalms have been completed
Haennto has ordered that Heal Zimbabue President, Rashid Mahiya, get a chance to eat at home
Mahiya, who is in prison, is expecting him to be released from sleep, but the police are willing to finish their papers.
Mahiya law professor of Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights, Tonderayi Bhatasara told Studio 7 that the court took the Mahiya passports along with the $ 1,000 investment
“Whatasara was expecting the court’s trial because we were expecting it to be released. Bhatasara told VOA " s Studio 7
Mahiya is among those who are accused of taking steps to disprove the government
Speaking to the Secretary of Zimbabwe MedicalAssoiation, Sanniehirisa, he said he had a letter from an licensed physician to deposit his operation
Rhirisa, a leading medical worker, said the increase in the number of jobs has resulted in management by the young doctors to the straike.
According to hrirsa, to ensure that the work is well done, the young men need to work.
Mr.hirisa spoke up saying that in the hospitals there is a steady increase in the number of health-care professionals by about 533 doctors who are not allowed to
Secretary for Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Assoiation, Mthabisi Anele Bhebhe, expressed his dissatisfaction with the President’s dissatisfaction of heonstantino newenga that the school contains the underlying school currency.
He then said that he was taken to lead the government " s conversations with the authorities in favor of the doctors who lived in the home and the rest of the household .
Many of their initiatives have been criticized, while the matter is being handled by military personnel
The Minority officials say the government must also give them the tip and spare they need to work while working and rent their wages.
But the government also demanded money and could not do what they were saying
The nominee, Mr. Obadia Moyo, was able to hear the anonymous preacher, who went to the bricks.
The Labor court has discarded the government " s licenses by refusing to take any notes
Doug ooltart, executive of Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctor " s office in Labor court , claims that no good documents have come fromi Health Services Board, HSB have been able to handle the situation .
The court order ordered the HSB " prosecutor to work on the missing papers for hours
However , the doctors say they are going to court to reestablish their work
The Minority Leader on Tuesday, Masiba Ndoro said his work was needed to be done daily
Small doctors went to 3 straeke vows not to use weapons
Patients in Zimbabwe Senior Hospital Doctors " heel also went to the straeke Thursday , whereas jobs of low-paying jobs are less likely to be the norm
The medical authorities in the department said it is life-saving for doctors to work without the use of their skin.
The doctors also accused the government of over 60% of pay and misunderstandings
At the same time, two doctors are trapped in the University of Zimbabwe as straeki, and they have also prevented some from working.
Dr. Bothwell Mbuvayego has also been suspended and taken in a monarchy
Dr. Mbuvayesanguo gained the name of himself after the incorrect treatments made for the heads of the in 2014, Dr. Wake is approaching in the margins.
Zimbabweionof Doctors for Human Rights has denounced Dr. Mbuvayesangano on the back
We cannot hear from the University of Zimbabwe or from the government about nursing
But reports from medical personnel, Health Minister Obadiah Moyo, indicate that doctors do not return to work
According to Moyo, the government is dispatching the results of the trial, and the government’s implementation is taking place.
Patients heard the 3-foot [ 3 kg ] strike by claiming that they did not have enough money to go to work
The government and foreign workers have reassigned a waral to India and the jaw
As they talk through the auditoria aonsulting, Winston ahitando, the government’s radical analysis, is that the country will combat it.
Hehitando said Zimbabwe was crashing for 25 million tons of coals but is expecting 3 million to go anywhere
He also said that the koals are being transported every year
At the same time, President Emerson Mnanagwa said Zimbabweans are unable to benefit fully from the relationship between the two of the country.
Studio 7 has been unable to identify that company with Viatoria aonsulting , and who is the final supervisor
But on the day of my consent to the government, Gifthimanike insists that he doesn't know why the Zimbabwens should be aware of the proposed combatants.
Epidemist, Hypertension of the Husha, made the
Alejandrite also said that the relationship between him and other nations should be treated as unkindly
The mineral swearings are based on the coconuts, the coah’s father, and the 29 locations of the miner
The two teams of the Hwange oolliery and Mountain Resourgies are the most successful excavators
Three Members of the MDC-T party led by hundred Nelson are accused at Harare Friday, and released at $ 1,000
Speaking to a hundred judges, Deputy Biana Minister, these two deputies are said to have Tendai Biti and Ms. Lynett Karenyi Core, their Secretary, Ms. Gladys Hlatywayo, the Chief Executive, Mrs, Tomite, and the Politician, Vshimi,
These men are commanded to pay $1,000 for the Morgan Tsvangirai house
Ms Made said the customers would go back to 24, by the demands they received from the police to hear their message.
Speaking at Studio 7 about the judgment, one of the albums, the Ale District Convention, said the court had urged the people not to interfere with their applications and investigations.
Mr. MuChadehama also said that although three persons were accused of taking the kriminaa, those who were taken to court this morning, they were sent back to the police for breaking 19 law.
The six doctors have also addressed the court " s approach to the
Ale MuChadehama also claims that the victims are unable to protect themselves from the incarceration ofOVID in 19 prisons
The leader of the Governing Body, Nelson a hundred, has said he will continue to make changes in the country regardless of the cost.
Ms. Give an opportunity to discuss with them that the party’s deputy speaker, Womberaishe Nhende, in the hospital, is not held in the hospital.
Mr. Nhende , who said he was hurt when he was hospitalized
In other cases, Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights claims that the explosion of President Emmerson Mnangagwadom came over $ 300 at the end of the exodus.
The address, Shungudzemoyo, will be held at home.
Healing and Deliveran (PHDUry Minanries, Walter Magaya in Zimbabwe, was speaking on the subject of Aguma’s ARCHAIDSa, pastsa, and
Speaking to Studio 7, he said that on the night of his prayer on Wednesday, Francistown, Botswana, Mr. M Father said he was unconcerned about his pregnancy at the end of 2018 when he said that he had already been recruited to the hydging of the
After completing a long record of HIV/AIDS, Mr. Magawa pays $700 for a believer
However, this statement did not halt Mr. Magaya on the strike, he told Studio 7 that he was working with a company that he did not want to call their names and that he was exposed to HIV/AIDS
Mr. Magaya said that HIVAIDS is a problem for black people so that he orders all nations to be able to work safely and effectively,” he added.
Mr. Magawa is willing to work with other nations by noting that Zimbabwe has not been prepared to eliminate the disease.
On the contrary, the statements against Magaya in Zimbabwe, Aretha Midiɔal companyno, have found that the Medietines atrol Authority of Zimbabwe, and as a result, the Health Professions Authority has not permitted them to look for the Agumass as a job or business.
The hematologist in Francistown, Sengaphi Khuzwayo, was protesting Magaya for money
Mr. Magaya has already denied a call from the country since it was announced that she had raped a woman, but the court dismissed the incident.
As in the case of the uneducated segment, the ambassadors are heading through the hospital as if they were in the barren General Hospital.
Ms. Lisa Sibanda is an exhausted postpartum depression
Ms. Sibanda said that her only child died while she was born on Tuesday, but there was no doctor to help her gospel who helped her and killed her child.
Ms. Sibanda said the serious problem is washing his healervix as a result of illness
Ms. Sibanda said they are on their way to the water crisis, thus they are unable to go to the hospital.
Erasmus Zindoga , who brought his wife to Kariba , said that she had not received any medical treatment but that what she had found wasn " t ready to take care of her
Zindoga said that Kariba was already moved from a quarter to a quarter of 250 miles [ 250 km ] away in the hospital " s hydrocarbons
We are not too young to go through tribulation in a dirty hospital where people are taken from such places as Kariba, Hurungwe, Karoi, Makonde and Zwimba.
The Mashonaland West healer Tapiwa Dhliwayo said doctors do not work anywhere in the area
Instead, he added that alleged women who have an abortion should be treated as if they were in a diagnosis.
Experienced by extensive CityCouncil, Tinsuhao Mlauzi said the last week that he said, the total number of guests is 120,000 going through the crisis and three times during the collapse of the bacterium.
Kansa association Zimbabwe insists that the public be allowed to investigate the obsession between the men and the obstetricants and therapy
More than 5,000 people are infected each year in Zimbabwe and most are exposed to the deficiencies of
The town’s President, unior Mavhu, has the idea of looking for women and men to see how they can help them.
It has been said that the number of people in this country is becoming the same as the women, especially though they were males.
One of the initiatives is pressuring both men and women to take part in the institution they are looking forward to the end of the former months in Ahinime, and they have spent the whole world on the first month of the month.
The whole world is expecting them to stay in this month and expect them to remember the margins and how to protect them
Ms. Mavhu thinks we do not have to look every day in order to prevent the disease from hearing it.
The people of Zimbabwe celebrated their two-day celebrations on Saturdays a three-day expedition shop in Harare when some people came to the plates to explain their refusal to accept 2018
This execution took place all over the world through the media’s history of Zanu Pfni, Emmerson Mnangagwe, as a result of Robert Mugabe.
Mnangagwe was fighting with Nelson, who was heading for the first MD.
At the end of the excavators, the government launched an analysis of the Association and South African President Kgalema Motlanthe.
The Minority Committee launched a series of incidents indicating that the soldiers and the police had killed the people and that these people had to be punished. The government
The Ale. Motlanthe Programme also stated that the government doesn’t force its victims to go to school and that the police and the soldiers do not get the rules.
Humans claim that the government has not shouted in applause about the de Motlanthe bad
But the minister, Moni Mutsvangwa, says the government is aware of all the factors involved and is planning to do so.
The Assembly manager claims that the Mnangagwe government will use the proclamation program.
Madhuku said that the government has been warned to treat and disapprove of the government because it kills the soldiers of the country
Human rights expert and Human Rights Wa buyh " s regional Director for North Africa, Dewa Mavhinga said the government has not yet decided to do what was said
Mavhinga said the incident was two years ago, but they hadn’t done what they said.
In many places, since President, Emmerson Mnangawe, as well as his or her members, and the law-enforcementers were all involved in the cleaning process throughout the country’s preparation
Mnangagwe arrived at Pari breakfast hospital this morning and with his colleagues who helped clean the hospital
Speaking after the work was completed, Mr. Mnangagwe said the project was well organized and that it would be useful to people.
He said that he was doing this to remind people that this is what they should do
Mr. Mnangagwe also said that people do not know how to stop and learn from other countries , such as Rwanda , where people gossiper and weeds no longer use their feet
The sporting minister, Kirsty kovpresent and his staff, began stamping over Simon Muzenda so far as the African Unity Square of Meikles Hotel and the TM Supermarket.
He said that the public was in a hurry when they were swept away
Members of the Zimbabwe Newspapers also set up a steady parcel of garbage and parcels for the construction of garbage materials
The Zimpapers spokesman Beatriɔe Tonhodzayi told Studio 7 that the area wastefully constructed in that region to support the government in its service
He said the workers in all parts of the country were involved in the cleaning work.
The Minister of Harare, Hebert Gomba, sitikansilla and formersil swinders , also broomed the weeds and threw
Speaking to Studio 7, he also armed robbery Maseisa, at Highfield, Gomba, claims that he was overjoyed in the work.
According to him, the towns need to continue to commemorate the remaining census, as a result, the party is still reminding the cities that they are not honorable.
Mr. Mnangagwa signed the date, claiming that every Friday has its first month to help keep them clean.
According to the Finance Commission, he will put money into the country’s office to help the country so that it can be recruited.
Speaking to the journalists at Harare today, George Guvamatanga, said it is difficult to make a budget nearly two or one of them
Guvanmatanga also stated that the government is planning to set limits on the national currency
The economy was asked how it could be stolen. The Deputy Registrar who managed to manage the economy insisted that the auditorium be accommodated.
Introduiste, a member of the Labor-Eonomi Feast Development Resea High Commission of Zimbabwe, said the government could unlock the economy of the economy unless the country is invested with its money and especially in the cases of the country.
Alejandi said that when the money is repaired, it cannot be controlled simply by a short period of time.
The minister added that the investment of health-care costs would also be intensified
The Vice Chancellor, Mthuli Nube, also told the press that he was impressed by the initiative he had taken to the country’s economy.
However, the economy of the Tendai Biti, one of the three MDs, claims that the economy is worsening the economy by staying in the bank in Reserve Bank for Zimbabwe to help.
A Mr. Biti, who delegates the economy of the law-enforcement unit, said that the economy is unlawful in the banks and that the economy is illegal to protect the economy and the government
However, the decision is that the country’s financial commitment to the expenditure is limited in time, so it will be short-lived for church services.
The unfortunate Rise Kagona addresses the dialect and his work with the Biggie Tembo.
The legs of the teen are saying that the gossipers were incapable.
A skilled worker in the hospital testified that the children died in the early hours of their birth
Studio 7 was also unable to listen to the staff at the hospital
Ms.henai, whose father, Mr. Langton, died when he was not treated on Wednesday, after he was taken from Harare to the House Hospital.
Mathildahimbi, a member of the Banquet, excommunicating his dead brother, who had no help, said that his brother had called him to the grave and had no help at all
Ms. shimbe means that those who die in hospital care are not looking after the hospital
In the public hospitals , over 16,000 children go to straki for wages
The government’s allegations Minister for recycling the new job is reassigned.
On the contrary , the 19th-stricken population of OVID is rising as a mushroom or as a maseke attacked
Clearly, the public is now treating the disease in the country, in the truck, in the marketplace and in the banks where people have contracted.
Studio 7 has also found many unintentional people in Harare
A resident of Harare, Paul Mawaaira, who was unconcerned that he sometimes forgot to wear
Do Studio 7 asked him if he knew thatOVID was going to heaven when he was in the midst of 19 unnamed banks?
But he said that while he knew that a person’s freedom is indifferent, the message about people is a powerful force for people.
Simon Zhou, who was also waiting for the truck, told Mt Pleasant Heights, that they had been standing at the same location for about ten days.
He said they were not looking at the people, and they even had to wash their hands as if you were detaining the ZUPCO truck in the country.
Dr. Henry Madzorera, who is at the end of the AD to Alliance on the Allied Health Service, insisted that the people do not protect themselves as they engage in therapy.
Dr. also urged the psychologists to keep the house battling at the time
The Deputy Minister, John Mangwiro, told Studio 7 on the hypothesis that he was teaching people about the disease and that he was checking the blood of so many people to ensure that the disease had not been contracted and that it had helped to prevent it
In a conference with his citizen, the President, Emmerson Mnangagwa, said that according toOVID " s 19 approach to him, we should have a religion.
OOVID’s death in Zimbabwe alone does not exist in all countries, with 12 million people,212 in Zimbabwe.
Dr. Peter Magombeyi on Saturday, Harare, the doctors who are working at the Public High Commission, and others who have opposed the Mpilo Asntetera Hostpial in Bulwayo.
Dr. Magombeyi is in his home in Harare, including the hospital staff of the United Bulawayo hospital.
Ngongoma said they are being apprehensive about fear and fear.
Kwazulu-Natal spokesman for the Police , Dr. Thmbeka Mbele , claims that Plessislas apolisisi is investigating the deaths of the two opposing
Nobody
Parents are dealing with harassment at school
Parents are embarking on this fatality and are driving tires at Putini High Schoola in Mangweni, Umtshezi
We have learned that parents talk about things that are not his or her advantages at the school.
The children are said to have been trapped in the auditorium and without water and lamps
Speakers I until Langalibale Muniipality, Sifiso Mdakane, said the town was speaking of the book baptism because of the construction of the classrooms.
They study in an academic camp
The town doesn " t like that
The town’s kaunsila, Nkosingiphile Mpembe, said in 2010, marginal buildings were promised to build the school for prospective members of the world.
The students are not studying at all times, and they often drown the liquid, which is not expected to drink.
At the end of the dictatorship, a researcher came to the point that people would come out of their own curiosity.
KwaZulu-Natal " s curriculum Muzi Mahlambi said that the region is being called an administrator for the
A married couple who are battling them for stealing
The police are looking for victims at Shayamoy in Mpumuza, which is not Pietermaritzburg, since they think they have stolen.
The public is suspected of the Londeka Mvelase and the Mxolisi Peninsula.
The couple stay close to each other
They suspect that they have stole about R2 500 dollars and that some of their colleagues have been robbed of their stolen money
The interpreter suggests that even when he is reclining all the pieces , they are still shaving.
Both men and women were drunk
The town recruited Zondo to the area to see what happened.
Speaking to Solezwe, he said they had been accused of stolen and had no right to be drunk.
I have returned to my hometown
We do not know that bad things are happening in this region, but neither does it mean that you are in a position to do what you want
You should call the police to arrest the victim of this crime
Immediately, man took something out of a shop.
All of a sudden, peace is at stake.
The man is here, and he is
According to Ngubo, I am still looking for his family to meet them tomorrow and their concerns.
KwaZulu-Natal Police CommissionerNqobile Gwala said the two policemen were looking for them
They do all they can to get to know the relatives of those involved but fail to keep their meat off
The Guptas have completed their savings to some banks
AfricaN NEWS Agency (United) claims that almost three million coins have been taken under the control of the country, with Shadow World President Edward Holden investigations.
Heninno said this in front of the decision given by the prosecutor Raymond Zondo.
According to him, his discovery was R49,157,323, 233.
Frequently.
Holden said this when they were witnessing about the amount of money they owed to and from other sources.
Holden asked, the leader, Mathew hundredskalson.
Holden tells the suspects that his optimism is based on the latest arguments of Gupta’s adventures.
He said that Guptas stealed millions of money from R287 from Estina Dairy Farm Prroject
They think that this arrangement is helping farmers in Firii
According to Holden, Guptas started saving money after a year before even the Estina’s operation began
This startled the steiti government’s investment in the Estima Defense Service, 2011, but Guptas started stealing money to the Kotonian Service, 2011.
The project was stolen and even before the project was started
Significantly, the government paid the R287 million to the Gupta family, and the banks were placed in place to make it seem as profitable to R880 million in 2012 and 2016
The Badwao continues
A movie that shows everything about the death of the bride husband
Lindani Myeni was in Hawaii, USA.
The movie looks like the bridegroom out of the house in Honolu, which seems to be wearing gently and walking between those who think they were married.
It has been like he went to a church near his home.
The pair of the church reserves and pairs the two men
It means that the bride-price was seen leaving the house and that the couple were being separated from the house.
At that very moment , a mother appeared on the 911 call
The woman told the police that her husband was in the house and was coming to the house.
What the house belongs is indicating that they have nothing to do in the house.
Some have assumed that he was putting this information on a combination of
According to Bikerton, the court ordered that the movie be brought free of charge
He also ordered the police to have all the calls called 911 for the day to announce.
When Bikerton and Mr. William Denselow drew the discussion, it wasn't hard to believe that the bride was leaving the house.
According to Biketon, his final statement is that of old age.
In the opening image, the bridegroom asked the policemen about their hygiene and killed him in the hospital.
He added that they did not know that Myeni was not repentant and that the police were involved, but they met the press, reprimanding them.
Bi Chiefkerson said they would search for the truth to find out what is happening.
The IFP is being said to have a record in Melmoth.
The IFP formerselians are being accused of shooting those who claim to have been killed at the contemporary party during the Thubalethu, Mthonane (Melmoth Kwasia).
The judges are said to have kissed the crowd to get to the meeting place.
Some parties accused the political leaders of trying to force the IFP Kansela to come back.
The IFP elders called that meeting in the state of King Heetshwayo to settle the matter for the long term in the area. In the last week, he did not understand that the release of the originals was being returned to Bongi until Bilah.
One of the members of the Public Regional Regional Regional Regional Commissions, accused the IFP officers and formersmen of the suspects of being killed as a weapon to prevent them from being held.
“What we were doing because we were not allowed to go to the meeting because the people in the area were from the suburbs.
According to the Kuo, all the records started the dawn of the Public Association who wanted to attend the meeting. This led to the industrial and temporarily armed robbers in the area,” he added.
The leader of the IFP in Mthonane, who refused to call on his name, said that the Public Society’s members in the area were very old.
On the end of the week, they insisted that their formersela was picked up and trapped.
A meeting is scheduled for all the formersels and the IFP regional officials to come to terms with disrespect.
The record started when some of the people were on the way to the convention, and they started to stone the security officers. That is why the officers also started shooting.
He added it was also reported that some of the people were involved.
The new Mbangise Biyela, the deputy Phumlani Ntombela and the museum in Mthononane, were present at this meeting.
They tried to hear the district leader’s arguments, and they did not.
The President of the Northern Republic, Thami Shangase, said he was not the organizer of the conference. He added that everything was in the hands of the police.
The IFP spokesman of all the country, Mkhuleko Hlewa, said the party would defend the matter today.
The Basabasae started a time when Bisela was transferred from one place to another. As a result, the residents felt as if they were part of the IFP company’s members of the nephewson.
KwaZulu-Natal Police spokesman, Mr. Thembeka Mbele, said the Melmoth apolisi are investigating the development of the accident and the
He will not be overlooked in this regard.
The Chairman of Parliamenta, Baleka Mbethe, has shattered the charges of corruption.
Mr. Mbete in response to the institutional awards for some of the institutions that some of them are illegal, he added, claiming that nobody has the opinions, and some cases because scientists have no construction skills.
He even made a statement about the weaponry that he named the President Zuma as an example to obtain a letter regarding some of the difficult things he knew from him
I know that some of those who gave a witness are here well-known for their plans.
I know speaker has come here and says that they cannot say what he hears
I can mention the gun-related incidents that deliberately hammered (Psoday).
I signed my office doorbell
The letter contains strong but blunt statements
I couldn " t afford to send a book without my consultant so that we couldn " t get it.
My problem was that one should come to me and understand me
On May, that is what I was defending in the law-enforcement that we shouldn’t stop talking about the matter.
In the 17th and seventh millenniums, he was asked how he was involved in the Gupta family affairs
I don " t remember sleeping but realize that it was about a custom that appeared on the Gupta family
I think these issues do not appear until we are unable to find out what they were written.
Consider what they will say about the world he has created for you
Ms. Methe further explained how to find out and how to reach out for our work
SUPPOSIS are accused of the deceased student
NSFAS students are being accused of a student in Durban Tvett tollege in his hometown on Tuesday two days after his death on Saturday
The late twenty-year-old Yonwabo Manyanya is described as a graduate of the Eletrial Infrastruture purge and is disfellowed by the owner of her house because of her debts
That is why he was forced to stay in the area for two days because he did not have anywhere to go from the hunter
It was announced on Wednesday that the patient was not in good health
Her friends told her that she had to get somewhere to wear
Symptoms indicate that Jonwabu died on Saturday at the place where his friend lived in Durban North
One of the closest relatives announced that they were sneering about what had happened and that was the reason that the NSFAS had been accused of subversively enticing them for financial gain
I am sorry because they could have prevented the death from
I like NSFAS, said the student, because I see this snake coming more often than we can hear these words.
The suspects were unable to approach him and say that what had happened could not stop them from speaking to him
Kwazulu-Natal police general Nqobile Gwala has denied claims for everything
Asherville is the leader of a financial crisis, about half of the students were standing outside the school to show it
The students told Isolezwe that they were sleeping because they had been disfellowshipped for lack of money in payments
Many students who were dressed in bedrooms came from Gauteng, Eastern ape and Mpumalanga
Mr. Siyabonga Sambu of Ermelo, Mpumalanga, a graduate of the President Safenty degree de NSFAS pleading with those who were complaining about financial matters
The monarch " s component of the month received no amount of money
There is no money to buy food
The clients were given a small amount of money
Sambu claims that there is nothing in the area and that we are called a public prosecutor
Zodwa Mabanga from Johannesburg asserted that it was true because he too was disfellowshipped
Dr. Mthabisi Bhebhe , secretary for Mpilo Hospital Doctors associationa , expressed his dissatisfaction with Dr. Mthabisi Bhebhe , who wants to see Dr. Magombeyi as he
Dr. Tawanda , who also claims to work with Dr. Magombeyi , claims that many doctors are now feared and gone until Dr. Magombe " s services are recruited and
Chief Director for Mpilo Hospital, Leonard Mabandi , has shown that the doctors will soon resume their work
Walter , on the other hand , claims that many patients have been treated without treatment
Dr. Magombeyi doctors were arrested and taken to strike. Two weeks of the physicians went to the strike to say that they did not have a combination of compulsory
The government claims to impose laws that would enforce doctors " s strike but that dogs have no legal right to do so
Kentucky courtesies in the US leaving Muhammad Ali , aged 74-year-old , have stored the streets of the Kentuck
Among other things , USpanin da daw Billlinton, and a headline like George Foreman, Mike Tyson and Lenox Lewis and Will Smith
President Obama also introduced her episode. A Zimbabwean resident of Kentucky Patricia Chikanga said that the nation could do something good about dying people.
Patricia Chikanga told Studio 7 that the country has the right to dignify those taking the lead in the country. Many are coming to Ali
The Zimbabwe Council of Churches (ZCC) claims to have been painfully affected in Matabeleland South, Matabeleland North and Bulawayo " s districts in favor of posters working in the region
ZCC has assembled a combination of tons and doctors who work in the three provinces
ZCC Secretary-General Pr. Dr. Kenneth Mta declared Studio 7 before the Studio that it was a crack for some people
He claims that these words are being uttered in pain
He claims that the government has to maintain politics and support the hungry
Dr. Mta suggests that the government will be forced to check on what is being said so that they too can help in the house-to-house ministry and increase
Since 2007 and 2008, Zimbabwe’s love of Zimbabwe is on the decline.
Amrikalar is changed between $32 and $ 40
Typicals, hydrocarbons, and natives have made it difficult for some to call on the same country
Speaking at the end of the conference, President Emmerson Mnangagwa announced that no nation could live on their money.
Nelson a hundredfold nonreligious statesmanships have also said that the nation would not have enough money to pay for its own expenses
But economy Prof. Gift Muguano explains that political agendas are not to be influenced by politicians .
The excavators of Zimbabwe Retailers Denford Matashu has also seen the economy in medicine
Zimbabwe National chamber of Heommere, hris Mugagaga has also said it has to be confined and taken steps to improve the quality of the growth of the love
But Prof. Mugano claims that no dog manager is in a car and that even the government is reluctant to accept the ecology
ZCTU " s Secretary Moyo has also declared that the occupation is not contagious
The Reserve Bank of Zimbabwe, RBZ, has also been making plans to build a strategy that will help the nation to keep its legs
However , RBZ president Dr John Mangudya claims that both are figs
Since the year 2019 , Zimbabwe began to use Amrikalar as a person but now out of its own deepest year .
Zimbabweulnerability Assessment Committee, zimva claims that at the end of the year , there will be nine-percent increases in Zimbabwe.
But in the countryside , only one-third of the previous month needed food
The best remaining women are Matabeland North, Masvingo and Midlands
The Population Service, Fewsnet, has declared that those in the large city also need food because the economy is deteriorating
A large part of the population will be affected by the hipinge and the syklone mood syklone
A spectator named Dhumakwezu claims that a company is feeding them through World Vision because they join the Red rosss company
But those who are not registered in the company are starving
Population of Gweru has shown fear of COVID-19 invasion
Approximately a hundred people have been addicted to the Gwetu Pletink
Thirty-five people are also left with teachers of Mkoba
These people , cared for by South Africa and Botswana
According to the media Mangwana , Mboka cholegyi can be a full-froming factor in the Gwetu High Commissioner
Ms. Enita Nyati reprimanded Studio 7 for fearing that heovid -19 was the same person and could be a refugee park
But the Musha Mammans also indicate that they have to care for such a person as Zimbabweans or to care for their family and their alcoholic beverages
It is said that the stroke will be added to the possibility that these ladies are unlawful duties and that there is a great need for promiscuity
The two offices in the state of Midland require the governmental office of Studio to get there
The Midlands Minister Larry Mavima and Dr. Mhene have been told that he was at a meeting with us but that we had to go with him
According to some experts in South Africa and Botswana , they were in debt to some immigrants who would otherwise have been able to catch their violins
Gweru mayr busiah Makombe put it before VOA Studio 7 for women to keep the violin park
He ordered the people not to be feared but to be cared for by their pharmaceutical systems as well as by those who had acquired violins
The President of People " s Democratic Party named Matibenga of Gweru said it is the government " s duty to protect the entire population
The videos do not hold back from the towns of Midlands but fear that the violin will come upon them
On Wednesday the country " s office met with the doctors who visited the strike for the first time after they went to strike for the first day of the year
Some doctors also went to strike Wednesday. Many are losing their lives because of the number of doctors who go to strike.
The President Emmerson Mnangagwa, on Tuesday, has recruited Prof. hestantino newenga for a solution to the strike
Mangwana , a spokesman for the President Mnangagwa , claims that the President is coming to a fuller extent to prevent the situation from happening
On Tuesday, Mr.hiwenga ordered all the doctors to go to work
The Zimbabwe Medicalassociation officers have given the government eight hours to reduce strike risks
The Chief Executive of Zimbabwe " s Hospital Doctors associationano, Dr Elias Muzoremba, held a meeting to listen to the doctors " comments
The latest phenomenon is that the doctors told the President that it was the Health Services Board and that it was hypothetical
The authorities say they want the government to take RTGS out of spices and citizenry in the heads and institutions and to use the US " s love to obtain the RTGS
The doctors spend $ 329 per month but that amount in RTGS
But the economy in Nelson Mandela Metropolitan University, Prof. Gift Mugano denied Studio that the government cannot pay all that money
Dr. Mugano was asked how it turned out to be a collection of cosmetics in the US lovelars and how to change them
Mr. Itai Rusike , executive general of Justice Working Group on Health , rebuked Studio that the President would require a large amount of money in the bag.
Some people are saying that the Health Insurance heards are not always there when they are about to buy US love or live at home
The Warriors national soccer team from South Africa to compete in the oosafa tournament
Two concubines lay ahead of the team in the soup and Africa " s heir of Nations for victory on this Saturday oosafa
The oosafaup is being prepared for the Boon in Zimbabwe for the adoption of the sixth cups
Because of the economy , Zimbabwe has not yet competitively competited for the Aflo-Savery contest , and the Warriors General insisted that heosafa is the way to kena
He is also trying to take the cup with him after the project was started in the year
hidzambwa seized the oosafa junk cup in 20039,2017 and 2018
Zimbabwe hired suchlocers as Tendai Darikwa, Admiral Muskwe, and the Ale Mudimus and wanted to join the soup contest
This year the Zimbabwean soccer team is the largest team that is being taken to the Aflamba because of such legends as Knowledge Musona and Marvelous Nakamba
Shingirai Miti of the Association for Warriors has declared that there is no competition for the ointment because the cup is Zimbabwe at any time
The Zimbabweans are hoping to win the first match between the Egyptians in the Save because of
Holocaust Ronald Pfumbidzai claims that they are going to Egypt to eat
Zimbabwe and Egypt, the Democratic RePublic of oongo and Uganda, are at Group Against the Group A who patroled Wellington Mpandare to see them out of that category
The prosecutor " s contest in Egypt ends with promiscuity from the contest to Nigeria to the Parliament
Many soccer players feel that they have a lot of time together with their family and friends but this year when others joined their family in pursuing Egyptian competitions at Champions League
This was the third of the Platinum Cametery , when Sudan Al Hilal was conquered and Tunisia Etoile dusahel was defeated
Swes said they will do this work, and they are looking forward to the victory over the two games that are defeated by the Honah and the Nkrai’s family, but they will be willing to go to Darton Dodo to make sure that the clients have nothing to do with their friends at the time when they cannot afford afford to take the cup. Ompin
Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZ.) says that the government does not care for those who go to strike
The company says they want the government to pay teachers for USlarlar love
The government was introduced by the Amalgamated Rural Teachers Union of Zimbabwe (ARTUZ.0. END on the mineral Service, the Public Service Commission and Ministry of Finane
Studio7 has not heard what government has to say on this matter because Moni Mustsvangwa , a customer
ARTUZ patron Obert Masaraure claims that they have the right to live a life without having to do so
Masararure claims that the government is trying to manage the economy but must fight against corruption and corruption in order to manage the economy
Masarure claims that the government is destroying coins at a time when it would have been possible to pay the fees for the public
The Masarure realizes that money is available in the country to solve the problems but one problem is that the state " s advisers cannot manage the economy and see the need to plan for solutions to the problem
Indigenous communities are struggling to obtain passports in the country
Thus the government ordered Registrar-General to force the Zimbabwens to pay $ million for their debts
Kazembe Kazembe , a member of the Commission and a news reporter , rebuked them for their passports as well as for their passports as well as for their heads and for those in the countries.
According to him, for the benefit of foreign residents, the government has seen the need to close the cost in order to get the papers quickly.
Some people wonder , though , that this is an increase in the proeign explosion
An passport in the country pays $ in RTGS for a three-day passport
And if they like passport the same day , they pay $
The Secretary of Paradwam, Kindness Paradza, says that the council supports the passports and will help the foreigners to understand their nationality
Paradza claims that the majority of people have been beating their family and friends and that they have paid large sums of money to passport
Iaa Nyaumba , a Zimbabwen , has said that when she met the famous soccer Neymar , she had a sophisticated photo
Neymar was introduced in Sao Paul in Brazil and named Neymar da Silva Santoúnior
Neymar now plays his ball for the Spanish soccer Barcelona, Lionel Messi. He also promised to Brazil to save the first gold in the Olympi
Many people say that the Yeumba and Neymar had a photo in Viatoria Falls and told Studio that he was working at the Ukutula Oonservationation at Preia in South Africa
The Warriors clubs are preparing to compete and all the people of Zimbabwe are making sure that they are playing the game
The Warriors are entering the Rufaro stadium in the games that are believed to be large in Zimbabwe " s history
The Warriors " meeting with the Indomitable Lionesses of Cameroon shows that they can go to Olympi Games in Rio deaneiro the following year
The Warriors met in Yaounde a week after they were defeated , but if they won this game , they would go to the Worldup.
The Warriors and teams have been able to go to to tournament from the gold hokey girls that were able to attend during the year
But the Warriors were one day reminded that they were the first team to complete the tournament
Zivanai Moroyiwa , a Warrior Committee member , has said that the Warriors are delaying because they have been able to play soccer games because the Warriors have not been able to do so for three decades .
Tonderayi Matimura , an aapura member of the United States , claims that when the two parties met on two weeks earlier , he believed that Warriors would again
Zimbabwe " s Football associationno saw the need for public attention has been organized for everyone who watches the games
Andrew Rwodzi , a Sport manufacturer , has said that many people will go to stadium because of ZFA " s policy
Mr. Matimura has also said that he will go to see some of the cracks at stadium because the lovelar is lower than Zifa is receiving
Shadreek Mlauzi , a team team , marched into the team and looked ahead to Rudo Neshamba and Ruthendo Madegura as a flour in front of the public
At the same time the Warrior team will meet Lesotho at Bourfields stadium in the African Nations Championship
The Team hatched the Kalisto Pasuwa alliances on three Hardlife Zvirekwi and Justice during the sexual intercourse, but Muroyiwa has shown that some Warriors are not as permissible as Lesotho.
The Warrior is expecting the two games ahead to win and move to the African Nations Championships finals from the end of the tournament
The public is focused on Mighty Warriors
Marketers at Harare and Tai embark / Sesisiikile movement delegates have joined in combating Zimbabwe " s ambassad
Some of this happened in the town of Norton , where the sellers did not excavate the sale of Katanga .
Declaration / Sesiikile movement spokesman , Makomborero Haruzivishe , has declared that those who sell to harassment the police are part of the
Haruzivishe announced that while in the mines they were in the police station , they were caring for the victims but saw that it was only one
Harare CityCouncil spokesman Miuhael ohideme declared that they had not heard anything because they hadn " t been in the city since the incident occurred
But by liturgy , the government issued a set statement that many young people were killed by the police
The government went on to say that the success of some of the teenagers was developing in the police knife for construction projects in the courtrooms
We do not hear the sound of the police as these statements
The Zimbabwen town of South Africa for its Zimbabwe employees said the burning of the robbery in the streets of Johannesburg on the Zimbabwean people is very painful.
These women are said to be the burglary in the prime of Hillbrow, Whena and Yeoville and near foreign countries and Zimbabweans as part of kidnappings and murderers.
The spokesman for Zimbabwe , in South Africa , has announced that its police are planning to investigate the issues involved
He said the team was planning to join the police officers on the premiere and on the sixth day to try this problem
The police are said to have come to the site from time to time but not to allow the criminals to do what they want
Alejandzi claims that those who are familiar with the victims of this incident have the right to spend time with the police and the Zimbabwean residents of those women in the same camp.
Contrary to Studio7 " s statements indicate that police and military personnel have to be brought to those girls and immigrate the census
The South African community has also been accused of stealing, drugs, and sexual immorality
It has been said that two and nine thousand years will solve a serious problem in the political and economic way of life
The NPP legislator of Dormaa East, Mr. Paul Apraku Twum Barimah, has ordered the Parliament to execute money from President John Mahama between the two and three thousand and six thousand years
He added the economy Mr. Ken Ofori Attah that this investigation will help him and all Ghanaians to see how much the country " s monetary value has been spent on the journey.
I have asked that question because I knew the expenses of the President John Mahama made for a hundredrtered flights
Perfectionism
Mr. Barimah explained that he had not politically defended his question
It is the time for us to determine whether our nationality is measured by the costs of a hundred hundred and dertered flights and by dignitive measures that we can take to ensure that we know what is going on from time to time
Is there any leader? If so, have you made a decision about the matter? So am I not performing a political event.
He added that I want to know these issues and that we know how to make good plans. Now it can be my hometown, but tomorrow it will become a new government. That is why we will not take the initiative to cope with these issues at any time.
Arthritis
Foreign Affairs Committee coordinator Mr. Samuel Okudzeto Ablakwadwam also asked for permission to consult the government so that the President Nana Addo Dankwah Akufo Addo is going to France and that he does not use the entire country " s jaws as a flight .
The National Democratic Congress (NDC) Parliament for North Tungu stated that it was shameful for Ghana to have a luxury plane but that when the President was traveling , he would pick up a new plane .
He announced that the country " s voyage affects Ghana to GHS million meinu
The Bono East High Commissioner, Mr. Kwasi Adu-Gyan, has promoted the NPP and NDC officers who have NDC to restore peace
He said it was my boast that NPP and NDC officers have gathered together to help the region to continue
Mr. Adu-Gyan continued that peace helps to improve the neighborhood and that peace in the region is difficult for them
The people of the region announced the final phase of the Tennihiman activity
The elders who attended the program included NPP and NDC officials, traditional authors, administrators, extortioners, extortioners, National Commission or Civic Education (GAMLS), and substitute organisations (s).
The National peace Council initiated the Commonwealth Secretariat and refuted its contents with the ‘Countente Postion Violence, and Building consensus for Greater Political Tolerance in Ghana”
All the information is based on the backs of electronic devices as well as on other methods of coping with those types of cotton
Mr. Adu-Gyan said that Ghanaians boast that the Global peace Index Report has announced that Ghana’s two-born national interests in Abirem ha. also created the NP and NDC to promote peace in the country.
He added that this is the case with the government, the political, and the government’s jurisdiction, the jurisdiction, the institution, and the media, which has helped the nation of Ghana
He promised that Regional ooordinating Council (United) would ensure that this peace would last forever
Speaking at Electoral Justicee, Alhabaai Suallah Abdallah Quandah Quandah for the Bono peace Council to announce that the political situation has been achieved through the Electoral Justice
He argued that the Electoral Justice exercise is not a new thing but that the country is entitled to a national election and politics in terms of irresponsible efficiency
Alhaji Quandah showed the importance of having Electoral Justice to help keep their child rearing
The Abuakwa South legislator Samuel Atta Akyea has assured Ghanaians that if Nana Addo " s government was on the seventh day of the 17th and seventeenth millenniums , Ghanaians would end up with all problems
According to him , the government of Nana Addo will provide the national economy because the economy has been embarked on the roads of economy
In the East Akim’s district of the West, the Atta Akyekye announced that a new era in Ghana will be recruited financially and economically.
He announced that when the President Nana Addo had been released , he would have to pay attention to all kinds of programs he was willing to accept and perform better services
Among other things , the rice was rice, salt, salt, salt, goats, hands, and absent amount of money that
Three brothers in the area where their mother sells her hand in Tarkwa-Nsuta , in the province of Tarkwa-Nsuaaem , are found in the East for their deaths
Three of them died as a result of the generator mortality dragged into them
Ins pleasek prime minister George Sakyi of Tarkwa-Nsuta station declared that the municipality was called three childbirths in a drinking area
He explains when he and his apprentice came along and the dead were put to Abena Amos, Arabi Dadzi, 13 and Akaba Dadzi, 7 in advance to the Tarkwa government hospital waiting for customary procedures involving their deaths
Speaking to Starr’s Starr Ohene Gyan, Mr. Sepa explained that the dead and their mother were the mother who cared for Golden City by the province of Tarkwa Wateri.
He claims that they would express themselves to their mother after they helped their mother and finished working with him
According to the founder, Madamzi took the generator to light his children the next day in the shop and learned that his children were dead.
The one who had been strayed was accepting medical treatment. The police are investigating the incident.
The Frankishop for the National Democratic Congress (NDC, John Mahama has declared that he is a winner in the court to persecute Menzgold Nana Appiah Mensah , the majority of them, that NAM has given the public money to them
Speaking at Tarkwa-Nsuaem in the East, Mr. Mahama stated that he was agitated that Akufo Addo had taken advantage of the public property and was focused on the public.
According to him, the NAM’s unique defense that Akufo Addo is protecting him? Why are policemen sitting on the cosmetic that NAM-1 was missing.
He promised that his home would be a thorough investigation of the NAM and his officials and that the public would be delivered to them
Ellen Asamoah , chief of Menzgold NAM , was accused by Isn Circuit for the first day of Ahinime " s activity in the second millennium
The country had already accused NAM of Kotonio in the second and twentieth millenniums at Accran Circuit to court
The police postponed Sylvester Asare as a guide to the court that he had obtained a verdict to accustom others and NAM definitions
During the courtship, ASP Asare advised the court to listen to the directions in the matter
The court ordered that the case be postponed and the prosecutor be prepared for the case
He said that giving attention to the admonition and correcting the auditorium had made it possible for them to go to court to do the right thing
But they went to the court on Monday and asked for a new date to pay attention
NAM " s bananas appeared in court
On the dawn of the second and ninety thousand, Iskran Circuit went to court for NAM bail GHS billion.
He said he did not condemn the charges against him by the government. That government has decided to change the charges and determine how to handle them.
She also has to show herself to the police on Wednesday at ten o " clock in the morning
Among other things , the first components were mail, digital automobile, unlimited labor and illegal mining equipment, and laundering
Also , the total amount of money they borrowed from the auditorium and the checklist was GHS billion.
Deceitful use of Okada is becoming a
The police also claim that the highways are all motorists, accidents and unlawful rules
Politically , the rising rate of catastrophic ends is causing problems and plans must be made to prevent them
Many times we have used this rumor to describe the effects of this slanderous event
One of the problems the nation is facing is how to understand the use of motor and motorada
Two thousand and a half years ago, legislatured Road Traffi citizen Regulations, 2012 (L.I. 2180) made rules that would enforce them.
The Law came that it would be unthinkable to use utensils and motorcycles unless they were used as heourier or delivery Services. Then DVLA was ordered not to allow the motor license to be used as public service cards.
Okada and the park are racked out of the country without the law enforceed by the legisla
In the villages , okada and the park are transported to lush butterflies, heads and women.
Those in the large city travel through okada and park so that they do not live in the traffik
Because he is expensive , most of them want his advice
Without a crack and a ribbon , the anemone is taken away
Most people , however , do not want to wake up and park because of their noise and obscenity
Different accidents are a must
Many organizations , including the Ghana Medicalassociation National Road Safety Authority , have called for their use in the country
This has happened to the father of the country
This is because it has not been rehabilitated by its laws, it has become a source of relief to many Ghanaians.
For us here in Daily Graphic , we think that the country looks at the law again and looks at the best ways to fulfill this assignment
In India , where we live in Ghana , we cannot fully understand what we hear in the park
So what can we learn from India that we can bring in our sest?
We have to put it into our mind that because of hard work , they are slandered and saw it as a job to support themselves and their family
Now we have the Daily Graphic thinking that we allow their training and programs to help the country thrive
They are looking forward to the law that permits the work, and arrangements were made to ensure that the industrial residents have an accident.
The arrangement will help to enforce the laws of Ghana " s Police in order to enumerate the utensils of utensils and ceilings on the edge of the
The vast majority of Ghanaians have become suspicious of this law because of its merits and evil
Daily Graphic believes that if we want laws and decisions to come in and around us, we should try to find out what we are going through and see whether our horns are being tested or not.
I don't remember every day excited in Ghana as the last Friday of Green Ghana was a day.
This is the day we all knocked on to the point that we were all
I have come to Ghana twenty years ago and realize that what is happening in our country is in stark contrast with the textile textbook. This has become an integral party to protect our fingers.
Fifteen million plants were assigned to plants to bring us the joy that has not been experienced during the long term.
Ghanaians will see that the most important thing we need to hear about was our fate in Ghana.
What is more important, academically, an exhausted school room, a hospital with no beds or even a homeless boyfriend, I am announcing that even one of the most sensitive diseases that all of us have is the loss of our hands, the loss of forest and the rainstorm, and the ravages of our well-being.
I didn't look at the academics that students were studying in school, but I can say that Ghana’s understanding wasn't as simple as Ghana’s schooling today.
We continue to talk about too many forests , but the fact remains that our hands are right
We talk about the wild animals in the forest, but all of them are confiscated and confined.
Although our speech has been incorporated by the ratio of the forest , it is nonexistent
We didn't think it was all the jungle that we hadn’t received without our fingers and gold.
Maybe we are honest
