How deep body of a civil defence officer was seen in a deep grave.
The dead body of a woman officer in the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), which has been seen for 18 months, has been seen in a grave undeeded.
Until by the time he was not seen, Josephine Cynthia Inalegwu Onche, was working at the NSCDC office in Otukpo.
Cynthia is in Idoma, and in Otukpo, just missing when they are planning her marriage.
Some of her workers who did not want to write their names said was her family reported that she was not able to find her again when her marriage remained small days.
What was said she was going to the market to buy things as she is preparing for her marriage, but she had not returned home since.
One of the officers of the dead of the dead said while trying to find him away, they did not see him until another man showed them where he was burried.
The okadaman also told the family members that he wanted to marry the children for money.
After the family members and security personnel to arrest the man, the man then took them to the baby who did the ritual in Obi local government, before he walked into the ritual in Obi local governm
When the police arrested the husband and his herbalist in Otukpo, the family of the dead man went out of the body and organised a burial for him on Thursday.
A call or an answer message was sent to him by DSP Catherine Anene, a spokesperson of the Benue police, DSP Catherine Anene, did not greet.
The spokesman of NSCDC in the state, Asc Ejelikwu Micheal did not greet to say anythimg when we met him, he said he would speak when time is coming.
But an insider said the news of the founding of the deadbody was found in the mind of the security people.
In the review of constitution: MURIC says Sharia had been in the SouthWest before Christianity entered.
The collaboration of Muslim Rights Concerns has asked the Penticostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) to stop opposing Muslims and mind them business.
The director of MURIC, Professor Ishaq Akintola, said this on Sunday.
He disclosed this beyond the warning by the PFN that any group should not use the review of a constitution by the Senate to engage shariah law into the south-west.
PFN and other Christian collaborations knew that the Shariah was in the south-west before Christianity entered in 1842.
Shariah was practised in Ede, during the time of Oba Abeeb Olagunju (Abbeb is a Muslim name) and said:
The Shariah Court in Ede was still operating since 1913, in Agbeni in the town.
He was taken to Agbongbon in 1914.
Shariah was used in Iwo during the time of Oba Momodu Lamuye (Muhammad Lamuye), who died in 1906.
Even therefore, the name Akirun of Ikirun, the name Akirun of Ikirun, who was oba Aliyu Oyewole (died in 1912) took Shariah to Ikirun in 1910.
These are an example that shariah has been spreading in Yorubaland, and that the Christian people also know that the Christian people also know that the Christian people also know that the Christian
He said the PFN and some other Christian joint bodies also knew that the sleeping giant is growing in the south west, with fear that the sleeping giant is waking to come.
The Christians know that the Shariah is the right that Allah has been dashed by Muslims.
But they have determined that Muslims would not be allowed to use it, and that is the new way they will be used.
It is in mind that it was a war following Muslim people, and that there was nothing bad in war.
They use both good and bad ways to do what they mind.
They have been calling on Nigerians to follow understanding the mentality of the Christian people here.
As it is for everyone who is quickly vexed, they believe that attacking people, the only way to defend is that.
As perhaps they got from the colonial elites that reached a century at that time, they wanted to keep all the things they could give to them.
They have been in mind that Muslims would be placed in the places where they were chased.
The reviewing constitution committee has asked Nigerians to write their wants in the constitution.
Each group should bring the things needed.
Instead of telling the joinbody what the Christians want, this is what they think they should not ask them.
It was used to block Muslims in the south, but it would not work.
He said when speaking that there is religious tolerance in the south, it is a lie, and they are saying to put Yoruban Muslims into slavery.
Muslims in the region have opened eyes and asked for freedom.
We demand that they should stop for forcing us to wear christian school uniforms, going to christian schools, using christian law.
We want a shariah that not only regulates marriages, inheritance and family affairs.
This does not concern Christians at all.
We will use all the ways that will not cause fight, that will not cause fight, that will not cause fight, to do it, he said.
Stakeholders in Edo have said Obaseki is the partys leader.
While the People's Democratic Party in Edo State has a crisis of who will control the party, member or Edo South of the party, it has been said to be the state governor, Godwin Obasanjo.
Edo South PDP, in a communique issued at the end of the stakeholder meeting at the weekend in Benin city, said Godwin Obaseki was the leader of the party in the country.
In the communiques read by the secretary, Wilson Evbuonwam, he said they supported the harmonization and integration of new people into the executive committee of the party, saying they supported the
Police have arrested suspect to be kidnapper in Abuja, seize guns.
The FCT police command has arrested eight suspected kidnappers at Shenegu-Tunga Maje, Gwagwalada, Kabusa village and Durumi axis of Abuja.
The spokesperson of the comand, ASP Maryam Yusuf, who spoke this in a siddon statement in Abuja, said the names of the suspects were Yakubu Ahmadu, Ibrahim Mallam Musa, said the names of the suspects
She said the suspects were members of a syndicate which also linked to the kidnap attempt on the Vice President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA).
Gwagwalada branch, Barrister David Aigbefoh.
She said the suspect was arrested during a coordinated intelligence operation by policemen from the commands anti-kidnapping squad on Shenegu mountain on the border.
She said the suspects have given good information on their activities in the group.
Yusuf later said a Nwite Jideofor who staged his kidnap from Durumi area, while the suspect confessed that he conived with people who came to kidnap him to collect reach.
She said some of the exhibits received from the suspects were three dane guns, seven cutlas, one Honda Accord painted bleck, four mobile phones and other items.
She said all the suspects would be taken to court when investigation is properly investigated, warning the residents of the FCT, especially parents and guardians to avoid suspects.
Suarez strike, Atletico win La Liga title
The goal scored by Luiz Suarez had made Athletico Mardrid beat Real Valladolid 2-1 on Saturday, making the team another remarkable La Liga victory.
Suarez was crying at the beginning of the seasons seek of Barcelona force him out, but as the season ended, his 21st goal in the season to Athletico win first league title.
Athletico know if they, they will win the trophy, no matter what Madrid do in Villareal at their home.
But it was not comfortable, as Valladolid took early lead.
Real Madrid also were behind in the game, before Karim Benzema equalized in the 87th minute, and Luka Modric scored a late winner of 2-1 at Valdebebas, which hanged Atletico at the top.
When the final whistle was blown, players ran into the field, red and white shirts covered Suarez, seeking that the title race was even more unpredictable.
Suarez Zone
It was just a week small.
This is the Suarez zone, coach Diego Simone said.
And that was when the Uruguayan scored the who kept the title for Athletico hand last weekend, he also scored on the last day again to write their names for the trial.
This is the second time in 17 years another team apart from Barcelona or Real Madrid has won the league, while Athletes still won the other one under Simeone in 2014.
Athletico started the game, on the table since December, and scoring two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna,
But that was not easy for Athletico this season, as they have a 10-point lead in February, and the points reduced to 2 in May, and their position as number one on the table relying on their position
So it is not surprising that while facing Valladolid on the table, there was still a patch patch.
Many Athletico fans have gathered at the Valladolid Plaza Mayor to sing a song, and many fans also reached outside the stadium, where they left them outside the stadium, where they left them without
The killing of Gulak has caused shouts.
People shouted and mourned on Sunday as the barr was killed.
Ahmed Gullak, who was earlier an adviser to former president Goodluck Jonathan on political matters, by gunmen.
Gulak was shot at Obiangwu village in Obiangwu village as he was trying to enter Sam Mbakwe airport in Owerri, capital of Imo state, for traveling to Abuja.
The funeral paryer was held yesterday evening for the politician from Adamawa came into the national mosque in Abuja, after that one his body was burried into Gudu cemetery.
Police officials in Imo State said at least six of the killed All Progressives Congress (APC) members have been killed after their fight.
A statement issued by the Police Public Relations Officer, SP Bala Elkana, said on 30 May, 2021, as police personnel received a call that specialists had killed Ahmed Gulak, a special force.
The instructions were given to the team are that the perpetrators should be arrested and face justice.
The motive that was said to have been killed by Gulak, has been stopped by Imo police personnel since yesterday.
What speaked there, especially the driver of the vehicle in which Gulak was inside, who was taking him to the airport, described the great people, and the vehicles they used to carry them to the airp
The best users were said to be the Toyota Camry in silver color, with a 1998 medel and golden color.
Toyota Hilux, painted white, and a Lexus 330, painted gold.
They did not put registration numbers because security matters
When they knew the killers and the motor they carried out the attack, they later told them the way the killers followed.
With some lead, the team later established where the killers are.
The suspects were arrested in Afor-Enyiogugu local government area.
It was as the great people dustributed onions in trailers that were confisticated.
It was full in the trailer from northern Nigeria.
When they saw the police perpetrators, the protecting their fellow suspects began shooting guns to their fellow suspects.
The gallant and one ready for battle
Police officers also returned with gun shoots.
The six members of the group followed the killing, and four other members of the group were seriously injured.
Three out of the four vehicles attacked by Gulak.
Three Ak47 riffles, a pistol, five AK47 magazines with 92 rounds of live amunation, and criminal charm were received from them.
The identified people were identified as members of IPOB and ESN that have been banned.
The driver of the late Ahmed Gulak, and the surviving victim have identified the dedicated body of the IPOB/ESN members as they were attacked, and the vehicle received as a vehicle.
During the face to face with the suspects, two armored personel carriers belonging to police personnel were scattered, but they did not spoil the finish.
The video made after the attack showed that Gulak weared a jean trouser, a blue shirt as he was sleeping in his own blood, near the abandoned car.
Gulak was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election which took Hope Uzodinma to represent the party.
He was also said to be close to the governor, he was visiting the state.
Why he is in Owerri
Although Gulak was said to be visiting Owerri well since Uzodinma entered, it was to attend the public hearing of review of the constitution held in the city.
As the committee had concluded its sitting, Gulak sat back when other members of the committee left the city on Friday.
A close spokesman of Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, who was chairman of the public hearing held in Owerri, said the deceased private was offered by Kalu after the deceased private was offered by Kalu after
According to the source, the Kalu team left the city the day of the public hearing, but Gulak stayed back, saying he had things to do for the city.
We left Owerri the day of the public hearing commenced and we asked him to join us in our private jet to get enough security with us, the source said.
But he said he had somethimg to do in the city.
Nigerians have been knocked to FG, other politicians concerning the killing
Nigerians on the social media have also put hand in ear to the federal government and police leaders over the killing.
A person who commented on a Facebook link to the story published by Daily Trust, Ifeanyi Maduako, said the death of Gulak was bitter and linked with political challenges.
The killing bittered my mouth.
It is likely to be done in politics, and the people who do, should be open to face.
The killing will expose those behind the security challenges in Imo State.
Who invited him, and why the northerners would be killed in Imo State.
I am fearing what will do innocent Imo people in some days in the hands of security personnel controlled by the north, he wrote.
Another commentator on the thread, Olurombi Micheal Omo, said as police reports have proven that it was a political killing, it should be investigated.
It is thought that police members also have questions to answer to.
On his own part, Comr Hassan Ahmad wrote that the souls of innocent people are more important than the scam called Unity in Nigeria.
We will not accept this illiteracy, enough is enough, we are peacemakers.
But those who pushed us to meet the walls see that we cannot continue with the peace.
I am sending a warning, we will retaliate and worst.
Buhari, you have failed us woefully, and we are facing the Imo police personnel to follow the good people.
Nasiru Inuwa also wrote that It was a wake-up call to the biggest people in the north, starting with innocent Fulani herders, now they have become northern government officials, including presidents
Secretary of the unsupported IPOB collaboration, Emma Powerful, in a statement said IPOB should not be linked to the murder of Gulak, she said to kill politicians in the murder of Gulak.
Therefore, IPOB did not know anythimg about the killing.
To begin with itself, how Gulak was taking threatening our mission which had warranted us to kill him.
We have nothing with him, and we have not killed him.
Pointing hand for IPOB in such a barbaric act is just to divert attention away from the real people of it.
This is the same way terrorists in security uniforms are taking committing atrocities in the south east and come to the IPOB for crime, because they want to spoil our resources.
This is an opportunity that has been found for a long time to commence another special military operation in the Eastern region to take more innocent Biafrans.
Instead of properly investigating on the incident and the causes of it, the IPOB has been faced over non-crimes.
Does IPOB have the information on the movement of the late Gulak to be stopped on the airport road?
The group said security officials first investigate the host of Gulak, Hope Uzordinma, and his political opponents, to establish if they are involved.
Those who killed Gulak would not escape punishment.
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that those who killed Gulak and other problems in our country would not go free.
President Buhari, in a statement issued by spokesperson, Garba Shehu, expressed outrage and disgust over the heinous murder.
The president, who showed that the incident made him sad, said: I am repulsed by the gruesome murder of Gulak who was premeditated by evil people, who have been detrimentated by evil people, who have
Let me also warn that nobody, or a colleague who does such despicable things will expect to go free.
We will use everythimg we have to see that people who do such calous and criminal things will face justice.
Akeredolu said the killing of Gulak was unacceptable, said Akeredolu.
Governor of Ondo State, Olwarotimi Akeredolu, described the news of the killing as shocking and disturbing.
In a statement signed by the Governor himself, he said this was a murder too many and senseless and wicked.
The people who do such bad things are the enemies of the country.
The corner-corner way is to mislead, confuse and destroy.
He has the unmistakable, despicable imprints of fifth columnists bent on setting the country on the path of conflagration.
They must not be allowed to succeed.
We want to use this medium to tell our brother, Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzordinma that we are with him.
We urge him and other Governors in South Eastern states to brace up and confront the security challenges to end bloodbath in their land.
The enemies of the people use the weapons of fear to create disaffection.
The coward act is to instigate Nigerians to face each other, facing northerners to face Igbo people living outside the South East.
We must face the enemies of the people, to see that we left power in their hands.
This is not time to argue who knows politics.
We shouldn't allow bandits to spoil the legitimacy of this government at all levels.
We are calling on all security personnel to collaborate to ensure that the sponsors of the criminals and those who are acting terorists.
They are severely punished.
Fintiri is mourning
The Governor of Adamawa State, Umara Ahmadu Fintiri, has said the killing of Gulak shocked him, saying he was a former speaker in Adamawa State.
Governor Fintiri said the death was painful, how wicked people take wicked to reach.
Governor Fintiri said Late Gulak was a witty, determined, and practical politician, who as he took rise, was a result of his hardwork.
It is unfortunate that the death has been received from us.
Hon Ahmed Gulak in such a gruesome manner.
Gulak is a lively politician who follows everyones work and always has the interest of the country in his mind.
Remembering his interaction with late Gulak, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri said he was a brother and mentor, and seek of a lawter, a human rights fighter.
Madagali community loses better son
In a statement released by Chief Press Secretary Hunwashi Wanisoukou in Yola yesterday, the governor said the country has lost one of the strong persistent persons in the country.
We all remember how passionate he fighted for those who had been sent out of home, and people without means.
ACF condemns the killing
Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) has condemned the killing of Gulak, saying a huge loss for our country.
The ACF in a statement carried out by the national publicity secretary, Emmanuel Yawe, said they were sad to hear the killing of Gulak, described as a politician who was described as a politician who
If you like it, or you don't like it, that's your business.
May God bless him and give his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to bear the loss.
The killing was part of a plan to repeat the 1966 CNG coup in the 1966 CNG.
The Coalition for Northern Groups (CNG) has described the killing of northern politician Ahmed Gulak, a political adviser to former president Goodluck Jonathan, as a political adviser to former presi
The CNG in a statement signed by a spokesperson Abdul-Azeez Suleiman said this is why the northern part of the country cannot live with the southeast as a country.
Westhams hope to reach the top-four has spoiled with losing to Everton.
Westhams hope to reach the top-four has been spoiled because they did not play well against Everton hoping to enter the European League on Sunday.
The goal scored by Dominic Caivert-Lewin in the 24th minute of their game shows that they are determined to win Westham who have made mouth finished to score in a serious win.
The closest Westham reached to equalize was when Vladmir Coufal shot a bar and Jerron Bowenno couldn't hit him back to the post upon hitting him back into the goal post from the goal post.
Supporters of Vice-president Yemi Osinbajo have shown that they are still back while showcasing him as a presidential candidate in the presidential election.
He does not say he wants to be president, Osinbajo said.
Vice-president Osinbajo said all the little statements he plans to be president in the 2023 Presidential Election are distraction.
Unconfirmed story that Osinbajo eyes at Presidents post in the land
The vice-president, Laolu Akande, said Vice-president had yet to declare his interest to be president in a statement on Monday.
The Vice-presidents office has put their eyes in a Website body.
SupportOsinbajo.ng urges Nigerians to join a volunteer group to support Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, in preparation for the 2023 presidential election.
Details of the website and how they beg have been full WhatsApp including the fact that Osinbajo has declared interest in the 2023 election.
The vice presidents office has no connection with the group or the website for it and they feel that the whole thing is not necessary.
Prof Osinbajo has yet said he wants to be president in the 2023 election, while focusing on working as Vice President of the current administration to face serious matters in the country.
We are asking our people to stop all the challenges, facing the challenges that face us as Nigerians, to face the challenges that face us as Nigerians, to do well for our people, to do well for our p
Ndidi and Iheanacho have made Nigeria proud again for Leicester City playing with the countrys flag showing off, while their team won the FA Cup.
NFF congratulates Ndidi Iheanacho for the FA cup win at Leicester City.
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF)
Mr Amaju Melvin Pinnick, Mr Amaju Melvin Pinnick, has sent a message to congratulate Super Eagles midfielder Wilfred Ndidi and Forward Kelechi Iheanacho for their win in Leicester City against their
FA Cup final in England
The two of them were in the march at Wembley and celebrated after the march with a Nigerian flag as they joined the list of the other seven Nigerian players who won the England Cup.
I am very happy for Ndidi and Iheanacho.
They worked well for Leicester City throughout the campaign and both they and their team deserved the honor.
I believe this win will work as high morale for them during the friendly march this summer and the FIFA World Cup starting in September.
I was also happy with the Nigerian Flag that two of them celebrated when everything comes.
That was awesome!
Ndidi and Iheanacho also are the second pair of Nigerians who celebrated the FA Cup win in England, that was after Nwankwo Kanu and John Utaka won in Portsmouth.
Before that, Daniel Amokachi won Everton in 1995; Celestine Babayaro also won Chelsea in 1995; Celestine Babayaro also won Chelsea in 2000, Kanu for Arsenal in 2002 and John Mikel Obi for Chelsea.
After Kanu/Utaka wins in 2008, John Mikel Obi won again for Chelsea in 2009, 2010 and 2012, Alex Iwobi won at Arsenal in 2017, Victor Moses also won in 2018.
When I was at the Federal Government College in Enugu in the early 70s, the train I used to transport myself from Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokovic warms up for Roland Garros with Belgrade title
Novak Djokovic completed his warm-up with success at Roland Garros when he beat Slovakian Alex 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday in the final of the ATP Clay tournament in Belgrade.
This is the second event in the city for over one month when fans came to the city, which was not like the Serbia Open in April when the stadium was dry.
Djokovic said he had been playing in the front of the peoples front, Belgrades who lost the semifinal of the Serbia Open in 2011.
The herder-farmer problem in Nigeria has become a face of news every day.
To end Nigerias herder-farmer problem: The Livestock Reform Plan
Nigerias federal and state governments are struggling to implement a National Livestock Transformation Plan to control cattle movement throughout the country.
Many state governments have endorsed it, but it is facing some challenges.
Political leadership working well, perception about its purposes, increased budget constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and experts who are not aware of the country.
If the plan fails as like the other plans to modernise livestock management, the farmers and herders fight will increase.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Council in January 2019, which was approved by the National Economic Council in January 2019, was approved to represent the most understanded efforts to
The main part of the strategy is to control where grazing is occurring, in order to reduce the fight between herders and farmers.
The movement hopes that after 10 years, herders who are walking up and down mainly get interested in putting their cattle into ranches and reserves for public grazing, where they will be intended to
By the end of 2028, the authority plans to have built about 119 ranches in all the states involved, and to create about two million jobs in the country.
The President Muhammadu Buhari administration made the plan after a period where herders and farmers were fighting, participarly when the fight was too much and affected pipelines.
The Federal Government, who intends to drop about 80 percent of the Transformation proposal submitted by the involved states, is taking the first step to reduce the national economic challenges.
Several states have been reactivating demarcated grazing reserves, opening offices and set up a steering committee to manage the plans.
The authorities have been doing workshops and other works to teach people the benefits of livestock reform.
As two years out of the 10-year plan, they have not been able to build any ranch and their obstacles are many.
Opposition from the herders, though it is more from the Fulani people, it is still among the farmers who don't want to pastolists to enjoy the benefits of the pastolists.
There has been a lot of distrust in the Middle Belt, where fight between farmers and herders was too much because of land, even though peacemaking and efforts taken by the military are taking.
There have been shortages in both federal and state government budgets, a little part is due to the pandemic and lack of technical experts that know the resources of the country.
In many states, especially in the North-West, the way criminal gangs and groups of armed groups are growing spoiling access to grazing reserves and making people wanting to live in the country.
Unless something is done about it, this problem and other problems may delay or spoil the plan, which will make the country helpless when the fight between farmers and herders begins.
To tackle this, it is important for the federal and State authorities to collaborate with donors and investors.
First, Abuja and other supported states supporting him provide stronger political leadership, and increase their communications with the public in order to enable them to enable the public.
This is commonly common on pastoralists on the side of pastoralists, who ask them to change their nomadic lifestyle with their people for centuries, who also have serious doubts about what they have
But many farmers are fearing that they will lose their land to producers of livestock.
Many people in the Middle Belt and other states in the South are still suspecting the plans long-term goals, which are seen as an opportunity for herders and the Fulani people to participate.
With the support from Abuja and other partners, state governments need to find experts, who know technical aspects of things, especially managing the process.
Federal and State governments should also increase their budgets for the plan, release the funds quickly and create financial transparency to ensure that everything is according to the plan.
It is also important to deal with insecurities in the rural areas, curbing impunity and rehabilitating communities that the fight affected seriously in the state.
Authorities must consider weather change issues and decide if herders from other countries sometimes will benefit from the plan.
While some of these steps take time, the planners should focus on how to bring a strong result in a small time.
Less than two years from now, the country will hold general elections.
If the plan will survive the change of the following government, politicians must bring clear proof that it has benefits (Changes are certain, as President Buhari and many states including many state
By the time champaigns for elections have been hot at the 2022 ending, the people backing the plan should show some of the ranches built or the reserves repaired.
Nothing in this thing is easy but the plan worth the effort.
Not only perfect, but it brings a chance to change Nigerias livestock system with a strategy to address what both herders and small-scale farmers.
About 70 percent of Nigerians working in the country get money from agriculture.
Modernising the livestock sector will boost the countrys prosperity and at the same time, it is a huge way to solve one of Nigerias dangerous issues.
As it is time for the 2023 election, both federal and state authorities must do quickly to create such a moment that people will see what they are doing, or else all their work to create such a momen
This is an executive summary of the report on the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) and how their work worked, published by the International Crisis Group.
The most challenge I had with the king
Do you do not agree?
They are responsible for very high proportions in food and crop production.
Subsistence farmers are the smallholders who consume the majority of their farm output that have been held back to not participate actively in commercially oriented products.
No energy for nobody who is not happy for me.
I have it.
This brought me to a conclusion that everyone is evil.
This system has been characterised as complex, diverse and risk-prone.
Farms are usually small, done under traditional or informal tenure, and is done under marginal risk-prone environments.
Yields are low and farmers are lacking the capacity to increase yields.
We said life and prosperity on this day.
Waya your aza
The emphasis is focused on agricultural productivity, production enhancement and commercialising farming as an enterprise.
I knew everythimg.
Akpos and his friends sat down, saying.
The yields of the smallholder farmers are profitable.
You are coming.
These challenges have led to many smallholder farmers, to pursue livelihoods at lower-risk and lower-yielding agricultural activities.
You are a witch?
I am on my road to know I am going to buy food suff.
I should go to call my father.
As developing countries grow larger, richer, and more urban, the intensification of agricultural production will occur in rapidly changing agri-food value chains.
Aw far what supposed me to come here.
This development shifts the competitive advantage away from petty farmers.
It is important that we find a solution to the problem.
This will require an intergrated approach of methodologies.
The loan sharks are on his neck.
This is a simple thing.
I was sent errands in where I was working.
The water has flooded the whole farm.
Farmers many battles in 2020
For many farmers and other stakeholders in the agro-sector, the year 2020 will remain as one of the worse years in the history of Nigeria because it introduced new dynamic systems for farmers and oth
There are many challenges confronting the agricultural sector ranging from climate change-related issues, conflicts and the complications that have been exacerbated in the agricultural sector.
First, the COVID-19 lockdown and restrictions occurred at the time dry season farmers should begin harvesting their crops and wet season farmers should begin cultivation.
Many farmers cannot go to their farms while others have labourers to harvest their farms since mechanization is a huge challenge and manual harvest, the problem.
Movement restrictions have been introduced to curb the spread of the Coronavirus in locked-down markets that have disrupted the rural economy.
Many farmers cannot sell their produce to enable them to buy seed and fertilizer, pay labourers/tractor services.
Even when the lockdown was lifted in the agricultural sector, the price of fertilizer has risen so many smallholders could not afford it.
In some places the price has risen up to N13,000 for a bag of Indorama and Notore Urea.
NPK 15-15-15 had increased to N25,000 when the federal government NPK20-10-10 under the presidential fertilizer initiative, which was supposed to be sold for farmers at N5000 did not sell for farmers
For farmers in Zamfara, Katsina, southern Kaduna, some parts of Kebbi and Sokoto states, bandits activities not only deny them access to their farms but the men also deny them access to their farms
Many farming communities were razed down.
They kidnapped people and demanded ransom.
Many people paid a large sum of money or surrendered large portions of their harvest to the bandits.
Many villages in those states have become desolate.
The agric sector has witnessed one of the worst disasters when one of the worst disasters when flood wiped out 450,000 hectares of rice and maize fields estimated at over Nigeria.
Many of the affected farmers are yet to be compensated as their livelihoods have destroyed.
The flood has worsened since the 2012 disaster which wrecked havoc across most of Nigeria's coastal and flood-prone areas, killing people and washing away farmland.
Meanwhile, as the flood brought pain for farmers hearts up in the North, and drought confronted farmers down south.
For two months, farmers did not have joy but watched as their investments in crops had withered away.
It is not a disguise.
Another subsector where the issue hit badly was poultry and feeds.
The scarcity of maize at the beginning caused maize prices increase.
He has also forced the Poultry Association of Nigeria to send an appeal to the federal government for urgent attention.
The federal government has responded to the appeal and released 5,000 metric tons of maize from the nations strategic reserve for farmers in addition to granting some of them to farmers.
However, this is just a short-term solution because three months later, the scarcity of soyabean struck, which made the farmers expressing their fear that by January 2021, the production of soyabean
The scarcity resulted in a serious feed crisis in the industry as prices rose from N2,600 in February to about N5,500.
The poultry industry has lost an estimate of N7 million jobs with figures of projects reaching 10 million by January 2021 while the loss in investments was estimated to be N7 million by January 2021
While the poultry farmers are still struggling with the challenges that mark the sector, the crop farmers despite the daunting challenges that confronted the sector in the 2020 farming year.
This is the first time the price of grain did not come down during harvest time, sparking fear of hunger and the call for reopening the border, which would be reopened.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower.
Top 3,000 youths to benefit from NALDA's farm estate in Ebonyi
The National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA) has said the agency would engage at least 3,000 youths in Ebonyi State in its proposed intergrated farm estates.
The intergrated farm estates will be completed and commissioned by October this year.
The executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, who announced it on Tuesday said the proposed integrated farm estate would be established on 104 hectares of land.
Prince Ikonne, also in Ebonyi State, on a courtesy visit to the governor on Monday, Engr David Umahi, said the intergrated farm estate would be completed on October 2.
This is the mandate for Mr President, to reactivate abandoned farms and develop new ones for security.
The Governor of Ebonyi State is eager.
He was in total support of achieving his dreams.
Therefore, Ebonyi State has committed to work with NALDA to engage the teeming youths into full agricultural productivity.
We have seen that the governor has keyed into Mr Presidents agenda which concerns achieving food security in the country.
We are establishing an intergrated farm estate in Ebonyi State as we do in other states.
The scheme will engage Nigerians and will draw their attention to agriculture.
From Jude Owuamanam (Owerri), Lami Sadiq (Kaduna), Bola Ojuola (Akure), Abdullateef Salau, Muideen Olaniyi, Abbas Jimoh & Idowu Isamotu.
New President in Niger Republic seeks terrorist eye on crimes committed.
Niger Republic new President Mohammed Bazoum has put hand in terrorists barbaric acts passing limits after entering power on Friday in a country facing widespread challenges.
Bazoum said the groups are killing many innocent people, and by that, they are committing real war crimes.
He said the leadership of the groups comes from other countries, saying they are just attacking Niger for nothing.
No terrorist leader has had any vex with the country.
Bazoum, 61-year-old, was elected in two rounds that took place in December and February.
Right hand spokesman of Mahamadou Issoufou, 68 years, stepped down by himself after spending two fove year terms in office.
His inauguration was the first time elected leaders were handovered to each other in Nigers history for over 60 years of independence, but the attacks from the jihadist jihadists over 60 years of ind
Niger is suffering a closely conected insurgency of Al-Qaeda or Islami State (IS), entering west from Burkina Faso and Mali, and from Nigeria as Boko Haram is engaging.
There have been more than 300 people killed in three attacks in the west since the beginning of the year.
The most recent were when 141 members of the Tuareg community were killed on March 21, in Tahoua, a big desert entering Mali.
Bazoum said the effort of the Niger Rebellic under him as the president would focus on Mali.
He said the current situation in Mali had a direct impact on the security of their country.
Insurgents linked to IS have their bases in Menaka and Gao, in eastern and central Mali, as Bazoum said.
He said the fight would be very difficult as long as Mali as a country has no full charge over the region.
In early hours in Wednesday, after shooting guns near the presidency in Niamey, the government said they had stopped the coup.
He described the act as an act of a coward and regressive treath to democracy and state of the law.
The West African country has suffered four coups, the most recent in February 2010, and oustering President Mamadou Tandja.
Google may leave Australia
Google has carried a threat to Australia to leave its search engine within the country, as the country has asked them to share gains with publishing newspapers.
Australia wants to introduce the law that is the first of its kind as they want Google, Facebook, and other tech companies to pay newspapers for their content.
But the US firms have fighted back, warning that they may leave their services in the country.
Prime Minister in Australia, Scott Morrison said lawmakers would not listen to any threats.
Although Australia is not one of the biggest places Google is marketing things, this proposed news code could be a global test of how the government will begin to regulate its products.
This code in Australia will tie Google and Facebook, to negotiate with publishers over the worth of news content if they cannot reach an agreement at the beginning.
Managing Director of Google in Australia, Mel Silva told a senate siddon statement on Friday that the law would not work.
She said if this version of the code is passed to become law, Google would not have any choice than packing it out of Australia.
But lawmakers were attacked by lawmakers, saying Google wants to do what Google wants to do in Australia in the seek of raising the reform.
It will rech everywhere in the world.
Should you come at every market, you will leave?
Senator Rex Patrick asked if the precedence was stopped, Senator Rex Patrick asked Senator Rex Patrick.
Silva replied that the code is a untenable risk for operations in Australia.
Morrison said his government was committed to making the law to be progressed through parliament this year.
I should say clearly: Australia makes a rule of what you can do within Australia.
We are doing that in our parliament, he told newsmen on Friday.
Why is Australia pushing for such laws?
Google is the dominant search engine in Australia, and the government has been described as an essential utility without any market competition.
The governments argument is that because the tech giant has a customer among those who want to read news, they should pay amounts that are good to newsroom for journalism.
In addition, they argue that financial support is necessary or the embattled news industry because strong media is vital to democracy.
According to the government, print media in Australia has suffered a 75% reduction in costs since 2005.
The toughest threat that Google said to remove its entire search engine was the toughest threat.
The lawmakers said news only accounts for 12.5 per cent of the searches taken by Google in Australia.
Poultry farmers have been begging to start importing animal grade maize and soya meals.
General Secretary of the South West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN), Dr. Olalekan Odunsi, has called on the government to facilitate the import of animal graduation.
Odunsi said the importation would save the poultry business from collapse, Odunsi said.
He said the importation of feed grade maize would sustain the over 500 million layers, 100 million broilers, 1 million breeders and other classes of poultry until next harvest.
He also urged governments to, for the main time, export processed soya, seed and soya bean meals that have been exported to the country.
He urged governors in the region to put efforts in the production of maize as they do in the production of rice.
Odunsi pointed that maize farmers, soya bean farmers and the others in Nigeria need to collaborate to take work.
He said if government did not intervene, that scarcity and high prices of maize and soya would threaten another five million poultry jobs if government does not do anythimg about it.
Today, maize is sold at 210,000/MT in most states in the South West, while most states in the South West are 240,000/MT.
With the two items importance, the price of poultry feed has just been increasing from N2750 to N3000 in April N2020 to N4850 to N5300 now.
In December, most farmers cannot sell them broilers because the cost of production is less than what an ordinary Nigerian can buy.
Presently, eggs are over what average person can buy, the price is around 1,300.
So we really need to intervene to save the remaining ten million jobs in the poultry value chain of the economy.
According to him, he said.
Suspended rep supporting Buhari in APC
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has suspended the member of the House of Representatives representing Kazaure federal constituency in Jigawa State, Muhammad Gudaji.
In addition, a panel consisting of seven members has been formed to probe the allegations of insurbordination charged by the members, including making recommendations in the countryside.
The committee was headed by Hamza Dand, who was secretary.
In the letter of suspension of the lawmaker, the local government chairman of the local government, claimed that decision to suspend Gudaji was his constituent people in Kazau.
Our correspondent reports that the lawmaker was suspended because of criticising the governor, that the governor would change the candidate the people want for the chairman.
Serena cruises to teenager Pigato in Parma WTA
Serena Williams was brushed aside the challenge of local teenager Lisa Pigato in the opening round of the WTA tournament in Parma on Monday.
Williams, a world-ranked number of the world, beat Pigato ranked 572 and making her WTA debut 6-3, 6-2, in the first meeting between the two of them.
How North-Central govs can optimize open grazing ban from South APC leader
As open grazing controversy has trended into public domain, hit by Southern governors hit with bans during a meeting in Asaba, the president, Farmers Empowerment Committee, Farmers Empowerment Commit
Recently, the governors of the Southern State met in Asaba, Delta State, banning open grazing to cut the farmers-herders crisis, including other forms of criminal crime.
What are your statements on the controversy generated by this decision?
Every human being has a right to action and opinion.
But the most important thing is that once you take your own action, you know the consequences.
You should consider the advantages and disadvantages.
I am not one of those who will say good or bad.
As a Nigerian, it is your right and liberty to live anywhere within the country with good faith and enjoy the freedom of association.
On this basis, I will not tell you what is a good thing.
But as a leader in the North Central, I will say it is a good thing, especially in the North Central zone, based on the potential economic benefits for us and the nation.
The ban is an advantage to us.
We need to tap into it and see how we can make it a real venture and make money from it.
Luckily for us, we have a landmass enough to accommodate the herders, no matter the number of troops from the South to the North Central.
What is your position about open grazing?
I am not one of the people who support open grazing.
I believe more in ranching because I did.
I believe if we begin ranching, it will work out for us.
Governors in North Central should allow the national programme on ranching.
This kind of moves can make North Central the most popular place for cattle, where people can buy cows and some allied products.
It will become a means of economic empowerment for the north central people.
We have the land that southern states might not have.
See in Kogi, Niger, Kwara, among other states.
We can give the herders houses and ranches to our own advantage.
The challenges following the Fulani herders are not because they don't want to adopt ranching.
The problem is that they are not really educated on the advantages.
Their culture is nomadic.
As a result, they need good education to accept ranching.
We can also adopt the method in Kenya, where almost all families have cows, but you cannot see open grazing, as cows take much there reach.
This is what the southern governors are saying.
The governors do not show where they belong in this regard.
They do not call for ranching or for the federal government.
What they say is that the herder people have become a problem for us, and they should leave them.
Herders should apply for land, saying herding is a personal business.
But have people asked to apply for land like the herders?
As one of those who joined in youth empowerment, especially in agriculture and value chains, why do some government policies really work, what is the way out?
Firstly, no other administration has been touched and able to touch the lives of individuals like one of President Muhammadu Buhari, where you can sit at your house without problems and without probl
There are also some credit facilities called COVID-19 loans.
Many Nigerians have been collecting the loan for several hundreds of thousands of naira from inside of their houses without going to offices.
Also, with some SMEs like the Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOA) and the remaining.
The challenge is that we have two sides, those who will believe you and those who will not.
So, for those who don't believe in the administration of Buhari, nothing has benefits.
But for us who believe in Buhari, we are benefiting, and we thank God for him.
Kidnappers kill driver, kill 13 in Nasarawa
Adamu Usman has been killed, 13 suspects have been killed by kidnappers near Shafa-Abakpa-Umaisha road in Toto Local Government Council of Nasarawa State.
Daily Trust gathered that he was shot three times in his abdomen and died around 9pm at the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital where he and another driver, Atahiru Abukwo were dead.
Another driver who narrowly escaped the attack, Ibrahim Saidu said the incident happened around 5pm on Tuesday, when several kidnappers with AK47 came from the bush to wayland.
According to him, the kidnappers waylayed the vehicle and shot guns in a vehicle transporting people from Ugya to Abaji.
He said the kidnappers were surrounding the vehicle after the drivers lost control of their drive into the bush.
Other 13 passengers including a year-old woman were killed into the bush while they pointed guns to them.
In fact, you were driving behind the four motors, God saved me to take someone to one of the villages.
When I was coming, I heard that they were shooting guns, so I turned back.
The Ohimegye of Opanda-Umaisha, His Royal Majesty (HRM), Usman Abdullahi, said some bandits remaining in the forest were responsible for kidnapping of travelers.
He said some bandits are still remaining and activising terror in the community, appealing to the state and federal governments to collaborate to flush them out.
When contacted the spokesman of the Nasarawa State police command, ASP Ramhan Nansel, he said he had not been told anythimg about the latest kidnap incident, saying he was not aware of the latest kid
Man followed one way in Lagos
The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of a Victor Ebhomenyen seeking to drive following a way at Four Point Hotel, Oniru in Lagos State.
Ebhomenyen also assaulted and caused severe injuries in ASP Erhator Sundays body at Four Point Hotel, Oniru, Lagos.
This is coming in a statement published by Lagos Police Command spokesman, CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, in a statement published by Lagos Police Command spokesman, CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi.
He said the command told the command to set the record straught concerning.
The incident which was recorded in a video that entered the internet on social media came viral on Saturday April 17.
He said two men were assaulted by ASP Erhator Sunday, an officer on duty, and created a scene on road at Oniru, Victoria Island, Lagos State.
Adejobi said the prime suspect, Victor, had entered the police net at the State Criminal Investigation Department, Panti, for investigation and prosecution as and when due.
He said the command has been making efforts to arrest the suspects of the suspects, Etinosa.
Gbajabiamila welcomes Ayade takes defect, PDP urges members to stay unite
The Speaker in the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, has shown happy as the Governor of Cross River State, Prof. Ben Ayade, took defect into the Assembly Committee.
Gbajabiamila in a statement on Thursday issued by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, said Ayades actions have shown that the APC are the main party of the country.
The Speaker said the Cross River State governor had taken the correct decision and had shown a better example for the remaining to follow.
He said the ruling party remains open for all, calling Nigerians to join the APC to move the country forward.
The Speaker said the APC would continue to be just and fair to all its members.
Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), while reacting to the defect by Ayade, urged members in Cross River State to stay unite.
In a statement issued by the partys spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, our party calls on all critical stakeholders and teeming members of our party in the countryside.
The PDP wishes Governor Ayade well in his new political development as well as in his future endeavours.
The forensic Bill passed by the National Assembly: It is relevant to the fight against corruption by Buhari.
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on Wednesday 19th
May 2021 in the House of Representatives and Tuesday 2nd
March 2021 in the Senate made history when it was passed into law, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill, 2021 (SB.615 and HB).
It was read for the Third Time in both Chambers (SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES).
This act is a clear demonstration of the patriotism and direct response of the National Assembly, which was targeted, including strengthening and re-invigorating national frontiers.
As passed this bill, the 9th Assembly under the distinguished and able leadership of His Excellency, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, PhD, CON and Rt Hon Femi Gbajabiala
And this also attests to the fact that the National Assembly has waken to the performance of its complementary role with other arms of Government in the fight against corruption.
I wrote with a happy mind and with a deep sense of gratitude that I wrote this, which has been put together as a platform for us to let Nigerians and indeed the whole world know what the country has
After the Senate passed the Bill, and in view that we operate in bi-cameral legislature, the House of Representatives is always ready and resilient, under the authority of the Senate.
Femi Gbajabiamila, Hon.
The speaker also passed the Bill on Wednesday 19th May, 2021.
As you have ever heard before, the Bill to establish the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (CIFIPN) is among the bills we have adopted.
The sad thing is that those who should be putting mouth in the fight against corruption in Nigeria attacked the bill, they have become their enemies in common ood.
Good thing is a good thing, no substitute, it is also a bad thing.
No matter how long it takes, good always prevails over bad just as the light superior over darkness becomes constant and unquestionable.
It is important that we see a little of how it happened in the National Assembly.
It is interesting that, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (Est) Bill 2021 (CIFIPN) was the 9th Senate first passed into law on the criminal investigation
It is very important for the public to know that (CIFIPN) is not just a noble body but a new one in Nigeria targeted to bridge the gap that has been made for long time in Nigeria.
Today, the goal is to have a standard body that will regulate the practices of forensics in Nigeria on its peak and challenge the few anti-government practices.
This bill passed by the National Assembly, shows clearly that they demonstrate that they are patriotic and the need to strengthen national efforts against corruption, which has started to strengthen
This good step into legislation, taken by the two Chambers of the National Assembly, is historic and symbolic, happening at a time Nigeria is needing legislation.
That will give a better way for his anti-corruption drive as the spate of criminal and corruption rising across the globe.
As we all know, crime has entered another level as science and technology has improved in the 21st century.
Therefore, the passing of the bill was good and happened at a good time, plus it shows clearly that we have flexible and responsive legislature that knows the things that are happening in the country
Let us also note that the journey into the passing of the bill to be turned to law, has started since the 8th National Assembly, where Distinguished Senator Ahmed Ahmed was led by the Distinguished S
For better understanding, when we were introduced our bill into the two chambers during the 8th Assembly, there was a public hearing which carried everyone along in the chamber.
Thereafter, and because of minority stakeholders opposed it, the bill was led by the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), the National Assembly passed the bill, the National Assembly
Afterward, the bill was forwarded to the President to put in place, but was not put in place before the 8th Assembly was scattered in June 2019.
On this strength the bill was brought about the 9th National Assembly, Distinguished Senator Abdullahi A. Yahaya, the current Leader of the Senate, in view of as he was involved in the process of the
We are pushing to make this clarification in order to clear the air on the cheap cheap propaganda by people who distract us saying the 8th Assembly has rejected our bill.
Also, we should mention the fact that our bill has been mistaken with another similar bill introduced in both the Senate and House of Representatives Committee.
These bills, as we have scrutinized with a close eye, we discovered that they just copied our intentions and the things that our bill stands for.
We should draw heart that any of the bills were not introduced into the 8th Assembly, only our bills.
As such, we are the first to pass a bill like this (Forensic).
As we have seen that it is very urgent to establish such a great institute.
The decision to establish the Institute was made after studying how the Institute is operating in other jurisdictions and how they have helped crime detection.
It is part of instruction to know that our Institute has been operating since 2009.
And over the years, we have trained professionals to know forensic science technology, targeted at inculcating the requisite skills in the pragmatic areas of the country.
Forensic analysis should be taken to eliminate material misstatements, whether by error or fraud; voice recognition analysis; fingerprint/signature analysis; digital footage analysis; digital footage
You will follow me reason that in the countryside world we are today, the normal way of investigating crime, on the one way we want to stop it has become old somethimg.
As such, when we as a country should do somethimg that has a meaning in this matter, it paramounts that we follow global trends and new innovations, which are put in ground in the country.
This is where we take reason to establish this Institute with good objectives that is relevant to the anti-corruption agenda of this administration.
It is not too long time for me to speak about everything in the bill here.
However, I want you to allow me to mention a few of what the Bill will do, for the purpose of this statement, such as:
To establish the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals in Nigeria, to develop and train professionals in this specialised field, as well as professionals in this specialised
To provide a platform for training and retraining of people who want to become professionals on how to use Forensic Science and Technology tools and techniques.
Promoting high professional standards, ethics and etiquettes among the employees, in a bid to cut fraudulence and corruption, and as well develop a mechanism for financial enforcement.
To fill the huge vacuum that exists in our normal system of investigation with the introduction of a unique operation of forensic science to help the country to investigate the country.
To develop broad-based mechanisms and training programmes that will cut across all the strategies of our investigation architecture, involving professionals such as Lawyers, Criminal Advocates, Advoc
This will enhance effective plus efficient disposition of cases as it is done; and enhance the effective plus efficient disposition of cases as it is done; and enhance the effective plus efficient di
To enhance an anti-fraud mechanism in Nigeria, through the provision of a legal framework for the professional development and discipline of forensic and investigative professionals.
From the foregoing, it has shown that the role of this Institute is strategic and important.
It is also important to say that forensic science is a very wide and involves many others, and it requires effective and efficient regulation to attain.
The broad spectrum of the scopes and focal points of the Institute, includes but not only forensic toxicology; forensic investigation; forensic auditing; digital forensics and technology.
Accordingly, you agree that our Institute has brought unique concepts into crime detection and investigation following international best practices.
The concept beyond myopic people taking things about our bills has covered their sense of things, due to narrow-mindedness and inordinate desire to monopolise a system, which has been constructively
On a lighter note, I want to draw the attention of everyone to the funny scenario that is playing out now, and as a matter of fact, it should be a source of concern for all better governments.
When the introduction of the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill was introduced in the 8th National Assembly, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nig
However, as our bill has been introduced in this 9th National Assembly, and as we have seen the overwhelming and accelerated legislative support of the two Chambers in this 9th National Assembly, and
One can ask, what has changed between now and the past, where ICAN has the view that any other Institute should not be regulating the practices of forensic science?
Your answer is the same thing with my own.
I would also like to inform you that the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), is also part of this episode.
Which was initiated and promoted by ANAN, just as the ICAN counterparts, they have also introduced a bill in the House of Representatives in the same structure with the same structure with the
I decided to speak all the facts that made Nigerian people and even the international community to understand the extent to which some people may go to achieve them.
However, this development did not disturb us at all, because we believe in the credibility and ability of the National Assembly and also for the Presidency to do the right things, making the correct
ICAN is the practical and antagonist of this bill and we are seeing the reason now.
Several bystanders were engaged into writing petitions, even targeted the leadership in the Senate, which sounded like bleckmail.
With failure in the Senate, the antagonists shifted attention to the House of Representatives with the same bystanders as they just wrote many publications.
And again, they failed.
Ordinarily according to legislative procedure, a bill passed by the Senate only needs concurrence by the House except when there is observation.
But in the case of the CIFIPN Bill, the people who were against it fighted until truth won on the 19th day of May, 2021 when the House of Representatives passed the Bill establishment of the National
ICAN has registered its own Bill in the House of Representatives titled  (REPEALING AND RE-ENACTMENT OF ICANS ACT).
The new Bill brought by the ICA contains full provisions for taking practice of forensic, including the establishment of a forensic university in Nigeria and without it, Nigeria cannot be established
This wants to be strange in the ear in a country with many open-eyed people.
The most appealing thing was that Nigeria was not a Banana Republic.
It does not matter the level of corruption.
We have been challenging as the House of Representatives passed the bill.
We should note that, while challenging the bill not only for a bad belle, but because we are certain that the purpose of the bill is to stop presidential assent under the title of the Act of 1995 and
We will not agree to deceive us and the Nigerian people with deceive.
You will remember how the ICA took an open eye opposition of the CIFIPN and in a publication sponsored by the Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria led by Engr.(Chi).
Olumuyiwa Alade on 24th May, 2019 made a lot of efforts to tell us that the law enabling ICAN has given its power to do forensics and to pass the CIFIPN Bill would be like them.
The question is, what has changed?
The same law with the ICAN which ICAN has told the public that it has forensics and seeks to re-enact it.
As always, without opposing any group proposing to include forensics in the law, our concern is that a body should not try to perpetuate itself.
ICAN and their cohorts have realised their inability to stop the passage of CIFIPN.
So they want to have a union for themselves.
They are fearing checks and balances, they will not want to want another professional body to investigate their activities because they know what they do to the economy of this nation.
How do they want to judge their own cases by themselves?
This sounds strange.
On this note, we are calling on the National Assembly to beware of the way this group has, they are not supposed to talk from both sides of their mouths, and expect to expect the response.
Once again, we want to appreciate the commit put by the 9th Assembly to ensure the passage of the Bill, Nigerians have known that this administration is ready to fight corruption.
We are confident that His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari has not hesitated to put hand on the Bill as soon as it came into the table.
We are calling on Nigerians to take part in the Forensic Profession.
The profession is open to all professionals in different areas.
The Institute has a training section that will guide and equip you.
I want to thank all of you, and also talk again that we are committed to stand with ethical standards as following the way they are done worldwide, as we give our professional professional profession
I want to appeal to stakeholders and better Nigerian people to support this noble course, and to urge all of us to make efforts to combat corruption together.
Dr (Mrs) Enape Victoria Ayishetu, PhD, Pro-tem President, (CIFIPN) www.cifipn.org
Air Peace tests flights with new aircrafts E195-E2
Air Peace has begun testing flights for two new Embraer 195-E2 aircraft as they are preparing for use.
Daily Trust reports that the two aircraft are the first set among the 13 brand-new 195-E2 aircraft built by the airline to help route expansion.
A spokesperson of the airline, Stanley Olisa, told newsmen on Friday that one of the aircrafts empty from Lagos to Owerri, Abuja and Port Harcourt to depart the flight from Lagos to Owerri, Abuja and
Olisa gave an hint that test flights to other destinations would continue, adding that it would not take longer the planes would start scheduling flights and offering better travel services.
He said.
The brands new E195-E2 aircraft, the third, will enter very soon, saying the reason for the expansion of their fleet is the commitment to satisfying the air travel needs of the country.
There are regulatory requirements that are must be dobbed before the aircraft is put into regular operations.
It could be recalled that Air Peace collected the two brands new ultramordern Embraer 195-E2 aircraft with 124 sits in January and March this year, with 11 more.
Tela Maize harvest has a potential to give 8 tons in a hectare.
On the just past Tuesday, the Institute of Agricultural Research (IAR), at the Ahmadu Bello University Zaria, invited relevant stakeholders, including journalists, to come together with relevant stak
The name for the maize variety TELA was derived from Latin TUTELA, which means protection.
This kind of maize provides protection against pests and draught in its breed.
Principal Investigator, along with other scientists who took journalists round the harvest, Professor Rabiu Adamu, said the idea of the project was to produce maize varieties which would be produced
This is all about producing crops that are high yielding under stressed conditions; the stresses are Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major constraints to maize production.
If it is not controlled, if it can cause a loss of up to 80 percent, including drought if you do not manage rain shortages well, you cannot have any yield.
It is the third time this has been done.
The first trial was done under the dry season in March and during the rainy season, we did another one from June to November.
This is the third trial from November to April.
That is what they are trying to showcase, the principal researcher said.
As the three CFT trials have been successful, researchers will need to test and validate them to show that the records recorded in their research stations are performing.
By the time of 2022, if all things work well, Nigerian farmers will expect that all these hybrids will be with them.
Dr Muhyideen Ayekunle, a maize breeder under this project, said from the last two trials, the transgenic varieties recorded give 17 percent advantage of maize.
We have infested the varieties put on trial three times unlike the previous ones to look at how the BT gene is effective in the maize product.
With the outcome, researchers have said the yield would increase by 17 percent.
So after, we will analyze the data and prepare documents for environmental release.
We will submit the dossier to the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) and it will be reviewed.
Once approval of this product, we can show a face outside.
And then we can have a national performing trial.
The Director General/CEO of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA), Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, at the event, called on the scientists to continue their investigation and development
We have tested some technologies that are capable of providing solutions to problems facing farmers, to take advantage of it and move forward, he said.
Dr Rose Maxwell Gidado, Country Coordinator OFAB Nigeria, Dr Rose Maxwell Gidado, said the impact was very well.
Farmers yields will increase by 17 percent and you know that productivity and harvest are important for farming.
Once you have agreed, you will have a lot of harvest and profit.
She said by the time this kind of maize is ready to enter the farmers hands, it would increase their livelihood, money, as well as the price of maize.
Manchester United fight back to win Aston Villa
Manchester United were fighting back to take Aston Villa 3-1 away in the Premier League on Sunday as Bruno Fernandes, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani scored for second goal.
The result left United 70 points from inside 34 games, 10 points behind City who have played one game more than them and missed the chance to win the title on Saturday after they had played one game
Bertrand Traore put Villa ahead in the 24th minute with a brilliant strike that entered the top corner from 15 metres after some weak defending by the visitors, as they were able to defend the corner
Fernandes equalised in the 52nd minute with penalty, sending the golden Villa for Villa, Emiliano Martinez the wrong way with a spot-kick taken by his coolee, following one of the matches.
Grenwood turned the match on his head four minutes later with a neat shot on the turn from inside the penalty area after shaking off the centre back Tryone Mings.
Edinsons Cavanis substitute sealed the win for United with the head-scored goal that he took head in the 87th minute.
After the story being reported in Daily Trust, NCC has banned sale and use of mobile phone boosters.
The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has issued a ban on the sale and use of GSM network boosters (for mobile connectivity) especially by banks, residents, governments and governments.
The Commission gave the 14-day Pre-Enforcement Notice on Tuesday, signed by the Director Public Affairs, Ikechukwu Adinde.
He said the warning would take effect from Tuesday and during the expiration of the deadline, NCC said it would begin taking action against persons who do not follow instructions.
This is happening less than one month after Daily Trust reported on April 24, 2021 that businesses at Sabon Gari market in Kano including other business areas said that businesses at Sabon Gari marke
Some of the traders said the service was not good as telecommunication service providers did not do much to improve services on the gains they make in such a place.
According to them, many traders and their customers engage in digital and online financial transactions (data-based cashless services) plus other telecommunication-based services.
In the notice, NCC said selling, installing and use of GSm boosters was illegal.
In the notice, NCC said they were just on their duty to protect consumers, to ensure good quality of service and maintenance of technical standards of community.
Such acts can lead to sanctions involving money plus/ or prison, or the two (fine plus prison) as well as they may seize any equipment used for the illegal enhancement of the country.
LG polls: Protests begin over imposing candidates in APC
Some members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State have protested against how the party adopted some consensus candidates for some local government areas.
The partys members of the party have announced that the party will adopt consensus candidates in some local government areas and conduct direct and or indirect primary voting to make candidates.
The protesters who entered the secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), in Ogun State, were accused of imposing some leaders of the APC in Abeokuta South LGA of imposing the proposal of
They carried placards with many written things including We Say No To Money bags, which included We Say No To Money bags.
In Abeokuta South and Abeokuta South.
Allowed Members of the Party to select who they want, and said their preferred aspirant was Farouk Akintunde.
One of the party leaders who led the protests, Balogun Ololade, urged Governor Dapo Abiodun to intervene in the matter to save democracy from jeopardy.
Between DSS and secessionists in some regions
However, DSS has put in the ear of groups and persons who are acting and doing things that could provoke and disrupt the ethno-religious environment and threaten harmonous co-existence.
Questions have been lingering about who or which person and group the security agents follow said were promptly vapourized in the heated rhetorical outbust of the nation.
Afenifere, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF).
It made clear to all of us that this is a group of people who have continued to resort to inciting, unguarded and divisive statements and acts, to set the countrys people.
Interestingly, not within the major suspects in the exploitation of some fault lines to cause ethno-religious violence in some parts of the country.
They chorus the same conviction that the DSS knows the people responsible, only differing in the direction of accusing them.
AS Afenifere said these people knew the ones responsible for the acts, but cannot be touched because of their connect, PANDEV said.
Since the DSS knows them and they are satanic, they should take action to deal with them.
The NEF sounds like an unconvinced person who pushes the country into deep crises and know them, they should be treated according to the law.
You don't need to be a spook to know what the DSS knows about these flag bearers of geo-ethnic politics in Nigeria or to understand why they all know that DSS knows them yet inside their institutions
The truth is that these champions of ethnic politics do not know any better solution to the problems Nigeria is facing than looking for a sectional enclave and chiefs looking forward.
They are desperate and unscrupulous to pursue their inordinate ambitions that are agitated absurdly and frequently to break Nigeria.
Ambition-powered mind games intoxicate their geographical consciousness to reduce all it takes to excising the territorial contours of their enclaves with the frenzied ease of life.
To put it simply, breaking up or out of Nigeria as an ultimate political panacea or consolatory opportunity to achieve inordinate ambitions of people or groups under the state.
These groups are a major block to the steady attainment of unity and living together in peace Nigeria has been labouring for since the flag of independence.
For as long as they continue to parade the political terrain as ethnic champions, it is for so long that Nigeria will be regarded as an entitlement for their ethnic stake in the popular country.
Whenever they meet, the agenda is not on making Nigeria for progress and development, unless the leadership is handed handed, otherwise it is all about hecking and jostling around the country.
Whether it is ACF, Afenifere, Ohanaeze, PANDEV or Northern Elders Forum, their existence and activities will oppose the quest of Nigeria for unity, peace and development.
Another indication for these regional separatists is that all of them are sel-styled political pressure groups that pretend like representatives of various ethnic political pressure groups that prete
From the membership, he plained to see that it consisted of ex-this.
Ironically, this political deficiency gave them the ginger to come together, desperate to remain relevant in a democratic system where elected representatives run through the state.
There is only nasty nuisance value that the geo-ethnic groups have in our democratic setting as they continue with mischief, sabotage, blackmail and subversion intended to control the Nigeria.
This is why frequent meetings are causing security alerts!
With such predator-politicians who are walking around the perimeter of power with dubious intents and undermining a government elected just because they are not elected.
There is double danger to describe the trying situation of the Buhari administration as they have to handle such a number of formidable enemies that unleashed many assaults on the nation.
To that extent, only two groups of politicians can be there: those who participate with positive minds in the democratic dispensation and are partners in moving the country forward.
By what they do and what they do, we all know them!
At the end of the day, the majority of Nigerians are ordinary citizens who are conditioned to survive without following or depending on where they come from.
They struggle every day to make living following their submission to the will of one God even as their faiths are different.
Nigeria is a fatherland of their destiny, and they remain loyal, loyally following and praying because they know that they do not have any other country to call themselves, and they know that they do
They are also known that Afenifere, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) have been using inciting, unguarding and unguarding
The remaining prayers in the poor man are:
GOD IS,
NIGERIA GOES BETTER!
Manzo Reuben is a youth leader in Lokoja.
Terrorists kill 10 as terrorists attempt to attack army formation
Troops in the Nigerian Army, on Saturday, netralised not less than 10 Boko Haram terrorist members for attacking troops of Operation Hadin Kai in Rann, where they were intending to attack troops of O
This is coming when it is not less than 24 hours than the newly appointed Chief of Army Staff, Maj.-Gen.
Farouk Yahaya enters as leader of Nigerian Army
The spokesman of the Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen.
Mohammed Yerima, in a statement issued by Mohammed Yerima, in an available statement, explained that the terrorists, who came in several numbers, carried gun trucks put on ground and attempted to inf
Yerima said, The troops of high spirits were right on hand to take counter the move and paid a humiliating defeat to the terrorists who abandoned them, Yerima said.
The troops chased the runaway terrorist and ensured that there was no threat in town and the people.
Troops successfully destroyed one of their gun trucks and received several weapons including one anti-aircraft gun, two machine guns and eight AK-47 riffles as they neutralled.
Daily Trust reports that Chief of Defence Staff, Gen. Lucky Irabor, on Friday charged the new COAS to ensure that it builds on the legacy of late Attahiru as it begins.
Second U.S. congresswoman tests positive for COVID-19 after Capitol crisis
Pramila Jayapal, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, said she contacted the Coronavirus (COVID-19) after he was locked in the same room with some Republican laws.
I just received a positive COVID-19 test after locking me down in a secure room in the Capitol where several Republicans who were not wicked to wear masks but were wicked to wear masks.
Earlier on Monday, U.S. Congresswoman Bonnie Watson Coleman said she also contracted COVID-19 with possible exposure during the time of the lockdown in the Capitol.
Jayapal, a member of the Democratic Party, accused the lawmakers from the Republican of causing COVID-19 spread and asked them to be punished.
Any member who refuses to wear a face mask should be held accountable for putting our lives in danger because of he is sefish and idiot.
I am calling for every member who refuses to wear masks in the Capitol to be fined and removed from the floor, she said in a post on Facebook.
It is not clear if the two congresswomen were in the same room during the lockdown in the Capitol.
Jayapal was sad as U.S. President Donald Trump failed to contain the COVID-19 pandemic within the U.S. and vowed to do everythimg in her power to remove it from office.
Man 30-year-over arrested for assaulting woman in Edo
The police have arraigned 30 years before Ogbesons chief magistrates court in Benin for allegedly assaulting a woman named Rebecca Izevbigi.
The man was accused of conspiracy, unlawful assault and malicious damage punishable under sections 516, 355, and 451 of the criminal code.
The prosecutor, Sgt. Kehinde Iyare, told the court that the accuse joined others who had run to commit the offence on April 11, at Estate Quarters, along Benin-Agbor Road.
She further told the court that the accuse, with others who had run assaulted one Rebecca Izevbigie unlawfully by hitting and bitting her.
She added that the accussed also used an iron rod to break her in the leg.
She further told the court that on March 31, 2021 the accuse intentionally and maliciously spoiled a wash-hand basin owned by the complainant and the cost was N8,000.
The accuse was not guilty as the counsel Mrs E. E Idahosa applied for his bail and said he would not jump bail.
Which followed, Chief Magistrate Mutairu Oare granted bail for the accused for the sum of N100,000 with a spokesman who would stand for him.
He said the person who would stand with him must bring two recent passport photos of himself and that of the accuse.
He ordered the court registrar to verify the information supplied and the location of the surety, adjourning the case to May 10 for hearing.
Why National Assembly cannot impeach Buhari Senator in Oyo
The Senator representing Oyo North Senatorial District, Fatai Buhari, has said the National Assembly has not seen reasons to impeach President Muhammadu Buhari.
The senator disclosed this while paying Salahs visit to former governor in Oyo State, Rashidi Ladoja, saying there is a process to impeach the president.
Senator Buharis submission is coming one day after Senator Yusuf Abubakar (APC Taraba) and Cahir of the Senate committee on special duties said to leave President Buhari would not be allowed.
People have been calling for President Buhari resign or impeached as insecurity in the country.
But Senator Buhari has asked those who want to break the country to avoid problems that are not easy to solve.
There is a process to impeach the president.
Anyone calling for the impeachment of the president gives a good reason to do impeachment.
We have no reason to impeach the president.
If there is need, we will table it, discuss it, and the two houses must come together.
To impeach the president is not what a person will just wake up one day and start.
It has a procedure.
Why do you want to cause a problem including unsolved confusion?
That was he asked.
On the security challenges the country is facing, the lawmaker said: We don't have another country than Nigeria.
Nigeria is our country and home.
We should try to do internal security.
Let us play our own part; not leave everythimg to government alone.
We should put local police to know all the places.
No matter what it is, we know each other.
In the early 80s, we were traveling on the night.
But at the level of insecurity now, there is somethimg fundamentally missing.
He said the 9th National Assembly had discussed security more than 59 times.
We have discussed security issues more than 30 times in the 8th Assembly, and this 9th Assembly has also discussed it more than 50 times.
Everyone should be vigilant, even if the service chief is changed many times, it still will not solve the security problem, the senator said.
Ranchers support as CBN puts restrictions on forex import of dairy
The Commercial Ranchers Association of Nigeria (CODARAN) has shown support for the restrictions on the foreign exchange on dairy products.
Recall that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circular more than one year now on companies that have been restricted from foreign exchange to import milk.
But during a visit to the governor of the CBN recently, the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, said the European Union would have been allowed to provide
In a statement issued by Dianabasi Akpainyang, the CORAN, Nigeria has the potential to harvest dairy products to provide jobs plus create employment.
The CBN governor is right.
Truely, Nigeria has the potential to meet and sustain the dairy requirements.
Akpainyang said the milk grounded for collection and processing is not near that figure for now, but he noted that since it is likely, it is necessary that everyone should put leggitimately into the
Therefore, citing a report in the CBN that Nigeria spends $1.5 billion yearly on importing dairy products, he said the figure would increase as the prices of dairy products would be increased as the
He mentioned issues such as poor productivity of local cows, cow nutrition, animal disease management system, lack of a better organised system of collection of milk, as there was no effective system
However, he said the Advancing Local Dairy Development in Nigeria (ALDDN) programme running presently in four states Adamawa, Kaduna, Kano and Plateau has been implemented by the Adamawa, Kaduna, Kan
PDP frowns face as APC claims 2.5m registered in Lagos
Uproar followed as the All Progressives Congress (APC) disclosed the registration of 2.5m members in Lagos for a nationwide revalidation exercise.
Chairman of the APC  Registration Supervisory Committee in Lagos, Dr. Muhammad Bashiru, during the closing of a recommendation letter to the supervisor, said about 2.5 per cent of the population of t
But the People Democratic Party (PDP), the leading opposition party, has described the figure as false and fake.
APC has a habit of cooking figures to make people believe they are popular, PDP said.
The PDP spokesperson Taofik Gani, in a chat with Daily Trust, in a chat with Daily Trust described the APC as a party that is not popular, saying the party is not popular.
This is not the first time figures are left out.
Even in the last election, the total number of votes for the APC was around 600,000.
He said the claims that they have 2.5 million are false and fake.
Our correspondent reports that APC candidate Babajide Sanwo-Olu won the governorship election in 2019 with 739,445 votes while President Muhammadu Buhari had 580,825 votes for President Muhammadu Buh
The state chairman of the National Conscience Party (NCP), Comrade Bayo Ogunleye, has described the claim by the APC as the most greatest lie in the century.
But the APC spokesperson Seye Oladejo told our correspondent that the party would prove to have nombers for the local government election on July 24.
Geographical Indications will promote diversification of the economy
The Federal Government has stressed that Geographical Indications (GIs) will help in promoting diversification of the economy and support participation on the African Continent.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono said this during the capacity building workshop on GIs in the public sector /policymakers in Nigeria.
Nanono, represented by the Deputy Director of Irrigation and Crop Development, Hajia Sugra Mahmood, noted that if the initiative well being used, will support the preservation of the natural resource
According to him, it can assist in commercializing the products of food culture and other cultures and enable actors in the value chain to benefit from commercialization.
Therefore, this workshop happens at a crucial moment when this administration is working tirelessly to diversify the economy from hydrocabons by other sectors likely.
Such initiatives promoting GIs will help to fast track the process of diversification of the economy and also support our participation in the African Continental Forum.
This could cause a revival of the economy in rural areas as we have seen in the case of some properly branded products such as Ofada rice, kilishi, Dudu Osu.
It will also make it the documentation of our indigenous knowledge which is sad as we are losing over time.
The current administration is ready to partner with all the relevant stakeholders both local and foreign in bidding to preserve the natural and bio-cultural endowments.
Earlier, the Minister of Satte Industry, Trade and Investment, Haija Mariam Katagum, in her welcome address, said the workshop was designed to specifically train public sectors in the country.
She said we cannot avoid as the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) comes into effect, which puts responsibility on those making decisions to be made in the country.
President of Israel holds statement to seek new govt
Israeli President Reuven Rivlin is prepared for a meeting with top political leaders on forming a government after caretaker Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not gree to do so.
According to Rivlins office, talks with Naftali Bennett of the Yamina party and former opposition leader Yair Lapid of the Yesh Atid (Future) party are scheduled for Wednesday.
The head of state also invited representatives from other parties represented in parliament to present positions on the progress of the process to take a government.
Last night was the deadline for Natanyahus right-winger to form a governing coalition.
This means that the camp of opponents to Netanyahu is facing a chance to end the era of the 71-year-old as heaf of government.
Whether they will succeed, however, it is still open.
A new election is still not out the question as Israel is still in a political crisis.
Netanyahu will remain as head of the interim government as time is going.
He has been in office for 12 years continuously and is the longest serving head of government in Israeli history.
He has been on trial for corruption, he has rejected all accuses of corruption.
Rilvin is expected to be appointed by Rilvin to form the head of the government.
His party is a political centre; at the end of match, it has become the second-strongest force in the forth parliamentary election within two years.
Rivlin may also give the mandate to the Knesset.
In this case, each member of the parliament can try to find the support of 61 of the 120 members within 21 days.
Ganduje frees 123 prisoners during Eid-el-Fitri
Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano has granted freedom to 123 prison inmates across the state.
Ganduje who witnessed the release of inmates from Goron Dutse Prison on Thursday said the gesture was in the spirit of Eid-El-Fitr celebration.
He said how the offences were committed as well as how they had shown signs of reformation when they were in prison, he said.
The governor said he decided to show in the prison to tell the inmates that they are existing and they are seen as citizens of the state.
Ganduje said the gesture was to compliment the Federal Governments effort to further reduce jams in national prisons.
He advised the former inmates to change their attitude to life and pray for peace and stability in Nigeria.
The governor also gave 5,000 to each of the inmates who were freed to take away to where they are going.
Earlier, the comptroller of prisons in Kano, Suleiman Suleiman, thanked the governor for freeing thousands of inmates since he opened office.
Suleiman advised the freedom inmates to stay away from crime to avoid coming back to prison.
Ganduje also visited remanded homes including children in Kano as part of his Salah celebration.
Korda breaks through in Parma clay
On the eve at Roland Garos, a 20-year-old American scored a career breakthrough when he beat Italian Marco Cecchinato  6-2, 6-4, in Parma in a first time.
Korda, the son of a former world
No 2 and Australian Open winner Petr Korda, who never entered the ATP tour final before the event in Parma, has yet won consecutive matches on clay.
Cecchinato, who won all his three titles on clay, comes from Brescia, 90 kilometres from Parma.
The fans who were allowed to enter the event for the first time supported the local boy.
Today I play a tough opponent and the not easy, Korda said.
They continue to cheer him on, but I am proud of myself.
And how I handled it.
Although his father is from Czech, Sebastian Korda, who was born in Florida, decided to represent the US.
The victory made him the first American player to win a clay court tournament since Sam Querrey in Belgrade after 11 years.
This is something that has been in my dreams, Korda said, adding that he had expected to win the title soon as he named an event in Florida in January.
I really thought I would do it at Delray Beach, and it broke my heart a little bit.
What not supposed to be weared in public: Negating Nigeria's multiculturalism
By Bashir Ibrahim Hassan
It was a pure coincidence that, while trouble smelled in Kwara State recently, there was a solution to it in the Lower House in the National Assembly for Education.
The trouble in Ilorin is because of the refuse of some Christian faith schools to allow Muslim students to wear a hijab into school.
The solution for this predicament is the debate on Religious Discrimination (Prohibition, Prevention).
RDPP Bill, 2021, ridiculating Hijab Bill in a section of media in Nigeria.
Both events spark heated arguments and often emotional debate that, at the bottom of everything, threaten to negate the multicultural identity and reality of Nigeria.
The whole idea for Kwara of the proprietor of schools as the ban of Muslim students wearing hijabs and their sympathisers could be reduced to what they are not supposed to wear.
This was another major part of the concerns of the RDPP Bill before the House of Representatives the humiliation and denial of opportunities.
What females in Nigeria are facing because of public wearing in public.
It is clear that the formers clearly breached the fundamental human rights of the Muslim students to take express their faith without discrimination; even though the school can not get the school to
The latter tries to assert this right not only for Muslims alone but also for Christians wherever or whenever they are threatened with discrimination because of their fauth.
To run through the argument made by the proprietors of Christian faith schools in Kwara, it is easy for one to understand the pragmatic appeal of the argument that Muslim children should be educated
The problems of these arguments are many.
First, saying Muslim students should go to another place unless they agree to the rule of the school on uniform does very little to promote inclusiveness, which is the bedroom of the country.
Secondary, the position asks moral questions: can we justify to base rule in school on the Christian majoritarian of the school?
Then, the third one, the argument going elsewhere appears to have ignored the difficulties in changing school for a child.
The inconvenience is a lot.
When changing schools for the children, education psychologists will tell you that it interferes negatively with not just emotional but academic development too.
Finally, the Christian faith schools by themselves risk what we call ghettorization by concentrating students with the same religious belief them in particular schools.
This will have a lot of social cost for society.
The Commissioner of Education, Kemi Adeosun, argued, while speaking with press speech, that the government is convinced that the policy to allow willing Muslim schoolgirls to wear clothes and clothes
Within a country that guarantees freedom of religion, which signs the Declaration of International Human Rights, the basic question is: how justifiable is it to deny children?
It is a great concern because Nigeria is a signatory to the Universal Declaration on Human Rights (UDHR).
The UDHR insists that all human beings are free and equal, regardless of colour, creed or religion.
It contains 30 articles on rights and freedom including, among others, like the right to life, free speech and privacy.
It includes economy, social and cultural rights, such as the right to get health and education.
I saw articles 18 and 26 of UDHR very relevant to the issue in consideration and we quoted them in full below:
Everyone has the freedom to think or believe what they want, including religious belief.
We have a right to change our beliefs or religions anytime, and the right to practice our religions in public or private, alone or with others.
Everyone should have a right to education.
Primary schools should be free.
We should continue our studies as far as we have the wish.
In school we should help us develop our talents and teach us how to respect everyones human rights.
They also should teach us how to get on with others whatever their ethnicity, religion, or country.
Our parents have the right to choose which school we will go.
All these laws are also the instruments that give Muslim women such as Ilhan Omar the equality to sit in the House of Representatives in the US and she stated that she stated.
Ilhan Abdullahi Omar is an American politician who served for the U.S. Representatives in the 5th Congregation of Minnesota District since 2019.
The Deputy Chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Finance, representing Bida/Gbako/Katcha Federal constituency of Niger State was sponsored by the Deputy Chairman of the House of Repre
Saidu Musa Abdullahi.
The bill is aimed at addressing discriminatory conducts, including prohibition of discrimination on religion when concerns as people giving work and the terms.
It will stop qualifying and professional collaborations, education institutions, employees of employment and other sectors to discriminate against a person, student or person of employment.
When passed, the law will bury issues such as what we saw in Kwara for good, when passed, the law will bury issues such as what we saw in Kwara for good.
It will also address the bigot behaviour of executives who carry prejudice into public offices and allow them to cover their sense of judgment.
The law should be welcomed.
After all, it is only to expand and expand the provisions in the Nigerian constitution and the UDHR documents as we are above.
It followed line with similar laws in the country to tackle social challenges and cultural practices the law that prohibits violence.
As disability is trying to eliminate any discrimination facing people with disability, VAPP is facing domestic and other gender violence across the country.
One by one, people representing us in the legislative chamber have been using legal instruments to tackle all social challenges facing our country.
They address these social roughnesses not only because there is no law that has been addressed, but they want to carry everythimg together in order to finish.
While there is still road still far in UDHR and no instruments to enforce it, the RDPP law and other laws resembled it are on ground to carry punishment to offenders.
While contradicting the views of critics, as far as the RDPP Bill is concerned, it is not proven that they want to put a state of religion on any state that can domesticate the country.
It does not go against Section 10 of the Constitution of Nigeria that supports that the Government of the Federation or a State cannot not adopt any religion as State Religion.
To push the argument, because the bill calls for the general public to respect the rights of women who wear the Hijab in public places, it can only quence the rights of women who wear the Hijab in pu
In the final analysis, it is going against our multicultural pretenses to deny any Nigerian be it male or female religious freedom.
It is against equality, and basic human rights as it is in the constitution of Nigeria and the legal documents of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
A bill that will make such decimations on religion become criminal, like the RDPP bill will have a welcome nod.
It is from Abuja, Bashir wrote.
President of Niger Issoufou wins N1.95bn leadership prize in Africa
It has been announced that Nigerian President Mahamadou Issoufou was the winner of $5m (N1.905bn) in 2020.
Ibrahim prize for African leadership.
Issoufou has served two terms of five years each as president from 2011 to 2020.
Mohamed Bazoum, a former interior minister, will enter office after him after winning the presidential election last month.
The committee giving the prize praised the leadership of the Niger president after meeting the poorest economy in the world.
He said it caused the economy to grow, showed a better commitment to regional stability and the constitution, and championed democracy in Africa.
Mr Issoufou will be the sixth winner to receive the Ibrahim Prize.
He sent a tweet that the prize is honouring everyone in Nigeria.
I see this award as an encouragement to continue to do things and act in a way that will promote democracy values and a better government, not only in Niger alone, but in Abuja.
Previously won the prizes include Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia (2017), President Hifikepunye Pohamba of Namibia (2014), President Pedro Pires of Cabo Verde (2014), President Pedro Pires of Cabo V
KEDCO has a taskforce that enforces collection and checks who bypasses meters.
The management of the Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) has created a taskforce to ensure payment of electricity.
In a statement given by Ibrahim Sani Shawai, the head of Corporate Communication, KEDCO, has been given the taskforce the power to ensure that all documents are collected.
The taskforce will also check issues of bypass of metres, illegal connections, illegal connections and other forms of sabotage.
In this regard, anybody seen to be sabotaged in any way, shall deal with them as stated by the law.
We appeal to our customers to open eye at all our installations and to protect their meters well against vandals.
We are assuring all our customers that our initiative to give meters to quench estimated billing and to give customers the opportunity to pay for what they are.
IBEDC gives to sellers under powerline
The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has carried a warning out against selling markets under high-tension wire to avoid badness.
Chief Operating Officer (COO), Engr John Ayodele, gave the charge against the backdrop of increasing trading activities under high-tension wire.
In Oshogbo, the capital of Osun State, mechanic shops, block industries, car wash shops, POS shops and large trading are common things that we see under high-technology.
Engr Ayodele urged residents to take safety precautions and advised people selling under high-tension wire to move to safer areas.
He also urged residents to not call unknown persons to come to repair lights and assured that the technical crew of the IBEDC would be available to rectify any faults occurring.
He cautioned that people who have habits of harassing IBEDC staff when doing their duties as the law stipulates to stop it, saying IBEDC would explore all available legal options in the country.
It is also important that other safety precautions such as supervising children, such as supervising children, to avoid electrical accidents, he said.
Newborn children die in fire incident in Indian hospital
Ten new children were killed on Saturday in a fire in a state-running hospital in western Idia, officials said.
There were 17 new children in the unit for the sick children when the fire broke early Saturday at the Bhandara District General Hospital in Maharashtra State.
Seven new children died as smoke choke, and three died due to fire, Maharashtra health minister Rajesh Tope told reporters.
Nurses, ward staff rescue seven babies
The age of all the new children ranges from a few days to three months, as a health district official in Bhandara said.
The government has ordered a probe in the incident and a safety audit in a unit for taking care of new motorcycles in the country.
Initial reports have indicated that the fire might have occurred because of one of the short circuits in one of the incubators, Tope said.
The staff said a lot of black smoke filled the ward quickly, adding the minister.
Legal requirements have been waived for post-mortem and the children have been taken to family, Tope said.
Families of the victim will get compensation of 500,000 rupees (exceeding 6,814 dollars) for each family.
Police pursue newspaper sellers because of reports on IPOB
Police harassed newspaper sellers and readers in Abia State.
Daily Trust gets news that since the weekend police from the Aba Area Command have been arresting people selling newspapers and readers concerning reports on the corruption of the newspapers.
Residents said there was fear at Ama-Ogbonna Junction in the commercial city when police raided the place on Sunday.
A spokesman who investigated the incident in his eyes said residents were running to safety, as police personnel were trying to arrest people selling newspapers and publishers.
The newspapers were accused of selling newspapers of containing the sit-at-home order given by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Dr Elendu Ukoh, whose incidence happened in his eyes, urged the state government and Igbo leaders to call on the police authorities to call on people to avoid challenges in the country.
The kind of people we are putting in the police makes me wonder if we want anythimg good to from this country.
How does one pursue newspaper sellers in Aba, in the moral world?
If you stop people from reading a hard copy of a newspaper, you will also stop them from reading the same story on Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, Telegram, etc.
Which kind of old police style is this?
Panic on Sunday caused panic on Sunday following shooting and making noise.
The whole neighbourhood thinks they are chasing kidnappers.
It was later discovered that a vendor and readers were arrested at his newspaper stand.
How will police follow newspaper sellers?
Which kind of problems can paper cause by social media?
These are not normal,he said.
Micheal Anorue, another resident, said almost all the sellers of newspapers he visited in Aba.
They were empty on Tuesday.
We heard while speaking on Saturday and Sunday that the newspapers carried stories concerning the sit-at-home order to honour a hero in Biafra, he said.
The early political leaders in the South East, reminded these reckless police officers that Biafra is bigger than IPOB, the better for them.
Does IPOB also mean that Biafra has also been proscribed?
We are all Biafran people.
On the 30th of May, the World Igbo Congress (WIC) held a zoom conversation, where they discussed the falling hero in Biafra.
Why do police not go to Youtube, Zoom and other social media that carry the matter on the air?
All the things they do is to come the street and begin making unnecessary troubles.
I wish the leader of Igboland to warn these reckless police officers of not allowing the events in Imo State to enter Aba, because it will worst for everyone.
Abia State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Geoffrey Ogbonna, denied the arrest of newspaper soldiers and readers.
NAMA frown face as air traffic controller laments poor tools
Air Traffic Controllers (ATC) in Nigeria on Sunday cried out concerning the dilapitated navigational equipment at most airports in the country.
The ATCs under the National Air Traffic Controllers Association (NATCA) said the situation is a threat for air safety.
They also said the International Airport located in Kaduna had a control tower that could help aircraft to navigate without problems.
President of NATCA, Yomi Agoro, in a chat with newsmen at the weekend, said the issue at Kaduna airport was a watchroom by other aviation personnel.
He also said other airports in the country did not have the equipment necessary to navigate without problems.
He explained that some airports do not have equipment to function.
Even Kaduna has no control tower.
What they are using there is a watch room (for firefighters), and not for that purpose they built it for, and we are calling on the government to do somethimg.
When into Sokoto, if rain falls, the controllers will take an umbrella to sit in the control tower, and what happened, they have seeded some of the control towers attached to the terminal.
We all still follow terrestial radio frequency fight, communication here and there.
Calabar is there; there is no airport today that is working up to 80 per cent.
NAMA has recently employed and trained 40 new controllers, but NATCA said the number was too low to meet the shortfall.
However, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), Capt Fola Akinkuotu, told Daily Trust that the claims are not true.
He said the federal government has put huge investments into improving navigational aids and helping safe flight operations.
It is mere politics, he said, It is mere politics, he said.
Government has spent much not too long to improve aviation infrastructure.
I am not just saying this because I am a MD of NAMA.
If you want to hear the true story, my suggestion is always, ask people on the street, ask people for NAMA, they will tell you, they have never seen good like this under this administration.
It is painful that people will be saying this.
We have no Category Three (CAT3), this government has put two on ground and another is still on.
Govt spends N1.7bn on mobile control tower
Also, revitalisation of the safe tower is also ongoing.
We are already reconstructing the TRACON (Total Radar Coverage of Nigeria) system.
Other sectors should be jealous.
E-commerce in Nigeria: Legal framework, challenges and prospects
E-commerce is referred to the use of communication technology especially the internet to buy, sell and market goods and services to customers.
The internet has brought a fundamental shift into economies that are near each other because of the brier enterprise of ross-border trade and investment, which distances far, time zone and languages
E-commerce fosters direct access to nearer markets and promotes globalisation and commercial activities plus eliminating distinction between domestic and foreign products.
E-commerce is not limited to buying of products alone, it includes e-mail, plus other communication platforms, all the information or services the company can offer to customers.
The major significance of its commerce is in the fact that it is encouraging a single world of trading that accesses through electronic means to get good and access through electronic means to get go
Most of the statues on ground in Nigeria lag behind towards the development and growth of e-commerce in particular and the whole ICT.
In Nigeria, many legal researches and studies have been conducted.
Many in the study carried opinions that the legal system in Nigeria lags behind in legislation involving ICT and that there are statutory laws that have been grounded.
These issues include electronic evidence cybercrimes, security and data production, e-payment systems and inevitably trans-border issues, among others.
Therefore, there is a need to bring out proper legal and regulatory measures to govern the ongoing regime.
It has been said many times that in Nigeria, significant efforts to regulate e-commerce-related activities were still at the stage of the Sraft Bill before the National Assembly.
It is important to know that, even where this bill is passed into law, Nigeria may still face new legal issues in this area that call for legislative intervention.
With the speed that the internet is taking work on commercial transactions in Nigeria, especially in the banking and communication sectors of the economy, the best that the internet has been able to
To achieve this, the National Assembly should pressure the National Assembly to pass bills concerning electronic commerce as top priority so that they will be enacted into law as quickly as possible.
For a long time, our courts should take a giant step to interpret the traditional laws that are grounded in a liberal way to cut gaps in order to make the laws they get.
Indeed, legislation is not the only means of electronic transactions and attendant documentation.
The court may also adapt to recognise electronic transactions in the absence of legislation or private contracts.
As former Justice Bungham earlier said: The common law is in the hands of judges the same facility [as law merchants] to adapt to the needs of the general public.
We hope that the government will adopt this activism by Nigerian judges in judiciary, Supreme Court judges also involved, especially in areas where our existing legal legal processes have also been
This will set a better precedence to ensure e-commerce consumers get protection, bringing investors and bringing economic development and stability into the country.
The key issues for a contract in the e-commerce are documentation and signatures.
The provisions in section 4 of the Statute of Fraud, 1677 or Lagos State Law Reform (Contract) Law and our various statutes on real property and landed instrument developments in the country.
The question now is is is electronic sign-off constitutes a valid sign-off contract by email or by binding?
Many of these issues are still not settled even in the UK although some decisions are in favour towards interpreting electronic signatures.
There are marks in emails that satisfy the traditional requirements of writing and due execusion.
E-commerce transactions are transactions that do not involve magnetic materials like tapes or disks.
This is a contradiction to the transaction that it is made in permanent form and typically expressed in words and figures which are typically expressed in words and figures which are typically expres
Such transactions cannot be altered without altering the face of the document.
As it concerns signature, the provision of initial section 93 (2)(3), Evidence Act 2011, electronic signature related to data messages must conveniently satisfy any requirements of the Nigeria.
The provisions in article 7 of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) model law for e-commerce 1996 are equally trited on this issue.
Thus, for the purpose of establishing proof of electronic signatures.
Using passwords, identifications, user names etc.
Hence, one can safely say that an electronic signature for purpose of execution is admissible for evidence provided that it is certified and incorporated in electronic communication.
Also, other legal challenges that affect e-commerce include the formation of contracts.
The elements for better formation of a contract include offer, acceptance, consideration, intention to enter into legal relations.
The question is, at which point can offers be made with regard to electronic business transactions or now to differentiate between invitations to treat and offers electronic business transactions or
E-commerce requires confidence and trust the satisfaction of the transmission of an order or invoice comes from whoever it appears to come from.
There is a need for a concerning level of privacy/confidenciality of information mattering.
Lastly, the alarming rate of cybercrime in Nigeria, including a high level of illiteracy.
No doubt that electronic transaction is an aspect of commercial transaction in Nigeria and it has come to stay this time.
The government should pass to making laws, activate the electronic platform for commercial interaction and the delivery of government services.
You can reach Abanikanda Happiness Wuraola via Twitter.
Chad passes new chartes as Debys son president
Chad has passed a charter to declare Mahamat Idris Deby as president, despite social media rumours that he is dead.
Mahamat has taken over to replace his father, Idriss Deby, who was killed this week.
The charter said the 37-year-old, a son of a late war veteran, was named quickly on Tuesday as heading the military council after his death.
The charter repeals the preceding constitution and will be implemented as the basic law of the republic, according to the terms in it.
The young Deby has also been named as the supreme head of the armed forces, he said.
Debys son oversees the security of his father when he was the head of the elite presidential guard and often appears along with his father.
The best known of Mahamat Deby is as the top commander of the forces in Chad who helps the United Nations peacekeeping mission in the restive north of neighbouring Nigeria.
He signed a decree on Tuesday as he set out a military council of 15 generals, including himself and 14 others known to be loyal to the late president.
The task of the council is to move enter free and democractic elections within 18 months.
Mahamat Idris Deby is the chair of the military transition council, the council of ministers, the council of superior committees of national defence, according to the charter.
The new head of state will declare legislation adopted by 69 members of the national transition council, named by Mahamat.
The Transition Charter, which contains 95 articles, also guarantees freedom of opinion, conscience and worship.
There has been a transition government, which will be named by the new president.
The charter says all members of the army who call to the transitional government have been freed from all military works.
Law in Chad
The leader, who ruled with a strong hand for about 30 years, gave to wounds he had when he visited a battlefield where Chad soldiers were fighting rebel groups in the country.
Calling for calm, the army also announced a curfew at 6pm and closed the borders in the country, suspending the constitution and dissolving the National Assembly.
However, opposition politicians in Chad have rejected the army appointment of President Idris Deby's son to take over after his father died.
Experts say under the law in Chad, the speaker of parliament should have obtained power after Debys death, not his son.
What the constitution states that if the president is or dies, then the speaker of the parliament shall take charge of the country for 40 days and then transition will be put into place.
But] the military announced that they had dissolved the legislative assembly and the constitution, so what they did is to replace the constitution with their own constitution.
Chelsea points could be left after the brawl with Leicester
Chelsea are facing a deduction of points from the FA for the team as failure to control their players, Mirror reports.
Within seven years, the team has been able to show hot temper to opponents seven times.
The recent brawl in a match on Tuesday night Leicester marked the seven encounters Chelsea had with Premier League teams.
The match marked last weekend between Chelsea and Leicester among players of both teams.
With the same offence in the past, the FA decided to punish Chelsea.
Leicester also faced charges for roles in the brawl involving players and coaches as Ricardo Pereira took challenge Ben Chilwell.
In 2016, Chelsea were also charged for indiscipline warning, after appealing against a 375,000 dollar fine for the part of them played in a burst-up during a match.
If it affects them, the leaving point will affect their season very well as they enter the final campaign to get a spot in the top four.
US Africom in Nigeria? Heck No!
Overpaid, oversexed and over here.
That is the resentful and contemptuous opinion of many British people over the thousands of American GIs stationed in several military bases in Britain during the Second World War.
The gum-chewing, brash, hard-drinking and womanising soldiers from American comedy frequently get into pub fights and knife fights that cause dangerous injuries.
And this has been the pattern of American soldiers behaving everywhere at the hundreds of American military bases oversea from Okinawa in Japan, Stuttgart in Nigeria, Stuttgart in Nigeria, Stuttgart
It was why I was upset, like many Nigerians, that the virtual meeting was held last week with the Secretary of State of the United States of America, Antony Blinken, was reported.
We are thinking that with this call, President Buhari is making a path for Nigeria to host Africom.
In the first place, it was a breach of protocol for President Buhari to hold that meeting with the American Secretary of State.
The meeting was supposed to be held with Blinken's Nigerian opposite Geoffrey Onyeama, who took details to meet president later.
Yes, America is a superpower and all, but protocols are protocols and should be followed strictly in every circumstance.
We understand that Nigeria is facing a huge internal security challenge that is more than the best efforts made by government and security establishments within the nation.
A terrorist insurgency which was not tired of the North East banditry, kidnapping in the North West, farmers/herders clashed all over the country and targeting and kidnapping.
But even at that, the call to host Africom on Nigeria when we consider it against various issues and implications of this move to Nigeria is difficult to justify.
Africom is one of nine of such commands established by the American military to serve Americas strategic interests around the world.
By their rules and way of operation, these commands, particularly the ones outside America like Africom, did not set up primarily to concern themselves with security and security issues.
They do so only when such issue affects the interests of America directly in the area and in such situation, they are not mandated to yield them modus operandi and share in.
If Africom is set up in Nigeria for instance, it will be an island on its own as it will restrict access to Nigerians of all categories and establishing a jurisdiction within the terms of the terms o
As it is often happening with American military bases outside America, Africom will be a forward operating base for disruptive intelligence operations and source for active activities.
In this particular case of Africom, part of its original concept is to control as the strategic influence of Nigeria is growing in West Africa and Africa as we have successful investments.
The previous ones of Africom were the Africa Crisis Response Initiative (ACRI) set up by the Clinton administration to counter the strategic interests of Nigeria in insurance and energy.
The Secretary of State for President Clinton, the double-faced California attorney, Warren Christopher, visited a number of African countries secretly to sell the idea.
But because Nigeria is the target, he pointedly left it from his itinerary.
Senegal, not far from Liberia and Sierra Leone, is supposed to be the coordinating base of the ACRI and though it was seen an initiative to facilitate assistance of Americans in the country.
Due mainly to undisguised hostility to the idea from France, which was averse to seeing the Americans trying to butt into an area it considers its exclusive sphere of influence.
In the review, which draws the expertise of American military, intelligence, political and academic personalities and institutions carried out by the American Congress to see the challenges.
Thus, following on the recommendations of gathered experts, who formed all angles of political and security establishments within America, the Bush Junior administration said the Bush Junior administ
As the US Central Command (USCENTCOM) will be to the Middle East and Asia, so Africom will be to Africa, as it based in Florida, the European Command (EUCOM), based in Stuttgart.
The presence of French military has surrounded Nigeria already as they are in Niger, Cameroun, Chad and Benin.
The American people also have drone bases in Niger.
Adding Africom to the mix in Nigeria will amount to a complete capitulation of our strategic interests to both France and America.
As we get in mind that our strategic interests plus profiles in Africa do not always follow with those in France and America, to host Africom in Nigeria will be the same.
There is nothing in the insecurity challenge facing a country where our armed forces cannot cope with.
This is after the military forces that eventually secured Liberia and Seirra Leone against a well-entrenched and organised army of insurgents within the country.
It is regrettable that the Nigerian military, having fallen from highly known standards, struggling now to cope with the activities of non-state actors internally.
But intrinsically and essentially, the military in Nigeria still has the capacity and capability to defeat this threat to our national security if they have the right leadership of the correct leader
We need all the assistance and cooperation the American people can give us if they want to give us.
But when we have been held in hand to host Africom with our circumstances in view of its antecedents and implications to our strategic interests, on our soil.
Despite facing challenges, Plateau targets 7m metric tons of Irish potato
In Nigeria, Irish potato is produced in nine of the 17 local government areas of the state.
The Potato Value Chain Support Project of the African Development Bank (AfDB) initiative has identified Plateau as a state with 90 per cent of the potato production in the country.
The large potato production in Plateau State, according to PotatoPRO.com, a leading source for information on the global potato industry, has made Nigeria the nomber 1 in the worlds potato industry.
However, farmers said poor reach and poor road networks, plus as the cost of fertilizer and other farming inputs continued to stand as major setbacks for the production.
Other challenges that contribute to low yields and loss in harvest to the potato value chain include diseases such as blight and bacterial wilt, including poor seedlings.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State is among the ten poorest states in Nigeria with a poverty rate over 70%.
However, the state has a comparative advantage in boosting economic activities by improving the competitiveness of the potato commodity value chain.
The Project Coordinator of the Potato Value Chain Support Project, Thomas Muopshin, said though the visibility of the tuber crop is evident in nine local government areas in the country.
They produce most potato across the country.
However, Muopshin said adaptability research indicated that the remaining eight LGAs in the state also can plant potato, making all 17 LGAs in Plateau State.
However, the Association of Potato Farmers (APF) in the state, said unless addressed the challenges facing the value chain, increase production and export of the country will not be addressed.
Chairman of the APF in Plateau State, Lazarus Makut, in an interview with Daily Trust, Lazarus Makut, in an interview with Daily Trust, said the inadequate small dam, especially in remote areas where
He said the cost of mechanised farming that can increase production quickly has become expensive as the majority of farmers are small-scale producers who are unable to afford production.
Another farmer, Martha Mamgup, who plants potatoes in Ampang town of Mangu, Mangu LGA, said water disruption during the dry season had affected potato farmers and his farmers.
Because of this, the majority of farmers searched for the location of boreholes to farm to take access irrigation water for their farms.
Martha also explained that the high cost of fertilizer prevents many farmers from improving quantities plus quality of yield, adding that when fertilizer is not at reached, it is affectively affected
The costs also prevent many of us from expanding the business.
So, getting fertilizer is not easy for us.
She said the construction of more dams including a borehole for irrigation would lead to more production of potatoes.
If the water does not reach for the crop, it will dry and later die and that is why some farmers who have the resources prefer to dig boreholes in Mangu for irrigation because they have the resources
Irish potato at a market in Jos
Production to reach 7 million metric tons after completion of laboratory
With potato production in Plateau State jumping from 1,656,650 metric tons in 2017 to 2,359,890 metric tons in 2020, the establishment of the Potato Value Chain Support Agency (PVCS) supports the
The officer who Monitors and Evaluates the state's Potato Value Chain Support Project in the state, Baleri Yakubu, told Daily Trust that the state is expected to start production.
However, Yakubu said the state government should tackle other challenges facing farmers, especially the ones of fertilizer as well as dam and road networks as expanding the state government.
Our correspondent gathered that the tissue culture lab, which is intended to improve potato yields in the state by providing resistant pests and other diseases.
Yakubu said it is certain that the advent of the lab will improve income for farmers and revenue in the state government and also help food security in the country.
Farmers in Plateau State, however, believe that the tissue la, if it is fully equipped, will reduce the cost of treatment for the crops when diseases affect them.
They also hope that better quality seeds will be available at affordable prices.
FG never returns 4.2m Ibori loot to Delta Accountant General
The Office of the Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF) revealed on Wednesday that the Federal Government has yet to return the 4.2 million loot recovered from former governments.
They are still waiting for the money after that the issues will be resolved before any further actions.
For now, any funds have been returned to Delta State, according to a statement from the office reveal, signed by the Director of Information, Press and Public Relations, Henshaw Ogubike.
The statement said the issue of the 4.2million looted by Ibori was yet to be resolved.
In a previous comment made by the Accountant General of the National Assembly that the loot had been returned to the government of Delta, Henshaw Ogubike said: The Agf is only getting the loot to the
The three Super League strongheads do not agree against UEFA coercion.
Super League three Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus insisted on Wednesday that they are remaining committed to modernise football even as UEFA is threating to discipline the football.
UEFA opened a formal disciplinary deal on Tuesday against three clubs who did not agree to give up on the aborted Super League project.
In a joint statement, Juventus in Italy, and the two Spanish sides said they remain committed to modernising football through an open dialogue with the UEFA.
FC Barcelona, Juventus FC and Real Madrid CF wish to express their absolute rejection of the insistent coercion the UEFA has been mentaining towards the three institutions relatively related.
This attitude to raise alarm constitutes a breach of the decision of the Courts of Justice decision, which has made a clear statement to warn UEFA to stop taking any actions that would have been made
Therefore, as UEFA took disciplinary proceedings are incomprehensible and it is a direct attack against the rule of law that we, as citizens of the European Union, have built up the rule of law that
China gives up to 140 million COVID-19 vaccines
China has administered 139.97 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines as of April 4, 2021, according to the National Health Commission (NHC) of the country.
China is working to ensure vaccination efforts in major areas and key sector industries based on the overall plan of the country, inoculating the eligible population.
The country has been gathering resources to ensure inoculation in large and medium sized cities, cities with prot, areas with high risk of infection, etc.
At present, Beijing, Shanghai and some other places in China have given the vaccine to senior citizens who are above 60 and patients who are above the age of 60 and patients who are above the age of
He Qinghua, an official of the NHC, noted that the commission would advance the vaccination campaign with orders of importance, following the principle of informed consent, volunteering the principle
The country is coordinating regular prevention and control with its vaccination efforts, to ensure that the regular responsibility of local governments and the ones that have been able to ensure that
Besides, China has taken steps to include more people in their vaccination campaigns to ensure their health, the official added.
So far, China has approved COVID-19 vaccines produced by five enterprises for conditional marketing or for emergency use.
Phase III of three non-activated vaccines and one adenovirus vaccine demonstrated that they efficacy met the requirements of the National Medical Products Administration for health care.
Phase II trials of the recombinant protein subunit vaccine approved for emergency use have demonstrated that the vaccine is safe and can cause strong immune response.
All the COVID-19 vaccines adopted by China have gone through clinical studies following relevant standards approved by the national drug regulatory organization.
All vaccines should be monitored and made temperature records from time to time to ensure that they meet the requirements on temperature environment and transportation.
Li added that the health regulators in China have also enhanced efforts in the training of health workers, requiring them to obey operating instructions, so that they can also be able to enable them
Wema Bank doing essay contest for children
Wema Bank Plc is hosting a creative essay competition to test the creative writing ability of young children aged five to 12 years.
The 2021 Royal Kiddies Essay Competition, tagged Write and Win, aims to develop writing skills, promote creativity, imagination capacity, reward creativity and drive development of writing skills, pr
Ten kids will emerge in a screening process that will be transparent, credible and thorough.
The three essays contain Huawei tablets and Royal Kiddies branded T-shirts.
The remaining seven finalists will get N20,000 prepaid gift cards each for school supplies including a branded T-shirt.
The essay competition will be open to children whose parents are open, including funding Royal Kiddies Account or wards, and entries will close by May 24, 2021.
From Hushpuppi to Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang
Twelve months ago, Ramoni Abass (37 years), known as hushpuppi, was arrested in June 2020 in Dubai allegedly for money laundering from business email compromises.
The total money he made is $435 million after defrauding 1,926,400 victims.
After a year, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) also arrested Abidemi Rufai (known as Sandy Tang), Senior Special Assistant on Special Duties to Ogun State Governor, Abdullahi Abubakar, who
The funds were saved as relief money for a pandemic designed by Washington State for those who may have lost jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The fraud occurred during the lockdown and the investigation bureau began tracking the alleged fraudsters making law in the Nigeria Federal House of Representatives if elected by the President.
The fraud was committed by stealing identities of Washington residents over 100 as they filled false claims with the Employment Security Department (ESD) for pandemic-related unemployment unemploymen
New e-mail accounts were created for each stolen identity to identify the claims with different persons to escape the automatic fraud detection system.
After that, he had paid over $288,000 for his bank accounts in America between March and August 2020.
Cybercrime is a global threat to people, organisations and countries.
Nigeria loses over $128 billion to cybercrimes yearly.
By the end of 2021, the world will have lost a total of $6 trillion.
Until date, there have been more than 40 Nigerians or who are still investigated for complicity in fraudulent scams.
The alleged unemployment benefit fraud by Rufai will be under what I have called COVID-19 fraud in Nigeria.
This is a scam using loopholes that have caused by the COVID-19 pandemic to scam people, government pro organizations.
During the COVID-19 lockdown in Nigeria, cybercriminals were doing frauds along the interventions from government and private sectors and scammed many and some of the stakeholders.
Domino pizza fraud, federal government cash palliative fraud, N20, 000 Dangote relief fund fraud and promo sales frauds among others.
When some are involving in cyber-criminality outside Nigeria, some youngsters do it in Nigeria.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) is arresting, also tried and convicting them.
Understanding the culture that sustains cyber-criminality can help serious governments to fight the crime.
The family is the little world in the larger society.
It is the place where normal human beings are supposed to be nutured in the society.
Apart from the fact that many families in Nigeria are in the dungeon of poverty and it is hard to take care of their children, some of the children have become breadwinners, as well as breadwinners,
Ethical behaviour training in many homes has been a challenge as parents and children gathered for cyber-criminality.
In some other places, Yahoo boys mothers are forming associations to celebrate their childrens success and justify their criminal acts.
In the religious setting, pastors, alfa and traditionalists make home and benefit from yahoo-boyism.
Moral teachings came for materialistic Pentecostalism to enter.
It was a viral video where some boys were spraying money while shepherds in a white garment church were enjoying the captive the moment, as members of the church.
Born in 1999 when Nigeria entered democracy again is 21 years now.
Sadly, they grow to appreciate life as a way of life from politicians mouth (and in many cases from home) who decieve people to vote for them and without fulfilling themselves.
Lying is also the foundation of the sociology of hushpuppism.
Youths socialise daily in corruption by people in public offices.
They are seen how the system gives farudulent people soft landing (in public or private).
Are they asking how many fraud and corruption allegations have been investigated and discharged with punishment when the accuse was guilty?
The majority of cases ended with off-the-mic like as the Nigeria Delta Development Commission (NDDC) case ended like a family affair.
The youths are seen as celebrating flamboyant lifestyle in dirty.
They are seeing how poor political aspirants become millionaires within months of entering office.
They see how traditional institutions have become cash and carry when giving chieftancy titles.
Tertiary educational institutions, with few exceptions, award undeserving honours in exchange of money.
All of those who mismanage money have soft landing.
To add to this list of cultures that nuture cybercrime is the lyrical glamour that some Nigerian musicians give to cybercrime while presenting cybercrime as they present cybercrime as work and presen
If a fraud person is elected as a legislator, will he make law against the involved crimes?
The process taken by party leaders to give party nominations to the highest bid must be reviewed if we want to stop importing problematic tokunbo things into our country.
It is unfortunate that the critical reasoning of party leaders was low when shown them money.
They provided a platform for dubious characters to cover up and the society worsened with action.
Greed also causes cyber-criminality.
The FBI agent incestigating Rufai, Donald Voiret said greed is a powerful motivator.
Unfortunately, the greed alleged by this defendant is affecting all taxpayers.
To move forward, we cannot live in sin, expecting grace to abound.
Nigeria should sanitise its anti-coruption system and put an accoutability policy in place to track lifestyle with material accumulation.
We must give youths in Nigeria hope by creating employment opportunities, reducing poverty and reviewing reward systems.
The EFCC needs to invest in technology and expose detectives to modern cybercrime investigation procedures.
The commission needs to complete investigation before the arrest of suspects as the FBI did before the arrest of husband and Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang.
Unless the culture of sustaining cybercrimes in Nigeria with social social engineering, cyber-criminality will continue to spread.
Dr Tade, a sociologist, wrote this piece published on dotad2003@yahoo.com
DRC president Tshisekedi enters chair of African Union
President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Felix Tshisekedi entered chair of the African Union on Saturday.
He entered office for the first day in the 34th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government in Addis Ababa.
He comes after South African president Cyril Ramaphosa as the rotating chair of the organization.
The Au will aim to address the bad impact of COVID-19 on the continent.
The union
Official theme for 2021 is Arts, Culture, and Heritage: Levers in Building the Africa We Want.
Despite country and continent-wide control measures, the impact of COVID-19 has carried massive human, financial and soci-economic costs on Africans, said Tshisekedi.
The crisis however gives us the opportunity to re-examine our socio-economic priorities and work towards a sustainable and inclusive economic growth which will enable women and women to enable women
We must rely more on ourselves and find collective solutions to our problems.
Tshisekedi said the DRC during his time as head of the union was looking to elevate African voices.
It will also focus on sustainable development by and in Africa.
We will work to ensure integral well-being, peace and security, health care and strong response against COVID-19, including food security.
Agricultural transformation, education, gender equality, climate justice, for people and good to move freely, and freedom of speech and religion including enhancing our communities.
New challenges in Lagos PDP concerning LG polls
A new challenge has been gathering in the Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) concerning the release of guidelines for the conduct of the local government.
Engr Doherty, who had been in battle with many of his colleagues at the State Working Committee (SWC), which led to his suspension recently, released the guidelines on Friday.
It is recalled that the State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) has released the timetable for the elections held on Saturday, July 24, 2021.
Within the lingering internal strife in the State PDP, the Chairman released the guidelines, which as we heard was not good in the eyes of most of the executive members who said that they did
A member of the state executive said the chairman planned the timetable unilaterally without involving other executive members.
It was learnt that other factions of the party opposed Doherty to counter the embattled Chairman this over the guidelines.
The executive member, who spoke on conditions of being anonymous, said the position of the vex members would enter public this week, insisting on that key members of the Committee would be sidelined
How it feels to be born in the pandemic By Dil Afrose Jahan.
When news of death are everywhere, a new life brings happiness and hope.
On January 1, 2020, a new morning, two red lines changed my life.
I have belle and I am happy.
It is a mamzing start to a new year.
It was the most remarkable year of my life.
All of a sudden, everythimg changed.
My daughter Roshomon Tara was born at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Bangladesh; she is now nine months old. I born my child, Roshomon Tara at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Banglad
She was the reason I became mother in the middle of a global crisis.
Not only her, but it was also new me, mama Tara, who spent the whole pregnancy in lockdown at home and born the children in emergency conditions in the emergency station.
Tara has seen the world with masks and isolation.
Her grandma are also fearing to touch her or come near her without wearing a mask.
If there is no pandemic, my journey to enter motherhood was different.
This Mothers Day was very special as my children were in my front, looking at me and smile.
On the last mothers day, she was growing inside me.
The only thing that does not change, meanwhile, is the pandemic.
It was a 16-week belle in me when the pandemic occurred and the world entered into lockdown.
I am struggling to survive the pandemic with my hormonal and physical changes.
The 22 weeks are like war.
My husband, Sina Hasan, was a musician, and all his concerts were cancelled at that time.
I am a freelance journalist since January 1, 2021.
So we depended on what I have already saved, and we spent all my savings.
Our parents and two journalists associations came forward to help at the main time.
I am fearing everythimg.
Most of the time, it is like it is dead.
They were knocked on our doors.
I am adapting to a new life where we click online and deliver our things or home-delivery.
I have to wait for one week to deliver groceries like day.
I was even fearing to send the only family member who lives with me, my husband to leave to buy food storage.
So, I didn't eat.
Besides, I couldn't go for my antenatal check-up as time was given.
And I am not sure if my children are growing well or if timely development is taking place.
I am so sorry for my unborn child that I am bringing him into a world that is different from as it ever been.
Tele-medication helped me pass some hard time within the last three months.
I forgot the face of my gynaecologist.
I cannot imagine how she would take a look if she did not wear PPE.
I need to be informed about risks, precautions, and how to get emergency medical help.
A lot of information was flowing around.
In this informate situation, mothers who experienced my mother, and my mother-in-law can only support me and not meet me as a person when I am getting beloved.
Traditionally, experienced mothers and mostly older women in the family will help new mothers with experiences plus observation.
I have had many panic attacks because I have no information and understanding.
So I had a digital experience of mothers who gave birth during this time.
I see social media as a lifeline.
I read a lot of exciting experiences on social media when I was following a group of over 100,000 women with belle and giving children breasts for support.
Different media groups on the platform have helped more than 100,000 women belling and giving children breasts by sharing experiences and information during the lockdown.
One of the groups helped me find a health care facility to take emmergency ultrasound after heavy bleeding fired in the lockdown.
Another group helps to curb anxiety and the depression following childbirth.
I was very upset that I couldn't meet my parents, relatives, or friends to share the joy of welcoming a new member in the family.
My daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was decades ago. I was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was born dec
And she met another child one on one when she was four months old on December 31, 2020, when Tara and her father went to the rooftop with me to see the fireworks.
Another fimily with two babies, who were my first neighbour who I was meeting for the first time, also went there to speak byebye in 2020.
Every day is, and still a gift, to consider the recent statistics of increased COVID-19 cases.
When news about death is full everywhere, the new life brings happiness and hope.
For mothers, it is not different from winning war as they were born in the pandemic and caring for the new children alone, to confirm the highest safety for them.
Socially, emotionally, and physically, this can challenge a person.
Thanks to the light that shined in the eyes of the babies.
Thanks to my children, my daughters, for whom I was my mother and a successful fighter who survived this pandemic.
Dil Afrose Jahan has received the National Geographic Society's Emergency Fund for journalists.
This work was supported by the National Geographic Society.
The national question, insecurity and the declaration in Asaba
By Segun Tomori
Recently, governors in southern Nigeria met in Asaba and made some resolutions on the state of the nation, which was known as Asaba Declaration.
The meeting is coming on the matter as insecurity in the country is increasingly worsening, agitations by some kind of ethnic jingoists and as the matter of murderous herdsmen menaces are generating
Indeed, the bi-partisan nature of the meeting alongside the unanimity of the 17 governors displayed showed that they meant serious business.
Restructuring in the context of true federalism and the ban of open grazing form the concept of the declaration.
Major lights followed are to bring state police, devolution of power, review revenue formulas to favour a federating unit, including the need for a national dialogue to take discussions and discussio
They should condemn the way governors are taking dragging legs on financial autonomy in state legislature and judiciary without following the spirit of true federalism which is not the spirit of true
The leading light in the APC will expect that the leading light in the APC will take advantage of the bipartisan nature of the Asaba declaration, and the support of the major opposition parties to ta
Instead, we saw attempts to take play to the gallery and in some quarters, subtle censure of the governor.
The El-Rufai committee has recommended a devolution of power, resource control, state police, local government autonomy including a review in revenue formula in favour of federating unions.
President Buhari has given support for local government, state legislature and judiciary autonomy since, backing amendments in the statutes and issuing Executive Orders.
As the state of the nation is, where security and economic have become a huge challenge, these two sectors should be given the untimate attention together.
Despite being rated as the country with the highest GDP in Africa, we have not been able to translate it to improve standards of living.
For instance now, our annual budget of $35 billion, is very inadequate to cater for the needs of 220 million Nigerians.
South Africa, which has about 58 million people, has a national budget of $75bn in 2019 and its Social Protection Programme reached 17m of its population.
The efforts by the Buhari administration, though is a new way and commendable, have just dropped into the ocean and not adequate to make required impact.
There is a devolution of power and resource control.
Solid minerals and natural resources have no business to stay more than one day in the Exclusive list.
Almost all the states in the country have natural resources that can be explored to create wealth and generate the foreign exchange that the country needs.
The present system where states go to Abuja to collect federal allocations within the country breeds indolence, not following the principle of true federalism.
Just as the El-Rufai committee proposed that the revenue formula should be reviewed in favour of states since they would add more responsibilities to them.
On the state police, it is understandable that they are fearing fear that governors will abuse him, but as Richie Nortondon said, To escape fear, you have to go through it, not a long way.
For too long, we have been walking round fear of abuse of state police, we have turned blind eyes to the centralised Nigeria Police Force which has been overstretched and which has been overstretched
As Vice-President Osinbajo said some years ago, State Police was an idea that had come.
We have to address our fears and overcome it.
One of the ways is to enact a legal instrument to establish the State Police Regulatory Commission (SPRC), along with constitutional amendments that will permit state police police officers to provid
It will have a similar function with the Federal Police Service Commission (PSC) but will have wider power to exercise appointive plus regulatory functions.
The ban on open grazing restated by governors is not anything, it is part of the fulcrum of the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) implemented by the National Executive Director, National
The International Crisis Group (ICG) has put the NLTP as the most comprehensive effort Nigeria has made to date to take overhaul the inefficient and grosly underperforming industry.
In the core, migratory or open grazing is a strategy to curb migratory or open grazing and thus lower the risk of conflict between herders and farmers, therefore, beggars beliefs that some myopathic
The federal and state governments should move very fast to fully implement this new plan so that we can put this farmers-herders clash from time to time behind us.
The convocation of a National Dialogue, which is the major demand of the Asaba declaration, might not be necessary since reports from the 2014 National Conference including recommendations from the U
The two reports made far reaching recommendations that the elected governors and the legislators within the national assembly can agree on, instead of wanting to want to want to want to want to want
On the issue of separatist agitations, they should bring modalities to a referendum as is in the constitution.
It is almost certain that a majority of Nigerians want to live together without minding our differences.
To do this then take the sail to the wind of divisive elements, who are faning the fire of hate and discord.
The Southern Governors have affirmed their commitment to a United Nigeria on the basis of justice, fairness and equity, so must every patriotic Nigerian.
Although we have challenges similar to every other country, we must listen to ourselves as US President Joe Bidden often said.
Tomori lives in Abuja
Two officers dead as IPOB fire on police station
Never reaching 24 hours after the newly appointed commissioner of police in Anambra, Christopher Adetokumbo Owolabi, resumed, the Obosi Police suspects attacked Obosi Police.
The attackers late on Wednesday attacked the police station late on Wednesday, freeing all detained persons before the station was set on fire.
A spokesman at the police station where the incident was affected, said several suspects entered and attacked the police station around 11pm.
He identified the dead officers as Inspector James and Awalu.
The source said the victims were killed in a non-functional filling station located close to the police station.
The source also said when other on-duty police officers were noticing the unusual movement of the unknown gunmen, they ran and the attackers had the time to burn their firearms.
Meanwhile, the police in Anambra have confirmed the killing of two of them.
The Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the command, who confirmed the attack, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, who confirmed the attack, said the state commissioner of police had dispatched a tactical team from
The tactical team led by the Assistant Commissioner of Police was instructions to see on the spot assessment of the place.
The team was also urged to identify and catch the suspects of the attacks, he said.
Ikenga, who added that the body of the two police was in the nearby morgue, said investigation was commenced.
NEPC, Commonwealth collaborate on production of professional service export data
The Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC) and the Commonwealth Secretariat London want to collaborate to produce reliable data on exports to professional services in the country.
When he was speaking at the inaugural meeting of the National Consultative Committee for the International Trade-in-Services (NCCITS) held under the Commonwealth Secretariat Leadership Programme (CSL
Awolowo said they had earlier tried to create awareness on the trade-in service sector of the economy, including the creation of a National Strategy for Export of Professionals.
He said the Commonwealth has helped Nigeria to develop a road-map for the sector in 2016.
The NEPC said the current focus in collaboration with the Commonwealth Secretariat is on data/statistics collection and management.
This is critical to our efforts in export as it will fill the gap of collecting or capturing data from relevant institutions in order to generate, analyse, he said.
NITDA, firm to launch tech startup funds in July
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) and a firm beasing in the United States Mass Challenge have signed an agreement to financially support between 10 National Information T
Director General of NITDA, Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi said this on Tuesday during a virtual media stakeholder engagement with officials of MassChallenge.
Abdullahi said the initiative was designed to identify and accelerate top Nigerian start-ups and grow their businesses to serve the Nigeria and global market.
The DG of NITDA, who said the initiative would be launched in July, added that it would improve tech innovation and entrepreneurship across the country.
A vibrant ecosystem is highly critical to the future of our country and it is vital to finding solutions to our various challenges.
Innovation is a prominent way to create properity for all and to lift countries out of poverty.
The CEO of MassChallenge, Siobhan Dullea, said the firm has supported over 2,900 start-ups across the world and that the firms have generated $3.6 billion revenue and created jobs.
Kidnappers take two women into Abuja council
Two women, Christiana Isa Attah and Favor David, have been kidnapped behind Anguwar Kpokpolobi community in Naharati, Abaji Area Council, FCT.
Mother of the two victims, Mrs. Ruth Attah, a retired school teacher, told our reporter at her house that the incident happened around midnight of Saturday.
She said she was sleeping and the children were in the room when the kidnappers entered the house after jumping a fence not too high.
She said one window was broken to take enter the room where her children were sleeping and taken out with a gun.
When the girls noticed that they were trying to break the window, they ran to my room to hide, but the kidnappers followed them to my room, and took all of us out, she said.
According to her, the kidnappers left her after a few metres passing home when they noticed that she could not go away because of old age.
After crossing the river, where I could not be able to go back home, the other gang member told me to go back home with my two kids, she added.
A resident in the area, who was anonymous, said the kidnappers did the operation for more than one hour while shooting up to scare people from them.
He said no security man came here when the kidnappers were shot into air for more than one hour.
Daily Trust gathered that until that very day, the woman and her children were always sleeping at their neighbouring house and went back home because they are fearing the kidnappers as they go back h
We also gather that one of the daughters of the woman, a class teacher in the area, are preparing for the wedding on next month.
The spokesman of the police command in FCT, ASP Maryam Yusuf, did not pick a call or reply a text message sent to her phone to confirm the latest news.
Why I am running for gov in the Anambra Anglican Priest
An Anglican Priest, Rev Godwin Okonkwo, has said he is racing for the November governorship election in Anambra state because he wants to bring the fear of God and knowledge.
Okonkwo, who spoke with Daily Trust on Wednesday shortly after speaking with his supporters in Awka, the Anambra state capital, said the state is lagging behind in terms of economic development.
The people here at now have not begun to manage the resources of Anambra State for the good of the Anambra people.
I believe we can do better by managing the resources of the state.
It is time to move from a lukewarm attitude of leadership to better leadership.
I am for the APC to change the poor outing the party in the state in the past years, he said.
Barty beats Kvitova to play last four matches with Badosa
Ashleigh Barty will take on Paula Badosa in the semifinal of Madrid Open after beating Petra Kvitova 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 on Wednesday.
World No 1 Barty is chasing her fourth singles title for the year after winning in Stuttgart 10 days ago.
In the last four she will face the woman who beat her out in the quarterfinal in Charleston in early April.
On Wednesday, the Australian was ousted against who had two times won Wimbledon two times including 2015, 2018 Madrid Open winner Kvitova.
Wildcard Badosa became the first Spanish woman in the tournament for 12-year-old to make the semi with her 6-4, 7-5 win over eighth seed Belinda Bencic.
Mummies of Pharaohs paraded in Egypt
Twenty-two mummies of pharaohs walked on the streets of Cairo on Saturday evening in a stunning royal procession from the Egyptian Museum on Tahrir Square to the new National Army.
The event marked the launch of the NMEC.
Against the backdrop of fireworks, the mummies  18 kings and four queens travelled in order of age on purpose-built gold-colored pharaonic chariots, equipped with an aircraft and an aircraft to
Seqenenre Tao II, who ruled Upper Egypt around 1,600 BCE, led the parade, while Ramses ix, who ruled in the 12th century BCE, broke up the rear.
Following the strict international standards for the transport of artifacts, the royal remains were placed in state-of-the-art sterile display cases to guarantee their immaculation.
The mummies were followed by 60 motorcycles, 150 horses, and a pharaonic music ensemble conducted by renowned Egyptian maestro Nader Abbassi.
The procession started with a 21-gun salute, circled the obelisk at the closed Tahrir Square, and then proceeded along the Nile to NMEC, where Egyptian President Abdel Abdel Abdel Abdel Abdel Abdel A
The parade which lasted in 40-minutes won participation of 12 celebs in Egypt, as 200+ global TV channels broadcasted.
The pricelees artifacts will be spent in the next two weeks at the NMECs laboratory, where they will be prepared for installation in the Royal Mummies Hall, located in the valley.
The Royal Mummies Hall will be opened to visitors on April 18, marking World Heritage Day.
To promote the launch, NMEC is offering a 50 percent discount on entry ticket price to the Central Exhibition Hall for visitors from April 4 to enter 17.
Additionally, representatives of local and international media have the opportunity to take pictures and video of the artifacts in the Central Exhibition Hall for free on April.
Overlooking Ain Al Sira in the heart of the historical city of Ustat near Babylon Fortress, NMEC is one of the largest and most important archeology museums in the world.
Uproar at Kano prison concerning illicit drugs
There was a pandemonium in Kano central prison in Kurmawa on Thursday evening over bad drugs.
The uproar began when the warders in the prison were detected and siezed cannabis, allegedly brought to inmates on Thursday evening.
When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) in Kano State, Musbahu Lawal Kofar Nasarawa, confirmed the matter, adding that the matter was confirmed by the
He said, Someone brought cannabis into the prison and our operatives received it, so they began shouting, saying we should give them,he said.
We have already set up a committee to find out how such illicit drugs come into the house; whether it is brought into the food brought to one of the prisoners.
The action did not have anythimg with jailbreak, it was just an uproar, we have already reinforced the order back in the custodial centre, he added.
There is rumour that the prisoners were planning to break the jail to take an attempt to escape as they rejected the food given to them to break fast, on top of collecting donational bugs.
The NCoS spokesperson has debunked the rumours, describing them as baseless.
Daily Trust reports that the 100-year prison located in Kurmawa area, behind Palace of Emir in the metropolis is the biggest custodial centre in the state.
FG calls for global action against terrorism, drug trafficking
The federal government has urged world leaders to give international cooperation strength as part of their efforts to successfully fight terrorism and carrying drugs, including other crimes.
This is even as Nigeria expressed concern over the incident of bad financial flow from a developed economy to a developed economy.
This is part of the position Nigeria presented at the ongoing Conference of the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, which was ongoing, in the countryside of the United
Spokesman of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Femi Babafemi, spoke as the Chairman/Chief Executive of the agency, Brig-Gen.
Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd), who presented the position of Nigeria at items 6C and 7 at the meeting, said as a nation is deepening cooperation and strengthening the processes and strengthening the proc
It is also necessary to put eyes on and control as illicit traffic spreads, drugs that affect brains, leading to violence.
Nigeria is also worried that the link between terrorism and other forms of crime like corruption, bad flow of money, money laundering, etc.
While delivering a statement from Nigeria on item 6C on Wednesday, Marwa said as a nation is renewing, they desire to take improved international cooperation to address the challenges.
When presenting the statement of the country on Item 7 on Thursday, Marwa said, Nigeria notes with great concern the incidence of illicit financial flows, which we are passing through the country.
To advise the people of this bad, including financial institutions acting as enablers, the state parties should ensure that illicit financial flow, when they are allowed to ensure illicit financial f
In this regard, we are calling for implementation of the recommendations of the facti panel for support of access recorvery and the Agenda 2030 for sustainable development.
Timipre Sylva, Kurfi celebrate as Chelsea win Champions League victory
Two prominent persons were included in the former Governor of Bayelsa State and present Minister of State for Petroleum, Mr. Timipre Marlin Sylva and the Chairman of Katsina State Federal Government,
In an all-English final, former champions Chelsea shocked Man City 1-0 in the Estadio.
Dragao in Porto to win their second trophy.
Kai Havertz, one of the most expensive additions from last summer, scored the goal that decided to put a third defeat in a row on Pep Guardiola's City.
Moments after the match, the former governor tweeted I supported Chelsea FC for the UCL trophy, and I didn't regret.
Kurfi who watched the proceedings in Abuja with Sylva said he created time to watch the match with the former Bayelsa State governor to support and celebrate with him after the win.
I need to support him because he is an avid fan of Chelsea.
I also appear that at the end, he has a reason to celebrate.
No one knows that His Excellency Timipre Sylva is a passionate in sports, especially football.
On my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I am the father to all supporters of different clubs in my state.
I was with Chelsea from where I was loaned to Katsina United.
From United, I was loaned to Kufri Tigers, and presently, I am in every club, as Kufri said.
Elections in Uganda: President Museveni has early lead, rivals say fraud
President Yoweri Museveni took early lead in the presidential elections in Ugand, according to results first entered from the electoral commission on Friday morning.
This is according to his main rival, he said he had proof that fraud has entered the election.
With 29.4 per cent of votes from the ballot voted on Thursday, Museveni won 1,852,263 votes, or 63.9 per cent as main opposition candidate Bobi Wine.
Wine alleges fraud
Wine, a singer who has also become a lawmaker who has killed young Ugandans with calls for political change, told a news conference Friday that he had a video of proof that he had a video of proof th
He earlier said he had expressed confidence that he would win despite many frauds and violence.
Museveni, who has led the country in East Africa with 46 million people in 34 years, has not said anythimg as at noon.
Internet blackout
On Wednesday, the government ordered the internet blockade till further notice, a day after all social media and messaging apps were banned.
Wine and his supporters used Facebook to show live coverage of his campaigns and news conferences after saying many media outlets did not agree to host him.
The election campaign spoiled with a deadly crackdown on opposition candidates and their supporters.
The bubble capital of Uganda, Kampala, normally was quiet on Friday, a public holiday after the vote on Thursday, while most shops were closed.
Soldiers patrolled with legs in a suburb Reuters visited.
Commission head, Simon Byabakama, assured the nation on live TV on Thursday evening after polls closed that results had been entering at the national tally centre despite the closure of polls.
We don't use local internet to transmit results, we use our own systems, he said, without giving details of the system.
No one, result will come, Byabakama joins
A new wave of pandemic hits more in Japans prefectures.
Japan is ready to expand its present state of emergency to cover three more prefectures, said the government on Friday.
This is following widespread infection of coronavirus in the country ahead of the Tokyo Olympics in summer.
The prefectures in Hokkaido, Okayama and Hiroshima are likely to get the measure from Sunday to enter the end of May, as Economic Revitalisation Minister, Yasutoshi Nishi, said.
A panel of experts endorsed the proposal, according to Nishimura, who is in charge of the coronavirus response by the government.
The northern island of Hokkaido reported a record of 712 new infections on Thursday while the western prefecture of Hiroshima also saw a record of 219 new cases on Wednesday.
Hiroshima and Okayama canceled the torch relay that would happen the nest week on public roads.
International Olympic Committee President, Thomas Bach, is supposed to participate in the torch relay event in Hiroshima on May 17.
However, local organizers said Bachs travel to Japan was postponed before the games.
The postpone was as the government extended the state of emergency in Tokyo including three other prefectures until until the end of May, adding two more regions including Nigeria, Nigeria, Nigeria,
The government declared the state of emergency in the four prefectures within April, requesting bars and restaurants stop serving alcohol and dye on them.
Experts have given warning that more contagious variants could spread quickly, especially as the rolling of the coronavirus vaccine was very slow since the launch of the latest.
Only one per cent of Japan's population is produced by only one per cent.
Over 125 million have been vaccinated fully.
Farmers to benefit from mechanised farm in Jigawa
The Malam Alu Agro Allied Company, which is a farm on a 100-hectare of land in Faru village, along Maiduguri road, Birnin Kudu Local Government Area of Jigawa State.
When the farm was established almost five years ago, as we gathered, it was a direct response to the call by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to strengthen Nigerias economic developme
Each cattle has an ear tag attached to him in the ear.
Founder of the company, Farouk Adamu Aliyu, a former member of the House of Representatives, keyed into it, the GGM added.
We are doing greenhouse farming.
We have a 10,000 square-metre fully automated soilles greenhouse, where we produce tomatoes.
We also have two 250 square-metre greenhouses where we produce other greenhouse vegetables, and another 500 square-metre greenhouse, used as a nursery.
These greenhouses are all foreign-oriented, which we have installed to produce varieties of vegetables.
Tomatoes are produced in the 10,000 square automated soilless greenhouses; and we produce an average of 10 to 11 tons of tomatoes each week.
We are also having another 10,000 square-metre locally fabricated greenhouse.
We also have a livestock section, where we have over 300 herds of cattle, some camel, goat and sheep, he said.
Daily Trust gathered that the farm also has a fishery unit, with about 50,000 fish in the pond.
Similarly, a forty-ton per hour fertilizer blending plant installed in the early part of the year, as we learnt, has produced reach 300 loads of NPK fertilizer (NPK).
We have imported equipment to install 120,000 capacity in poultry systems.
We hope to produce reach between 3,000-4,000 crates of egg in a day, Mansur said.
He said the farm, also has a plant of diary, which produces 2,000 litres of milk in a day, producing 2,000 litres of milk in a day, adding that they also have about 150-200 hectres of land elsewhere.
Masur said the major buyers of the tomato are premium customers, notably, huge hotels in Abuja and Lagos, including some other locations.
He confirmed, however, that the main market for the product was mainly in the eastern part of the country like Enugu, Onitsha, Owerri.
However, he admits that apart from the little customers in Kano, they are not too much seen tomato products in the local market for some reason.
First is the fact that the tomato produced in their farm is a special specie and the second reason is the fact that Jigawa is the major area of producing tomato.
You know that tomatoes are a common product here, so our prices are less than what is in the open market.
So, essentially, people don't actually look at our side, feel apprehensive with what we have because they believe it costs.
And when you have products available everywhere, it is sure that people will buy the cheapest ones.
The fish were fed by a farmer.
When asked about the average lifespan of the tomato product, he said, If you give the tomato everything it takes, it means that nutrional supplements you take for it as much.
But even without it, it will last at a minimum of one week, not in refrigeration, and not in presure and a lot of heat.
It can be placed on a table where there is good ventilation.
It can last at average of 10 days, but if provided as required (every nutrient) it can last up to one month.
We have experimented it, but then it happened not as you are always wanting.
The farm is a source of employment for about 200 people in the village where it was located.
He also said the company had some people to train the youths in the area on information technology skills.
He further said most of the equipment used for the field is from Turkey, except the fertilizer-blending machine, imported from China.
He said even the farming method was similar in Turkey, because they had a Turkish partner who helped them to maintain the standard, but quickly added that the company was able to maintain the standar
Reflecting on the effects of COVID-19 on the operations of the company, Mansur said, Malam Alu, as other corporate entities in the country, suffered from devastating economic challenges.
In Mansur, youths in Nigeria have no excuse to remain unemployed with the kind of opportunities provided by agriculture, noting that the people looking for white-collar jobs are looking for white-col
He believes Nigeria has been doing what it is supposed to have, noting that if the country has taken this step, they would have cornered the present economic challenges.
2023: Lawmakers seek better deal in Southern Kaduna
The member representing Jaba Constituency in the State House of Assembly in Kaduna, Samson Monday Dikko, has called on better people to come together and map on more people to come together and map o
Speaking after a meeting with stakeholders in Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State last weekend, Dikko, who is aspiring to be senator in the Peoples Local Government Area of Kaduna Sta
It is time for the entire Southern Kaduna people to get it right.
We need to transform our region and improve security, education, health, agriculture, economy, employment and empowerment for the teeming youth and we will do so with non-government agencies.
The Director-General of the Campaign Organisation in Dikko, Timothy Chindo Kwassam, said the destiny of the people of Kaduna South Senatorial District would be owned.
For everything under the sun, there is reason.
So as Dikko comes in this critical period of time is not an ordinary coincidence, but a divine play from God to liberate the region from everything that hinders it from everything that hinders it fro
Two Africans, no Nigerians among, as City, Chelsea contest UEFA Champions League final.
No doubt that football fans in Nigeria are eagerly awaiting for the 2020/2021 UEFA Champions League finals tonight where two English clubs are Manchester United.
With view of the fact that the UEFA Champions League is one of the biggest football competitions only next to the FIFA World Cup and the Olympic football events, level of expectation is high.
Without winning a Champions League title before, Chelsea won their first and only title in 2012.
Therefore, despite football pundits have been tipped by football pundits City who have just won premiership number seven to win this night, Chelsea will enter into the contest with good credentials.
They are former champions.
However, while leading the technical crew of Chelsea has yet to win the Champions League, his opponent in Manchester City dugout, Pep Guardiola has won a 1-0 title.
He won it with Barcelona in 2009 and in 2010.
Therefore, there is much to expect from the actors who will leave the field at Estadio.
Do Dragao in Porto and the men who will take charge of the technical area.
Interestingly, even as both contestants have only three African players in Riyad Mahrez (Algeria, Manchester City), Hakim Ziyech (Morocco, Chelsea) and Edourad Menday (Chelsea).
Senegal, Chelsea (Senegal, Chelsea) the interest of Africa in the final has dropped.
In Nigeria here, where Chelsea and Manchester City are enjoying many followers from passionate football fans, expection has been causing fever, and leading to international challenges.
Fans of other clubs left out of the other stages of the Champions League can re-align themselves with either Chelsea or Manchester City as the interests are diverse.
The consequence is that the final is one of the most talked topics in sports at the moment and fans of the premiereship club have continued to predict as the final will be the final.
However, as it is likely that almost everyone is waiting to savour the football artistry that can be displayed, some pundits are as nombres of African players in the final of the final.
Following history in the UEFA Champions League, only 24 African footballers have contested and won the trophies with the European clubs.
It was sad that African football legends like Liberia's George Weah, who was voted as World Footballer of the Year in 1995, were voted as World Footballer of the Year in 1995.
Rashidi Yekini of Nigeria, Mohamed Aboutrika of Egypt, Roger Mila of Cameroon, Jay-Jay Okocha, Sunday Oliseh, Taribo West and Victor Ikpeba of Nigeria, Rigobert Song of Congo.
Although Mo Salah (Egypt), Sadio Mane (Senegal), Joel Matip (Cameroon) and Naby Keita (Guinea) were at the big stage when Liverpool won their 6th UEFA Champions League title.
He achieved the feat with Liverpool in 1984.
The title was won by Algerian legend Rabah Madjer who won it with FC Porto in 1987 and Abedi Pele (Ghana) in 1993 with Olympique Marseille followed him, before Nigeria returned.
A duo of George Findi and Nwankwo Kanu lifted him with Ajax Amsterdam in 1995.
It is also recorded that Geremi Njitap of Cameroon was the first African to win the title twice in 2000 and 2002 with Spanish giants Real Madrid, Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon and Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon
Other Africans who have won the highky coveted trophy are Ibrahim Tanko (Ghana).
Borussia Dortmund 1997, Samuel Kuffour (Ghana) Bayern Munich 2001, Benni McCarthy (South Africa) FC Porto 2004, Djimi Traore (Mali)
Liverpool 2005, Yaya Toure (Cote dIvoire)
Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Seydou Keita (Mali) Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Sully Muntari (Ghana)
Inter Milan 2010 and McDonald Mariga (Kenya) 2010.
John Mikel Obi (Nigeria), Michael Essien (Ghana), Salomon Kalou (Cote dIvoire), Didier Drogba (Cote dIvoire), Didier Drogba (Cote dIvoire), Didier Drogba (Cote dIvoire), Didier Drogba (Cote dIvoire)
To come close to home, the last Nigerian won the trophy was in 2012 when Mikel Obi was among AFricans who lifted the trophy with Chelsea at the expense of Bayern Munich.
After that achievement by the former captain of Super Eagles, Nigeria have seen other talented players rising, like Ahmed Musa, Wilfred Ndidi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Alex Iwobi, William Abubakar etc.
But none of them have featured in the final of the biggest club competition in Europe.
The reason is not clear.
The top five European clubs Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Manchester United and Liverpool dominated the competition.
Unfortunately, Nigerian players have failed to enter highly rated clubs in Europe.
It is hope of Nigerian football stakeholders that very soon the new generation of players will break the barrier and begin playing in clubs with potential to win the UEFA Champions.
If this fails, then the football fans in Nigeria will continue to live with the agony of watching the final games of the UEFA Champions League coming and go, without doubting the agony of watching th
Nigerian people are waiting for the next Super Eagle player to rise to the top of the European club competitions the way Find George, Nwankwo Kanu did it with Ajax in 1995 and did it with Ajax in 199
At the end, a victory will be for the Manchester club hunting for their first title other Londeners who are primed in the second itle and the watching football league.
Eyimba forces FC IfeanyiUbah to 2-2 draw in the Oriental derby
Enyimba FC came from behind to secure a deserved 2-draw in their week 14 fixture against oriental brothers FC IfeanyiUbah at the Aba international club.
The original derby saw Eyimba made three changes to the team who lost Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar was returned after weeks layed off while Anthony Omaka and Victor Mbaoma entered the starting line up again.
The first 28 minutes of the game were seen as both sides were trying to hit first but the visiting side drew first blood through Saidu Adamu who poke home from close range and then the visiting side
With full control of the game, they got more confidence and that left the hosts to scramble to get back into the game as the first ended a 1-0 victory in favour of Manchester United.
As they restarted the second half, IfeanyiUbah continued to press for the second goal and they got the deserved reward when Saidu Adamu got his brace after getting Awazie in the second half.
As the second goal stinged them to life, Eyimba began throwing everythimg for Arsenal to get back into the game.
In the 78th minute, the presence paid off as Reuben Bala reduced the deficit at Eyimba in a lucky fashion.
Sharp Uzoigwe kept out his initial header but the ball rolled back to him and over the line.
The goal was to give Eyimba some hope as they continued pressing a lot of numbers to secure a point at least.
And this was given in the 90th minute through Imot Obot.
Following this result, Eyimba have moved up to 5th position with 31 points from 17 games with two more outstanding matches.
Meanwhile, FC IfeanyiUbah are still in the relegation zone as they have 17 points in 19 games.
Farmers apprehensive as planting season begins with erratic rain.
With the wet season begins for most part of the season, farmers have begun planting with fear as rain is erratic and could threaten production.
Benue, Nasarawa, Niger, Kaduna and parts of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), while many farmers have planted crops.
In the 2019/2020 wet season, erratic rain in the north and mid-season draught in the south-west made farmers losses due to crop failure.
Musa Yohana and Halima Thomas, farmers in Doma and Lafia, Nasarawa State, Musa Yohana and Halima Thomas, farmers in Doma and Lafia, Nasarawa State, said they had planted maize, groundnut and other cr
I lost my yams last year due to too much heat due to too much rainfall because of too much rainfall.
This year, we have been on the second week of May but rain is not yet to fall.
And I have already planted 15 measures (about 20kg) of groundnut.
If this continues for another week, I can lose all the seeds, said Mr Yohana.
Like them, many farmers around the FCT have planted also, but fear for crop failure as experienced last year.
In Benue State, our correspondent reprotes that farmers have begun to cultivate land and plant crops on complaining rainfall.
Some farmers who had prepared their farms earlier in the tear said they could not begin planting until one week ago, while others just began to clear land at the wake of the rain.
A farmer in Otukpo, Ada hyacinth, said the ground was still too strong to cultivate due to the frequent rainfall.
Another farmer, Felix Tor, in Makurdi, said he just planted melon and maize on his farm despite inconsistent rainfall.
Tor however expressed fear that the nature of the rainfall could affect the wellbeing of the crop.
He prayed that the yield would be better at the end.
But Vitalis Tarnongu, who has been clearing his 1,000 hectares of farmland at the Federal University of Agriculture, in Makurdi (FUAM), said with the falling rainfall this year, with the falling rain
Tarnongu said a plant breeder in the University had advised him to wait until May 20 to start planting his maize because the nature of the rainfall since the season has changed the nature of the rain
The state chairman of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Aondongu Saaku, described farming as a worthwhile business to be taken risk on.
Saaku said farmers who are seen him as a business have already taken the risk to most of their crops already because without such risk they would not reap at the end of the day.
Meanwhile, Dr Teryima Iorlamen, a seed system specialist at FUAm, said farmers could go ahead to plant root and tuber crops as following the predictions of rainfarmers.
Iorlamen said the period expected for farmers had passed, stressing that the prediction of NIMET on the rainfall pattern in Benue State, which was expected by the NIMET) on rainfall pattern in Benue
We can now assure farmers that rain has stabilised, according to predictions made by NIMET.
Anything different for now will be a dry spell.
I have advised farmers to check water logging capacity in their fields in order to plant their crops as supposed.
Rice likes a lot of water, so there is no time to grow it.
But farmers can enter root and tuber now, including yam, cassava, maize and melon.
We believe the rain has stabilised.
Senate mourns late Army Chief, Ahmed Gulak
The Senate, on Tueday, held a minute silence to honour the demise of former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, who was killed with strong eyes on Sunday in Owerri, Imo.
This was followed by a motion of the Deputy Senate President and chairman of the Senate Constitution review Committee, Ovie Omo-Agege, on the floor of the Red Chamber.
Omo-Agege drew attention from his colleagues to the killing of Gulak, who was hired by the lawmaker to assist his committee on the amendment by the Nigerian Peoples Organisation on the amendment by t
Gulak served as a consultant to the committee and entered Owerri for a public hearing on the review of the 199 constitution.
Although the programme had ended on Thursday, Gulak stood behind and left Sunday.
He was killed at the airport at Owerri on his way to Abuja.
Omo-Agege described Gulak as a Nigerian who did not do tribal somethimg, which gave him best to the service of the country.
Also, on Tuesday, the Senate urged the federal government to immortalise the late Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru.
The red chamber also observed a minute silence to honour Lt. Gen. Attahiru, who died in a plane crash near Kaduna International Airport.
This followed a point of order by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army Matters, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIN/profile code: NANS raises voice concerning disenfranchisement of students by JAMB
The Kaduna State Chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) on Tuesday said thousands of candidates would not participate in the Joint Admission and Matrimony of Students (NANS)
Examination on hitches for NIN/Profile code.
NANS chairman in the state, Axiz Huziafa Bello, in a statement issued yesterday in Kaduna, in a statement issued yesterday in Kaduna, disagreed with the JAMB.
Bello called for an extension of the electronic registration instead of risking the life of students to travel to the headquarters of JAMB in the states for manually.
He noted that the news bulletin released on Monday with title Issues surrounding the 2021 UTME registration: Options available for genuine candidates who made attempts to make attempts to make attemp
He appealed to prominent Nigerians to prevail over the management of JAMB to stop making things hard for students in Nigeria as they are trying to get higher education.
He urged the examination body to extend the registration period and postpone the exam to do justice and fairness.