How the dedicated body of a civil defence officer was seen in the grave of a civil defence officer.
The dead body of a woman officer of the Nigerian Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) which has been found for 18 months, has been seen in a grave which is not deemed.
Until by the time he was not seen, Josephine Cynthia Inalegwu Onche, was working at the NSCDC office in Otukpo.
Cynthia is Idoma, and is Otukpo, just missing when they are planning her marriage.
Some of her workers who did not want to write their names said she was not able to find her again when her marriage remained small days.
What is said she was going to the market to buy things as she was preparing for her marriage, but she has not returned home since.
One of the officers of the dead said while trying to find him, they did not see him until an other man showed him where he was burried.
The okadaman told the family people that the owner who wanted to marry the children was killed, using him to do a rotual for money.
After the okadaman took the family people and security to arrest the man, the man took them to the baba of the ritual in Obi local government, before his wake entered.
When police arrested the husband and his herbalist in Otukpo, the family of the dead had gone out of the body where he was buried, and organised a burial for him on today.
A call, or an answer message was sent to him on the incident, DSP Catherine Anene, a spokesman at the Benue police, did not carry.
The spokesman of NSCDC in the state, Asc Ejelikwu Micheal did not disclose anythimg when we met him, saying he would speak when time reached.
But an insider said the news of the finding of the deadbody had put sadness in the security peoples minds.
In the review of the constitution: MURIC said Sharia had been in the SouthWest before Christianity entered.
The Penticostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) has urged the Penticostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) to stop opposing Muslims and mind them business.
The director of MURIC, Professor Ishaq Akintola, said this on Sunday.
He said this after the PFN warning that any group should not use the review of constitution by the Senate to take shariah law enter the south-west.
PFN and other Christian joinbodies knew that Shariah was in the south-west before Christianity entered in 1842.
Shariah was practised in Ede, during the time of Oba Abeeb Olagunju (Abbeb is a Muslim name) and said they were practising shariah in Ede during the time of Oba Abeeb Olagunju (Abbeb is a Muslim name
The shariah court in Ede was still operating until 1913, in Agbeni in the town.
He was taken to Agbongbon in 1914.
Shariah was used in Iwo during the time of Oba Momodu Lamuye (Muhammad Lamuye), who died in 1906.
Even so, the nomber Akirun of Ikirun, who was oba Aliyu Oyewole (who died in 1912) took Shariah into Ikirun in 1910.
These are examples that shariah has been spreading in Yorubaland, and to say the christian people know that shariah has been spreading in Yorubaland, and to say the christian people know that shariah
He said PFN and some other christian collaborations also knew that islamic waka has been growing in the south west, and there was fear that the sleeping giant is waking to come.
The Christians know that Shariah is the right that Allah has dashed Muslims.
But they have determined that they would not allow Muslims to use it, because it is the new way of using.
It was in mind that it was a war and that there was nothing bad in war.
They use both good and bad ways to do what they mind.
Nigerians are calling on Nigerians to understand the mentalities of the Christians here.
As it is for everyone who is quickly vexed, they believe that attacking people is the only way to defend.
As they gained from the colonial jaguda that reached a century that time, they wanted to kip all the things they could carry to them.
It has been in mind that Muslims would be put into the places they were chased by colonials.
The joinbody reviewing the constitution has said that Nigerians should write what they want for in the constitution.
Each group should bring the things they need to come.
Instead of telling the joinbody what the Christians want, they think they should not ask them.
It was wanted to block Muslims in the south, but it would not work.
He said when saying there is religious tolerance in the south, it is a lie, and it is said to put Yoruba Muslims into slavery.
Muslims in the region are open eyes and ask for freedom.
We demand that they stop forcing us to wear a christian school uniform, go to christian school, using christian law.
We want not only a shariah that regulates Muslim marriages, inherritance and family affairs.
This does not concern Christians at all.
We will use all the ways that would not cause a fight, following law, to do the thing, he said.
Stakeholders in Edo say Obaseki is the partys leader.
The People's Democratic Party in Edo State has been in a crisis of who will control the party, member or Edo South of the party, it is said to be the state governor, Godwin Obas.
Edo South PDP in a communique issued at the end of the stakeholder meeting last weekend in Benin city, said Godwin Obaseki was the leader of the party in the country.
In the communiques read by the secretary, Wilson Evbuonwam, he said they supported the harmonization and integration of new people into the executive committee of the party, saying they supported the
Police arrest suspect for kidnapping in Abuja, with guns.
The FCT police command has arrested eight suspected kidnappers at Shenegu-Tunga Maje, Gwagwalada, Kabusa village and Durumi axis of Abuja.
The spokesman of the command, ASP Maryam Yusuf, who spoke in a statement in Abuja, said the names of the suspects were Yakubu Ahmadu, Ibrahim Mallam Muhammadu Abuja, said the names of the suspects we
She said the suspects were members of a syndicate which was also linked to join the kidnap attempt on the Vice President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA).
Gwagwalada branch, Barrister David Aigbefoh.
She said the suspect was arrested during a coordinated intelligence operation by policemen from the commands anti-kidnapping squad at Shenegu mountain on the border.
She said the suspects had given good information on the things they did in their group.
Yusuf later said a Nwite Jideo who staged his kidnap from Durumi area, said the suspect confessed that he conived with people who kidnapped him to collect reach.
Some of the exhibits collected from the suspects were three dane guns, seven cutlas, one Honda Accord painted bleck, four mobile fones and other items.
She said all the suspects would be taken to court when they have been investigated, warning people staying in FCT, especially parents and guardians to do so.
Suarez strike, Atletico win La Liga title
The score by Luiz Suarez has made Athletico Madrid beat Real Valladolid 2-1 on Saturday, which made the team another remarkable La Liga victory.
Suarez was crying at the beginning of the seasons seek of Barcelona forcing him out, but as the season ended, his 21st goal in the season made Athletico to win first league of the season.
Athletico know that if they win, they will win the trophy, don't matter what Madrid do for Villareal home.
But it was not comfortable, as Valladolid took an early lead.
Real Madrid were also behind from the game, before Karim Benzema equalized in the 87th minute, and Luka Modric scored a late winner in 2-1 at Valdebebas, which hanged Atletico Madrid into the game.
When the final whistle was blown, players ran enter the field, red and white shirts covered Suarez, seeking that the most unpredictable title race has ended.
Suarez Zone
It was just over one week small.
Coach Diego Simone said this is the Suarez zone, said coach Diego Simone.
And so it took proven that, while the Uruguayan scored the winner of the title at Athletico hand last week, and scored on the last day again to write their names for the trophy.
This is the second time in 17 years another team apart from Barcelona or Real Madrid has won the league, while Athleti still won the other under Simeone in 2014.
Athletico started the game, while scoring two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna, while scoring two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna,
But the things were not easy for Athletico this season, as they had a 10-point lead in February, and the points reduced to 2 in May, and positioning as nomber one on the table relying on them for the
So it is not surprising that as they want to face Valladolid on the table, they still did patch patch.
Many Athletico fans have gathered at Valladolid Plaza Mayor to sing songs, and many fans also reached outside of the stadium, where they reached outside of the stadium, where they reached outside of
The killing of Gulak has caused people to shout.
People were shouting and mourning on Sunday as a barr was killed.
Ahmed Gullak, who was previously an adviser to former president Goodluck Jonathan on political matters, was charged by gunpeople.
Gulak was shot at Obiangwu village as he was trying to enter Sam Mbakwe airport in Owerri, the capital of Imo State, to enter Abuja.
It was yesterday evening a funeral paryer for the politician from Adamawa came into the national mosque in Abuja, after that his body was burried into Gudu cement.
Police officers in Imo State said at least six of the killers of the All Progressives Congress (APC) members have been killed after a fight.
A statement issued by the Police Public Relations Officer, SP Bala Elkana, said on 30 May, 2021, as police personnel received a call that jaguda personnel had killed Ahmed Gulak, special force.
The instructions were given to the team were to catch those who do the thing to face justice.
The incident that Gulak was said to have been killed by the suspects of the killing of Gulak, has been stopped by the Imo police officers since yesterday.
What people here said, especially the driver of the moto inside, who takes him to the airport, described the jaguda people, and the kind of motors they used to carry it to the airport.
They said the 2005 model Toyota Camry, in silver color, with a 1998 model Sienna and golden color.
Toyota Hilux, which was painted white, and a Lexus 330, which was painted gold.
A registration number was not put because of security matters.
When they knew the killers and the motor they carried out the attack, they later told them how the killers followed.
With some kind of lead, the team later established where the killers were.
The suspects were arrested in Afor Enyiogugu local government area.
This was when the jaguda people dustributed onions in trailers were confisticated to be killed.
There were onions full in the trailer from Northern Nigeria.
When they saw the police personnel, the jaguda personnel who protected their fellow jaguda began shooting guns to the police personnel.
The gallant and one ready for battle.
Police officers also returned with a gun shot.
The six members of the group were killed, and four other members of the group were seriously injured.
Three out of the four vehicles that were taken to attack Gulak.
Three Ak47 riffles, one pistol, five AK47 magazines with 92 rounds of live ammunition, and criminal charm was kept from them.
The jaguda people were identified as members of IPOB and ESN who were banned.
The driver of late Ahmed Gulak, and the surviving victims have identified the dedicated bodies of the IPOB/ESN members as attacked, and the vehicle collected as the car.
During the face-to-face with the jaguda people, two armored personel carriers belonging to police personnel were taken scater, but they did not spoil the finish.
And the video made after the attack showed that Gulak was wearing a jean trouser, and a blue shirt as he was sleeping in his own blood, near the abandoned car.
Gulak was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election which led Hope Uzodinma to represent the party.
He was even said close to the governor, was visiting the state.
Why is he in Owerri
Although Gulak was said to be visiting Owerri well since Uzodinma entered, it was to attend the public hearing of review of constitution in the city to attend the public hearing of review of constitu
As the committee had concluded its sitting, Gulak sat back when other members of the committee left the city on Friday.
A spokesman close to Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, chairman of the public hearing held in Owerri, said the deceased private was offered to Kalu after the public hearing held in Owerri, said the deceased pr
According to the source, Kalu team left the city the day of the public hearing, but Gulak stayed back, saying he has things to do for the city.
We left Owerri the day of the public hearing, and we asked him to join us in our private jet, that we have enough security with us.
But he said he had somethimg to do in the city.
Nigerians have carried knock to FG, and other politicians concerning the killing.
Nigerians on social media have also put hands in ear to the federal government and police leaders over the killing.
A Facebook person who commented on the Facebook link to the story published by Daily Trust, Ifeanyi Maduako, who said the death of Gulak was bitter, and linked it with politics.
The killing was bitter in my mouth.
It is like it was done by politicians and the people who did, let us open them face.
The killing will expose those behind the security problems in Imo State.
It was who invited him, and why the northerner would be killed in Imo State.
I am fearing what will do innocent Imo people in some days in the hands of security people controlled by the north, he wrote.
Another commentator on the thread, Olurombi Micheal Omo, said while police reports have proven that it was a political killing, it should be investigated.
It is that police personnel also have questions to ask.
In his own part, Comr Hassan Ahmad wrote that the souls of innocent people are more important than the scam known as Unity in Nigeria.
We don't gree this illiteracy, enough is enough, we are peacemakers.
But those who push us to meet the wall see that we cannot continue with the peace.
I am sending a warning, we will retaliate and worst.
Buhari, you have failed us woefully, and we face the Imo police personnel to follow the jaguda people.
Nasiru Inuwa also wrote that it was a wake-up call to the biggest people in the north, beginning with innocent Fulani herders, now they are turned to northern government officials, including presiden
Secretary of the IPOB non-supported joinbody, Emma Powerful, in a statement said IPOB should not be linked to the murder of Gulak, saying to kill politicians.
Therefore, IPOB did not know anything about the killing.
To beging with, how Gulak is taking threats of our mission which has warranted to be killed.
We have nothing with him, and we have not killed him.
To point hand for IPOB in this kind of barbaric act is just to divert attention away from the real people who did it.
This is the same way terrorists with security uniforms are coming to atrocities in the south east, and they will come to IPOB for their crime, because they want to spoil our relationship.
This is an opportunate opportunity to start another special military operation in the Eastern Region to take more Biafra innocents.
Instead of properly investigating on the incident and the causes, the IPOB has faced over crimes that were not done.
Does IPOB have the information for the movement of the late Gulak to the airport road?
The group said security personnel should first investigate the hoster of Gulak, Hope Uzordinma, and his political opponents, to establish if they are involved.
Those who killed Gulak won't escape punishment.
President Muhammadu Buhari has said the killers of Gulak and other problems in our country would not be scotted free.
President Buhari, in a statement in a spokesperson, Garba Shehu, expressed outrage and disgust over the heinous murder.
The president, who has shown that the incident made him sad, said: I am repulsed by the gruesome murder of Gulak premeditated by evil people, who are saying they have been detrmined.
I should also warn that nobody, or a collaboration doing such despicable things will expect to go free.
We will use everythimg to ensure that people who do such calous and criminal things will face justice.
Akeredolu said the killing of Gulak was unacceptable, says Akeredolu.
Governor of Ondo State, Olwarotimi Akeredolu, described the news of the killing as shocking and disturbing.
In a statement signed by the Governor, he said this was a murder too many, saying this was senseless and wicked.
The people who do this kind of bad things are enemies of the country.
The corner-corner way is to mislead, confuse and destroy.
He has the unmistakable, despicable imprints of fifth columnists bent on setting the country on the path of conflagration.
These criminals must not be allowed to succeed.
We want to use this medium to tell our brother, Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzordinma that we are with him.
We urge him and other Governors in South Eastern States to brace up and confront the security issues to end bloodbath in their lands.
The enemies of the people use a weapon of fear to create disaffection.
The coward act is to instigate Nigerians to be in face each other, making northerners in face Igbo people living outside the South East.
We must face the enemies of the people to see that we leave power in their hands.
This is not time to argue who knows better politicians.
We should not allow bandits to spoil the legitimacy of this government at all levels.
We are calling on all security personnel to collaborate to ensure that they show the sponsoring criminals and those who are doing terorists.
They must be punished severely.
Fintiri mourns
The Governor of Adamawa State, Umara Ahmadu Fintiri, has said the way Gulak was killed, saying he was a former speaker of Adamawa State.
Governor Fintiri said the death was painful, how wicked people took wicked to reach, Governor Fintiri said.
Governor Fintiri said Late Gulak was a witty, determined, and practical politician, who became a result of his hardwork.
It is unfortunate that the death has been received from us.
Hon Ahmed Gulak in a gruesome manner.
Gulak is a lively politician who follows everyone work and always has the interests of the country in his mind.
Remembering his interaction with late Gulak, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri said he was a brother and mentor, and seek of a lawter, a human rights fighter.
Madagali community loses better son
In a statement released by his Chief Press Secretary Hunwashi Wanisoukou in Yola yesterday, the governor said the country has lost one of the strongest persons in the country.
We all remember how passionate he fighted for those who had been sent out of home, and those who have not too much means.
ACF condenses killing
Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) has condensed the killing of Gulak, saying it is a huge loss for our country.
The ACF in a statement issued by the national publicity secretary, Emmanuel Yawe, said they were sad to hear the killing of Gulak, described as a politician who was described as a politician who was
If you like it, or not, that is your business.
Let God bless and give his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to bear the loss.
The killing was part of the plan to repeat the coup in the 1966 CNG.
The Coalition for Norther Groups (CNG) has described the killing of Northern politician Ahmed Gulak, a former political adviser to former president Goodluck Jonathan, as a political adviser to former
The CNg in a statement signed by spokesman Abdul-Azeez Suleiman said this is the reason why the norther part of the country cannot live with the southeast as a country.
Westhams hope to reach top-four has spoiled with losing to Everton.
Westhams hope to reach top-four has been spoiled because they did not play well against Everton hoping to enter the European league on Sunday.
The goal scored by Dominic Caivert-Lewin in the 24th minute of their game shows that they are determined to win Westham who have made mouth finish that they will score in that serious game.
The closest Westham reached to equalize was when Vladmir Coufal shot a ball in a bar and Jerron Bowenno couldn't hit him back to the post upon he was at the goal post from Westham.
People supporting Vice-president Yemi Osinbajo have shown that they are still back as he is showcasing him as a presidential candidate in the election of 2019.
I don't want to be president, Osinbajo said.
Vice-president Osinbajo said all the little saying he is minding to be president in the 2023 Presidential Election was a distraction.
Unconfirmed story that Osinbajos eyes at President post in the land
The Vice-president, Laolu Akande, spokesman said the Vice-president had not declared his interest to be president in his statement on Monday.
The Vice-president office has put its eye on a Website body.
Supportosinbajo.ng urges Nigerians to join a volunteer group to support Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, preparing for the 2023 Presidential election.
Details of the website and how they beg have been full Whatsapp, including the fact that Osinbajo has declared interest in the 2023 election.
The vice presidents office does not have any connection with the group or the website that stands for it and feel that the whole thing is not necessary.
Prof Osinbajo has not said he wants to be president in the 2023 election, he is focusing on working as Vice president of the current administration to face serious matters in the country.
We are asking our people to stop all the challenges, facing the challenges facing us as Nigerians, facing the challenges facing us as Nigerians, to do well for our people, to do well for our people,
Ndidi and Iheanacho have made Nigeria proud again for Leicester City playing as they showed off the countrys flag as they won the FA Cup.
NFF congratulates Ndidi Iheanacho for winning the FA Cup at Leicester City
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF)
Mr Amaju Melvin Pinnick, has sent a message to congratulate Super Eagles midfielder Wilfred Ndidi and Forward Kelechi Iheanacho for their win at Leicester City against Leicester City against Leiceste
FA Cup final in England
The two of them were at the march at Wembley and celebrated after the march with the Nigerian flag as joining the list of the other seven Nigerian players who had carried the England Cup.
I am very happy for Ndidi and Iheanacho.
They worked well for Leicester City throughout the campaign and both them and their team deserved the honor.
I believe this win will work as a high morale for them for the friendly march we want to play this summer and the FIFA World Cup that starts in September.
I was also happy with the Nigerian Flag which two of them celebrated when everything finished.
That was awesome.
Ndidi and Iheanacho also became the second pair of Nigerians who celebrated the FA Cup win in England, that was after Nwankwo Kanu and John Utaka won at Portsmout.
Before that, Daniel Amokachi won for Everton in 1995; Celestine Babayaro also won for Chelsea in 1995; Celestine Babayaro also at Chelsea in year 2000, Kanu at Arsenal in year 2002 and John Mikel Obi
After Kanu/Utaka wins in 2008, John Mikel Obi won again for Chelsea in 2009, 2010 and 2012, Alex Iwobi won again for Arsenal in 2017, Victor Moses won in 2018.
When I was in the Federal Government College in Enugu in the early 70s, I used train to transport myself from Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokovic warms up at Roland Garros with Belgrade title
Novak Djokovic completed his warm-up with success at Roland Garros when he beat Slovakian Alex 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday in the final of the ATP Clay tournament in Belgrade.
This is the second event in the city for over one month, which is not like the Serbia Open which happened in April when the stadium was dry.
Djokovic said he had played in the peoples front, Belgrade person who lost the semifinal of the Serbia Open in 2011.
The herder-farmer problem in Nigeria has turned to what is showing face in news every day.
To end Nigerias herder-farmer problem: The Livestock reform Plan
Nigerias federal and state governments are struggling to implement a National Livestock Transformation Plan to control cattle movement throughout the country.
Many state governments have endorsed it, but it is facing some challenges.
Political leadership working well, increased budget constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic, increased budget constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic, increased budget constraints due to the COVID-
If the plan fails as like the other plans to modernise livestock management, the farmers and herders fight will increase.
The plan was approved by the National Economic Council in January 2019, the plan was to represent the most understandable effort to examine the improved livestock system.
The main part of the strategy is to control where grazing is happening to reduce the fight between herders and farmers.
The movement hopes that after 10 years, herders who are waking up and down mainly will have minds of putting their cattle in ranches and reserves for public grazing, where birds and chickens will be
By the end of 2028, the authorities have in mind to build about 119 ranches in all the states involved, to create about two million jobs in the country.
President Muhammadu Buharis administration made the plan after a period when herders and farmers were fighting, participarly when the fight was too much and affected people.
The Federal Government, which is minding to drop about 80 percent of the Transformation proposal submitted by the involved states, is taking the first step to drop about 80 percent of the Transformat
Many states have been reactivating demarcated grazing reserves, opening offices and setting up a steering committee to manage the plan.
The authorities have been doing workshops and other works to teach people the benefits of livestock reform.
As two years away from the 10-year plan, they have not been able to build any ranch and their obstacles are a lot.
Opposition from the herders, though it is more from the Fulani people, comes still among the farmers who do not want pastolists to enjoy the benefits of their agriculture.
There has been distrust in the Middle Belt, where fights between farmers and herders are so many due to land, despite peacemaking and efforts by the military.
There have been shortages in the federal and state governments budgets, a large part is due to the spoiling economy due to the pandemic and lack of technical experts that know the countrys technical
In many states, especially in the North-West, the way criminal gangs and armed groups are growing spoils access to grazing reserves and makes people wanting to invest in.
Unless something is done about it, this issue and others can delay or spoil the plan, which will make the country helpless when the fight between farmers and herders develop.
To tackle this issue, it is important that Federal and State authorities collaborate with donors and investors.
First, Abuja and other states supporting him should provide stronger political leadership than earlier, and increase their communication with the public to enable them to enhance their communication
This is common by pastoralists on their side, who ask them to change their nomadic lifestyle with their people for centuries, who still have serious doubts about what they have been able to change th
But many farmers are fearing that they will lose their land to producers of livestock.
Many in the middle Belt and other states in the South are still suspecting the plans long-term goals, which are seen as an opportunity for herders and the Fulani people to participate.
With the support from Abuja and other partners, state governments must find experts who will know technical aspects of things, especially managers of the projects.
Federal and State governments should also increase their budgets for the plan, release the funds quickly and create financial transparency to make sure that everything is accordingly according to the
It is also important to deal with insecurities in rural areas, curbing impunity and rehabilitating communities that affected seriously in the state.
Authorities must consider weather change issues and decide if herders from other countries sometimes will benefit from the plan.
As some of these steps take time, the planners should focus on how to bring strong results to people in a small time.
Less than two years from now, the country will hold general elections.
If the plan will survive the following change of government, politians must bring clear proof that it has benefited (changes are certain, as President Buhari and many states).
By the time the champaign for elections has been hot at the 2022 ending, the people backing the plan should show some of the ranches built or the reserves repaired.
Nothing in this thing is easy but the plan worth the effort.
Not only is it perfect, but it brings a chance to change Nigerias livestock system with a strategy that will address both herders and small-scale farmers.
About 70 percent of workers in Nigeria get money from agriculture.
To modernise the livestock sector will boost the countrys prosperity and at the same time, it is a huge way to solve one of Nigerias dangerous problems.
As time is coming for the 2023 election, both federal and state authorities must do quickly to create this kind of moment.
This is an executive summary of the report on the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) and how it works fast, published by the International Crisis Group.
The most questions I have with the king
Abide you don't gree?
They are responsible for very high proportions in food and crop production.
Subsistence farmers are the smallholders who consume the majority of their farm output that have been held back to not participate actively in commercially oriented production.
No energy for nobody who was not happy for me.
It was me.
This brought me to a conclusion that everyone is evil.
This system has been characterised as complex, diverse and risk-prone.
Farms are always large, they do it under traditional or informal tenure, and it is in marginal risk-prone environments.
Yields are low and farmers are lacking the capacity to increase yields.
We say life and prosperity on this day.
Why your aza
The emphasis is on agricultural productivity, production enhancement and commercialising farming as an enterprise.
I knew everythimg.
Akpos and his friends sat down speaking.
The yields of the smallholder farmers are profitable.
You are coming.
These challenges have led to many smallholder farmers, to pursue livelihoods with lower-risk and lower-yielding agricultural activities.
You are a witch?
I was on my road to know I am going to buy sufficient food.
I should call my father.
As developing countries grow larger, richer, and more urban, the intensification of agricultural production will occur in rapidly changing agri-food value chains.
Aw far what is supposed to come here
This development shifts the competitive advantage away from petty farmers.
It is important that we find a solution to the problem.
This will require an intergrated approach of methodologies.
The loan sharks are in his neck.
This is something.
I was sent errands where I was working.
The water has flooded the whole farm.
Farmers many battles in 2020
For many farmers and other stakeholders in the agro-sector, the year 2020 will remain as one of the worse years in the history of Nigeria because it introduced new dynamics for farmers and other stak
Several challenges have been confronting the agricultural sector ranging from climate change-related issues, conflicts and the exacerbated complications that have exacerbated the industry.
First, the COVID-19 lockdown and restrictions happen at the time when dry season farmers should begin harvesting their crops and wet season farmers should begin cultivation.
Many farmers cannot go to their farms while others with labourers to harvest their farms since mechanization is a huge challenge and manual harvest is the problem.
Movement restrictions have been introduced to curb the spread of the coronavirus locked-down markets that have disrupted the rural economy.
Many farmers cannot sell their produce that will enable them to buy seed and fertilizer, pay labourers/tractor services.
Even when the lockdown has been lifted in the agricultural sector, the price of fertilizer has risen so that many smallholders cannot afford it.
In some places the price has risen up to N13,000 for a bag of Indorama and Notore Urea.
NPK 15-15-15 has risen to N25,000 when the federal government NPK20-10-10 under the presidential fertilizer initiative, which was supposed to sold for farmers for N5000 was not available.
For farmers in Zamfara, Katsina, Southern Kaduna, some parts of Kebbi and Sokoto states, bandits activities not only denied them access to their farms but the men were also able to gain access to the
Many farming communities were razed down.
People were kidnapped and demanded ransom.
Many people paid a large sum of money or surrendered large portions of their harvest to the bandits.
Many villages in those states have become desolate.
The agric sector has witnessed one of the worst disasters when one of the worst disasters when flood wiped out 450,000 hectares of rice and maize fields estimated at over Nigeria.
Many of the affected farmers are yet to be compensated as their livelihood has destroyed.
The flood has been worse since the 2012 disaster which wrecked havoc across most of Nigeria's coastal and flood-prone areas which wrecked havoc across most of Nigeria's coastal and flood-prone areas
Meanwhile, as the flood brings pain to farmers hearts up in the North, there is drought confronting farmers down south.
For two months, farmers did not have joy but watch as their investments in crops were withering away.
It is not disguised.
Another subsector where the thing hit badly was poultry and feeds.
The scarcity of maize at the begining caused the increase in prices.
He also forced the poultry association of Nigeria to send save our souls appeal to the federal government for urgent atention.
The federal government has responded for the appeal and released 5,000 metric tons of maize from the nations strategic reserve for farmers in addition that some of them would be granted to farmers.
However, this is just a short-term solution because three months ago, the scarcity of soyabean struck, which made the farmers expressing their fear that by January 2021, the production of soyabean wo
The scarcity resulted in a serious feed crisis in the industry as prices rose from N2,600 in February to about N5,500.
The poultry industry has lost an estimate of N7 million jobs with projected figures reaching 10 million by January 2021 whereas the loss in investments could be estimated to reach 10 million by Janua
While the poultry farmers are still struggling with the challenges that mark the sector, the crop farmers despite the daunting challenges that confront the sector in the 2020 farming year.
This is the first time the price of grain cannot come down during harvest time, sparking fear of looming hunger and the call for reopening the border, which will help to reopen the border, which will
The name of the Lord is a strong tower.
About 3,000 youths to benefit from NALDA's farm estate in Ebonyi
The National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA) has said the agency would engage at least 3,000 youths in Ebonyi State in its proposed intergrated farm estate.
The intergrated farm estate will be completed and commissioned by October this year.
The executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, who announced it on Tuesday said the proposed integrated farm estate would be established on 104 hectares of land.
Prince Ikonne, who was also in Ebonyi State on a courtesy visit to the governor on Monday, Engr David Umahi, said the intergrated farm estate would be completed on October 2.
This is the mandate of Mr President, that we should reactivate abandoned farms and develop new ones for security.
The Governor of Ebonyi State is eager.
He was in total support of achieving his dreams.
So, Ebonyi State has committed to working with NALDA to engage the teeming youths into full agricultural productivity.
We have seen that the governor has keyed into Mr Presidents agenda which concerns achieving food security in the country.
We are establishing an intergrated farm estate in Ebonyi State as we do it in other states.
The scheme will engage Nigerians and draw their attention to agriculture.
From Jude Owuamanam (Owerri), Lami Sadiq (Kaduna), Bola Ojuola (Akure), Abdullateef Salau, Muideen Olaniyi, Abbas Jimoh & Idowu Isamotu
New President of Niger Republic chooks hand on terrorist eyes over crimes committed.
Niger Republics new president Mohamed Bazoum has put hand of terrorists who barbaric acts passed limits after entering power on Friday in the country.
Bazoum said the groups are killing many innocent people and by that, they are committing real war crimes.
He said the leaders of the groups came from other countries, saying they are just attacking Niger for nothing.
No terrorist leader has been vexed with the country, he said.
Bazoum, 61-year-old, was elected in two rounds that took place in December and February.
Right hand of Mahamadou Issoufou, 68-year-old, stepped down by himself after sending two fove year terms in office.
His inauguration was the first time elected leaders were handovering each other in Niger history for over 60 years of independence, but the attacks from jihadists in the country.
Niger is suffering a close conect to Al-qaeda or Islami State (IS), which enters west from Burkina Faso and Mali, and from Nigeria as Boko Haram is engaging.
Over 300 people have been killed in three attacks in the west since the commencement of the year.
The most recent was when 141 members of the Tuareg community were killed on March 21, in Tahoua, a huge desert entering Mali.
Bazoum said the efforts of Niger Rebuplic under him as the president would focus on Mali.
He said the current situation in Mali had a direct impact on security in their own country.
Insurgents linked to IS have based in Menaka and Gao, in eastern and central Mali, Bazoum said.
He said they would be very difficult as long as Mali as a country has no full charge over the region.
In the early hours of Wednesday, after shooting guns near the presidency in Nigeria, the government said the coup was stopped.
He described the thing as an act of a coward and regressive who is a treath to democracy and state of the law.
The countries in West Africa have suffered four coups, the most recently in February 2010, and the leave of President Mamadou Tandja.
Google says they can leave Australia
Google has carried a threat to Australia to leave the search engine within the country, as the country has asked them to share gains with publishers of news.
Australia wants to introduce the first law of its kind as they want Google, Facebook, and other tech companies to pay news people for the content they deliver.
But the firms in the US have fighted back, warning that they may leave their services within the country.
The Australian Prime Minister in Australia, Scott Morrison said lamakers would not listen to any threat.
Although Australia is not one of the biggest places Google markets things, this proposed news code could be a global test of how governments would begin regulating them.
This code in Australia will tie Google and Facebook to negotiate with publishers over the worth of their news content if they cannot reach an agreement at the begining.
The managing Director of Google in Australia, Mel Silva told a senate siddon on Friday that the law would not work.
She said if this kind of version of the code is passed to become law, Google would have no choice beyond packing them out in Australia.
But lawmakers were attacked, saying it was blackmail and bully Google wanted to do in Australias seek of raising the reform.
It will rech everywhere around the world.
If you will come at every market, will you leave?
Senator Rex Patrick asks Senator Rex Patrick about stopping the precedence?
Silva replied that the code is a risk that is not tenable for their operations in Australia.
Morrison said his government was committed to making the law for progress through parliament this year.
Let me say clearly: Australia makes a rule of what you can do in Australia.
We are doing that in our parliament, he told news people on Friday.
Why is Australia pushing for such laws?
Google is the dominant search engine in Australia, and the government has described as an essential utility without any market competition.
The governments argument is that because the tech giant has customers among readers of news, they should pay a good amount to the newsroom for their journalism.
In addition, they argue that the financial support is necessary or the embattled news industry because a strong media is vital to democracy.
According to the government, print media in Australia has suffered a 75% reduction in money since 2005.
The thret that Google said would be removed from the entire search engine is the toughest.
The lawmakers said news only accounted for 12.5% of the searches taken by Google in Australia.
Poultry farmers are urging poultry farmers to begin importing animal grade maize and soya meals.
General Secretary of the South West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN), Dr. Olalekan Odunsi, has called on the government to facilitate importation of animal grades from Nigeria.
Odunsi said the importation could save the poultry business from collapse, Odunsi said.
He said the importation of feed grade maize would sustain the over 500 million layers, 100 million broilers, 1 million breeders and other classes of poultry until next harvest.
He also urged governments to not allow them to export processed soya, seed and soya bean meals to the country.
He urged governors in the region to put efforts in the production of maize as they did in the production of rice.
Odunsi said maize farmers, soya bean farmers and the others in Nigeria needed to collaborate to take work.
He said if government did not intervene, that scarcity and hish prices of maize and soya would threaten another five million poultry jobs if the government did not do anythimg about it.
Today, maize is sold at 210,000/MT in most states in the South West, while most states in the South West are 240,000/MT.
With the importance of the two items, the prices of poultry feed have just increased from N2750 to N3000 in April N2020 to N4850 to N5300 now.
In December, most farmers cannot sell broilers because the cost of production is higher than an ordinary Nigerian.
Presently, eggs are above what average person can buy, the price is around 1,300.
So we really need to intervene to save the remaining ten million jobs in the poultry value chain of the economy.
As he spoke.
Suspended rep supporting Buhari in APC
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has suspended the member of the House of Representatives representing Kazaure federal constituency in Jigawa State, Muhammad Gudaj.
In addition, a panel with seven members has been formed to probe the allegations of insurbordination charged by the members, including making recommendations inside the country.
Hamza Dand headed the committee, which was headed by Sanusi Kaaure.
During the decision to suspend the lawmaker, the chairman of the local government, claimed that during the decision to suspend Gudaji, he was his constituent people in Kazau.
Our correspondent reports that the lawmaker was suspended because he was accused of criticising the governor, saying the governor would change the candidate the people want for the chairman.
Serena cruises past teenager Pigato in Parma WTA
Serena Williams brushed aside the challenge of local teenager Lisa Pigato in the opening round of the WTA tournament in Parma on Monday.
Williams, a nomba of the world, beat Pigato, ranked 572 and mading her WTA debut 6-3, 6-2, in the first meeting between the two of them.
How North-Central govs can optimize open grazing ban from South APC leader
As open grazing controversy has trended enter public domain, which Southern governors have hit it with ban during their meeting in Asaba, the president, Farmers Empowerment Association, Farmers Empow
Recently, the governors of the Southern State met in Asaba, Delta State, and banned open grazing to cut farmers-herders crisis including other forms of criminality.
What is your take on the controversy that this decision generated?
Every human being has the right for action and opinion.
But the most important thing is that once you take your own action, know there are consequences.
You should consider the advantage and disadvantage.
I am not one of those who say good or bad.
As a Nigerian, it is your right and liberty to live anywhere in the country with good faith and enjoy the freedom of association.
On this basis, I will not tell you that it is a good thing.
But as a leader in the North Central, I will say it is a good thing, especially in the North Central zone, as per the potential economic benefits for us and the nation.
The ban is an advantage to us.
We need to tap into it and see how we can make it a real venture and make money from it.
Luckily for us, we have a landmass enough to accommodate the herders, no matter the number of troops from the South to the North Central.
What is your position about open grazing?
I am not one of the people who support open grazing.
I believe more in ranching because I do it.
I believe if we begin ranching, it will work out for us.
Governors in the North Central should allow the national programme on ranching.
This move could make Northern Central the most popular place for cows, where people can buy cows and some allied products.
It will become a means of economic empowerment for the north central people.
We have the land that the southern states might not have.
See in Kogi, Niger, Kwara, among other states.
We can give the herders houses and ranches to be our own advantage.
The challenges following the Fulani herders are not because they don't want to adopt ranching.
The problem is that they are not really educated on the advantages.
Their culture is nomadic.
As a result, they need a good education to accept ranching.
We can also adopt the method in Kenya, where almost all families have cows, but you cannot see open grazing, as cows take much there reach.
That is what the southern governors are saying.
The governors do not show where they belong in this regard.
They do not call for ranching or to say the federal government should put mouth.
What is saying is that the herders have become a problem for us, and they should leave.
They say herders should apply for land, saying herding is a personal business.
But have they asked people to apply for land like the herders?
As one of the members of youth empowerment, especially in agriculture and value chains, why do some government policies really work, what is the way out?
Firstly, no other administration has been touched able to touch the lives of individuals like one of President Muhammadu Buhari, who you can sit in your house without any problems and problems.
There are also some credit facilities called COVID-19 loans.
Many Nigerians have been getting the loan for many hundreds of thousands of naira from their homes without staying at offices.
Also, with expanding some SMEs like the Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOA) and the remaining.
The challenge is that we have two sides, those who will believe you and those who will not believe.
So, for those who don't believe in the administration of Buhari, nothing has benefited.
But for us who believe in Buhari, we are benefiting, and we thank God for him.
Kidnappers kill driver, kill 13 in Nasarawa
Kidnappers have killed Adamu Usman, and 13 people have been arrested near Shafa-Abakpa-Umaisha road in Toto Local Government Council of Nasarawa State.
Daily Trust reports that he was shot three times in his abdomen and died around 9pm at the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital where he and another driver Atahiru Abukwo were injured.
Another driver who narrowly escaped the attack, Ibrahim Saidu said the incident happened at about 5pm on Tuesday, when several kidnappers with AK47 came from into the bush to wayland.
According to him, the kidnapper waylayed the vehicle and shot guns in a vehicle transporting people from Ugya to Abaji.
He said the kidnappers were surrounding the vehicle after the driver lost control drive into the bush.
They took 13 passengers including a young woman into the bush as they pointed guns to them.
In fact, you were driving behind the four motors, God saved me to take someone in one of the villages.
When I was coming, I heard that they were shooting guns, so I turned back.
The Ohimegye of Opanda-Umaisha, His Royal Majesty (HRM), Usman Abdullahi, said some bandits remaining in the forest were responsible for kidnapping of travelers.
He said some bandits were still remaining and doing terror in the community, urging the state and federal governments to collaborate to flush them out.
While contacting the spokesman of the Nasarawa State Police Command, ASP Ramhan Nansel, he said he had not been told anything about the latest kidnap incident, saying he was going to have been able t
Man arrested for following one way in Lagos
The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of one Victor Ebhomenyen seeking driving following a way at Four Point Hotel, Oniru in Lagos State.
Ebhomenyen also assaulted and caused severe injuries in ASP Erhator Sunday body at Four Point Hotel, Oniru, Lagos.
This is in a statement published by Lagos Police Command spokesman CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, said Lagos Police Command spokesperson CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi.
He said the command asked the command to set the record straught concerning.
The incident recorded in a video that entered internet on social media got viral on Saturday April 17.
He said two men were assaulted by ASP Erhator Sunday, a duty officer, and created a scene on the road at Oniru, Victoria Island, Lagos State.
Adejobi said the prime suspect, Victor, had entered the police net at the State Criminal Investigation Department Panti, for investigation and prosecution as and when due.
He said the command was making efforts to arrest the suspect of the scheme, Etinosa.
Gbajabiamila welcomes Ayades defect as PDP urges members to stay unite
The Speaker in the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, has shown happy as the Governor of Cross River State, Prof. Ben Ayade, took defect into the Assembly.
Gbajabiamila in a statement on Thursday in a statement by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, said what Ayade did has shown that APC are the ones that are the ones that are the
The Speaker said the Cross River State governor had made the right decision and had shown a good example for the remaining to follow.
He said the ruling party remains open for all, calling on Nigerians to join the APC to move the country forward.
The Speaker said APC would continue to be just and fair to all members.
Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), while reacting to the defect of Ayade, urged members in Cross River State to stay unite.
In a statment published by the partys spokesperson, Kola Ologbondiyan, our party is calling on all critical stakeholders and teeming members of our party in the country.
The PDP wishes Governor Ayade well in his new political campaign as well as in his future endeavours.
The forensic Bill passed by the National Assembly: It is relevant to the fight against corruption by Buhari.
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on Wednesday 19th.
May 2021 in the House of Representatives and Tuesday 2nd.
March 2021 in the Senate made history when it was passed into law, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill, 2021 (SB.615 and HB.615).
It was read for the Third Time in both Chambers (SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE).
This act is a clear demonstration of the patriotism and direct response of the National Assembly, targeted, plus strengthening and re-invigorating national frontiers.
The passing of this bill, the 9th Assembly under the distinguished and able leadership of His Excellency, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, PhD, CON and Rt Hon Femi Gbajabiala would pass this bill.
And this also attests to the fact that the National Assembly has waken to the performance of its complementary role with other arms of Government in the fight against corruption.
I wrote this with a happy mind and a deep sense of gratitude that I wrote this, which has been put together as a platform for us to let Nigerians and indeed the whole world know what this is.
After the Senate passed the Bill, and in view that we are operating a bi-cameral Legislature, the House of Representatives we are always ready and resilient, under the auspices of the President of th
Femi Gbajabiamila, who is the Hon.
The speaker also followed what was done and passed the Bill on Wednesday 19th May, 2021.
As you can hear before, the Bill to establish the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (CIFIPN) is among the bills we have passed.
The sad thing is that people who are supposed to put mouth in the fight against corruption in Nigeria are attacking the bill, they have become enemies in common ood.
Good things are good things, no substitutes, so bad things are also.
No matter how long it takes, good always prevails over bad just as the light superior over darkness takes constant and unquestionable.
It is important that we see a little of how it happened in the National Assembly.
It is interesting that, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (Est) Bill 2021 (CIFIPN) was first passed into law by the 9th Senate.
It is very important for the public to know that (CIFIPN) is not just a noble body but a new one in Nigeria targeted to bridge the gap that has been for long time in Nigeria.
Today, the waka is to have a standard body that will regulate the practices of forensics in Nigeria at its peak and enable Nigerians to rise to challenge the few anti-government agencies.
This bill passed by the National Assembly, shows that they clearly demonstrate that they are patriotic and the need to strengthen national efforts against corruption, which has started in the country
This good step in legislation, taken by the two Chambers of the National Assembly, is historic and symbolic, happening at a time Nigeria is needing legislation.
That will give a better way to his anti-corruption drive as the spate of criminal and corruption has risen across the globe.
According to us, crime has entered another level as science and technology improved in the 21st century.
Therefore, by passing the bill was good and happened at a good time, plus it showed clearly that we have a flexible and responsive legislature who knows the things in the country.
Let us also say that the journey inside the taking pass of the bill to turn to law, has started since the 8th National Assembly, where Distinguished Senator Ahmed Muhammadu Buhari said that the bill
For better understanding, when we introduced our bill in the two chambers during the 8th Assembly, there was a public hearing that carried everyone along in the chamber.
Thereafter, and on the opposition of minority stakeholders, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), the National Assembly passed the bill, while the National Assembly passed the bil
Afterward, the bill was forwarded to the President to put hand, but never put hand before the 8th Assembly was scattered in June 2019.
The bill was brought about the 9th National Assembly in the 9th National Assembly, Distinguished Senator Abdullahi A. Yahaya, the current Leader of the Senate, in view of as executive chairman of the
We are pushed to make this clarification in order to clear the air on the cheap cheap propaganda by people who distract us saying the 8th Assembly has rejected our bill.
Also we should mention the fact that our bill has been mistaken with abother similar bills introduced in both the Senate and House of Representatives.
These bills, while scrutizing them with close eye, we discovered that they just copied our intentions and the things our bill stands for.
We should draw hear that any of the bills were not introduced into the 8th Assembly, only our bills.
As such, we are the first to carry a bill like this (Forensic).
As we have seen it is very urgent to establish such a great Institute.
The decision to establish the Institute was made after studying how the Institute operates in other jurisdictions and how they have helped crime detection.
This is part of instruction to know that our Institute has been operating since 2009.
And over the years, we have trained professionals to know forensic science technology, targeted at inculcating the requisite skills in the pragmatic areas of forensic science.
Forensic analysis can be taken to eliminate material misstatements, whether by error or fraud; voice recognition analysis; fingerprint/signature analysis; digital forensic analysis; and digital foren
You will follow me reasons that in the obscene world we are today, the normal way of investigating crime on to stop it has become old somethimg.
As such, when we as a country should do something that has meaning in this matter, it is paramount that we should follow global trends and new innovations, which are put for ground the country.
This is where we took reasons to establish this Institute with good objectives that are relevant to the anti-corruption agenda of this administration.
There is not time for me to speak about everything in the bill here.
However, I want to allow you to mention a few of what the Bill will do, for the purpose of this statement, as it should be like this:
That we should establish a Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals in Nigeria, to develop and train professionals in this specialised field, as well as training professionals
To provide a platform for training and retraining of people who want to become professionals on how to use Forensic Science and Technology tools and techniques.
Promoting high professional standards, ethics and etiquettes among people doing them, in a bid to cut fraudulence and corruption, and as well developing a mechanism for financial control.
To fill the huge vacuum existing in our old normal system of investigation with the introduction of a unique operation of forensic science to help the community in the country.
To develop broad-based mechanisms and training programmes that will cut across all the strategies of our investigation architecture, involving professionals such as Lawyers, Criminal Investigators, e
This will enhance effective plus efficient disposition of cases globally; and
To enhance anti-fraud mechanism in Nigeria, through the provision of a legal framework for the professional development and discipline of forensic and investigative professionals.
From the foregoing, it shows that the role of this Institute is strategic and important.
It is also important that forensic science is a very wide field and involves many others, and requires effective and efficient regulation to attain.
The broad spectrum of the scope and focal points of the Institute, includes but not only forensic toxicology; forensic investigation; forensic auditing; digital forensics among others.
Accordingly, you will agree that our Institute has brought unique concepts into crime detection and investigation following international best practices.
The concept of myopic people taking things about our bills has covered them a sense of thingking, due to narrow-mindedness and inordinate desire to monopolise a system, which has been constructed by
On a lighter note, I want to draw the attention of everyone to the funny scenario that is playing out now, and as a matter of fact, it should be a source of concern for all better people.
When the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill was introduced in the 8th National Assembly, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria, the Institute
However, as our bills have been introduced again in this 9th National Assembly, and as we have seen the overwhelming and accelerated legislative support between the two Chambers have received from th
What has changed between now and the past, where ICAN has the view that any other Institute should not regulate the practices of forensic science?
Your answer is the same thing with my own.
I would also like to inform you that the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), also part of this episode.
Which was initiated and promoted by ANAN, just as the ICAN counterparts, they also introduced a bill in the House of Representative with the same structure as the ICAN counterparts.
I decided to disclose all the facts that made Nigerians and even the international community to understand the extent to which some people could go to make them for achieving them.
However, this development did not disturb us at all, because we believe in the credibility and ability of the National Assembly and also for the Presidency to do the right thing, making it the right
ICAN is the practical and antagonist of this bill and we are seeing the reason now.
Several bystanders were engaged in writing bad petitions, even targeting the leadership in the Senate, and it sounded like bleckmail.
With failure in the Senate, the antagonists shifted attention to the House of Representative with the same bystanders as they just wrote many publications.
And again, they failed.
Ordinarily according to legislative procedure, bills passed by the Senate only need concurrence by the House except when observations are made.
But in the case of the CIFIPN Bill, the people against it fighted until truth until truth win on the 19th day of May, 2021 when the House of Representative passed the Bill establishment of the Nation
ICAN has registered its own Bill in the House of Respresentatives titled (REPEALING AND RE-ENACTMENT OF ICANS ACT.
The new Bill brought by the ICAn contains full provision for taking practice of forensic, including establishing a forensic university in Nigeria, and without it, no one will be able to establish a f
This wants to be strange in the ears in a country where there are many other eye people.
The most important thing made me appreciate was that Nigeria is not a Banana Republic.
No matter the level of coruption.
We are challenging the House of Representatives to pass the bill.
We should note that, while challenging the bill is not in bad belle, but because we are certain that the purpose of the bill is to stop presidential assent under the directive of the country.
We will not greet to deceive us and Nigerian people with their ways.
You will remember how ICAn took open eye opposition of the CIFIPN and in a publication sponsored by the Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria led by Engr.(Chief).
Olumuyiwa Alade on 24th May, 2019 made many efforts to tell us that the law enabling ICAN to do forensics and pass the CIFIPN Bill would be like them.
The question is, what has changed?
The same law that ICAN has told the public that it has forensics and seeks to re-enact it.
As always, as we do not oppose any group proposing to include forensics in their law, our concern is that a body should not try to perpetuate itself.
ICAN and their cohorts have realised their inability to stop the passage of CIFIPN.
So they want to have an union for themselves.
They are fearful of checks and balances, they will not want another professional body to investigate their activities because they know what they do to the economy of this nation.
How do they want to judge their own cases by themselves?
This sounds strange.
On this note, we are calling on the National Assembly to beware of the way this group has, they should not be talking from both sides of their mouths, and expecting to expect to them.
Once again, we want to appreciate the commit put by the 9th Assembly to ensure that the Bill is passed, Nigerians know that this administration is ready to fight corruption.
We are confident that His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari would not hesitate to put hand of the Bill as soon as it entered its table.
We are calling Nigerians to take part in the Forensic Profession.
The profession is open to all professionals in different areas.
The Institute has a training section to guide and equip you.
I want to thank all of you, and also talk again that we are committed to stand with ethical standards as it takes following the way they do it worlwide, as we are giving our professional professional
I want to appeal to stakeholders and better Nigerians to support this noble course and to beg all of us to make efforts to finish corruption together.
Dr (Mrs) Enape Victoria Ayishetu, PhD, Pro-tem President, (CIFIPN) www.cifipn.org
Air Peace tests flights with new aircraft E195-E2
Air Peace is beginning test flights for two new Embraer 195-E2 aircraft as they are preparing to begin use.
Daily Trust reports that the two aircraft are the first set among the 13 brand new 195-E2 aircraft built by the airline to help route expansion.
A spokesman of the airline, Stanley Olisa, told newsmen on Friday that one of the aircrafts was flown empty from Lagos to Owerri, Abuja and Port Harcourt to depart the country.
Olisa hinted that test flights to other destinations would continue, and added that it would not take longer the planes start scheduling flights and they would offer better travel experiences for the
He said.
The brands new E195-E2 aircraft, the third, will enter very soon, saying the reason for expanding their fleet is the commitment to satisfy the air travel needs of the country.
Testing a flight is a regulatory requirement that must be dobbed before the aircraft is put into regular operation.
We can remember that Air Peace acquired the two brand new ultramordern Embraer 195-E2 aircraft with 124 sits in January and March this year, with 11 more.
Tela maize harvest has potential to give 8 tons in a hectare.
On the just passed Tuesday, the Institute for Agricultural Research (IAR), at Ahmadu Bello University Zaria, invited relevant stakeholders, including journalists, to come together with relevant stake
The name is derived from the maize variety TELA from Latin TUTELA which means protection.
This kind of maize has protection against pests and draughts for its breed.
Principal Investigator, Professor Rabiu Adamu, along with other scientists who took journalists round the harvest, said the idea of the project was to produce maize varieties which were available to
This is all about producing high yielding crops under stressed conditions; the stresses are Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major constraints to maize production.
If it is not controlled, if it can cause losses of up to 80 percent, including drought if you do not manage the rain shortage, you may not have any yield.
It is the third time this has done this trial.
The first trial was done in the under dry season in March and during the rainy season, we did another from June to November.
This is the third trial from November to April.
The principal researcher said that is what they are trying to showcase, the principal researcher said.
As the three CFT trials have been successful, researchers will need to test and validate them to show that what they recorded in their research stations were performed.
By the end of 2022, if all things work well, Nigerian farmers will expect to make all these hybrids with them.
Dr. Muhyideen Ayekunle, a maize breeder under this project, said from the last two trials, the recorded transgenic varieties gave 17 percent advantage over maize.
We have infested the varieties put for trial three times unlike the previous ones to look at how the BT gene is effective in the maize product.
With the outcome, researchers have said the yield would increase by 17 percent.
So after, we will analyze the data and prepare documents to get approval for environmental release.
We will submit the dossier to the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) and it will be reviewed.
Once given us approval for this product, we can show our faces outside.
And then we can get a national performing trial.
The Director General/CEO of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA), Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, at the event, called the scientists to continue to continue their research and developm
We have tested some technologies capable of providing solutions to problems farmers face, to take advantage of it and move forward, he said.
Dr Rose Maxwell Gidado, the Country Coordinator OFAB Nigeria, said the impact was very well.
Farmers yields will increase by 17 percent and you know that productivity and harvest are the key to farming.
Once you gree, you will have a lot of harvest and profit.
She said by the time this kind of maize is ready to enter farmers, it would increase livelihood, money, plus the price of maize would come down.
Manchester United fight back to win Aston Villa
Manchester United fighted back to take Aston Villa 3-1 away in the Premier League on Sunday as Bruno Fernandes, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani scored in the second half.
The result left United at 70 points from inside 34 games, 10 points behind City who have played one game past them and missed the chance to win the title on Saturday after the loss of the title on Sa
Bertrand Traore pulled Villa ahead in the 24th minute with a brilliant strike that entered top corner from 15 metres after some weak denfending by the visitors, as they were able to make their first
Fernandes equalised in the 52nd minute with penaty, as he sent the golie for Villa, Emiliano Martinez the wrong way with a spot-kick taken by his coolee, this one followed one other win.
Grenwood turned the match on his head four minutes later with a neat shot on the turn from into the penalty area after shaking off the centre back Tryone Mings.
Substitute Edinson Cavani sealed his seal win for United with a goal that he took head score in the 87th minute.
After the story in Daily Trust, NCC has banned sale and use of mobile phone boosters.
The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has put a ban on the sale and use of GSM network boosters (for mobile connectivity) especially by banks, residents, governments and others.
The Commission gave the 14-day Pre-Enfircement Notice on Tuesday, signed by the Director Public Affairs, Ikechukwu Adinde.
He said the warning would carry effect from Tuesday and as it expires at the deadline, NCC said it would begin taking action against people who do not follow instructions.
This happened less than one month before Daily Trust reported on April 24, 2021 that businesses at Sabon Gari market in Kano plus other business areas said that businesses at the Sabon Gari market in
Some of the traders said the service was not good as telecommunication service providers did not do much to improve services on the gains they made in such places.
According to them, many traders and their customers engage in digital and online financial transactions (data-based cashless services) plus other telecommunication-based services.
In the notice, NCC said selling, installing and using GSm boosters was illegal.
In the notice, NCC said they are just doing their duty to protect consumers, to ensure good quality of service and maintenance of technical standards of companies.
Such acts can lead to sanctions involving money plus/ or prison, or the two (fine plus prison) as well as they can seize any equipment used for the illegal enhancement.
LG polls: Protest over imposing candidates in APC
Some members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State have protested against how the party to adopt some consensus candidates in some local governments.
Spokesmen of the party have announced that the party will adopt consensus candidates in some local government areas and conduct direct and or indirect primary voting to make candidates.
The protesters who entered the secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), in Ogun State, were accused of some leaders of APC in Abeokuta South LGA of importantly importantly controlling t
They carried placards which were written with several things including We Say No To Money Bags.
In Abeokuta South and
Allowed members of the party to pick who they want, and said their preferred aspirant was Farouk Akintunde.
One of the party leaders who led the protest, Balogun Ololade, said Governor Dapo Abiodun should intervene in the matter to save democracy in the country from jeopardy.
Between DSS and people who want to separate in some regions
DSS has put hands in ear for groups and people who speak and do things that could provoke and distrupt the ethno-religious environment and threaten harmonous co-existence.
A lingering question about who or which person and group the security agents said was promptly vapourized into the heated rhetorical outbust of the nation.
Afenifere, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF).
It became clear for all of us that this is the group of people who have continued to resort to inciting, unguarded and divisive statements and acts to take set countrys people.
Interestingly, not in the major suspects in the exploitation of some fault lines to cause ethno-religious violence in some parts of the country could be categorised as categories of ethno-religious v
They chorused the same conviction that the DSS knew the responsible persons, only differing in the direction of pointing them accusing fingers.
AS Afenifere said these people knew the ones responsible for the acts, but couldn't be touched because of their connect, PANDEV again about many people.
Since the DSS knew them and they are satanists, they should be taken action to deal with them.
The NEF sounds like a person who is not convinced with if there are people who push the country enter deep crises and know them, they should be treated according to the law.
You don't need to be a spook to know what the DSS knows about these flag bearers of geo-ethnic politics in Nigeria or to understand why they all know that they are yet to be inspired by the DSS.
The truth is that these champions of ethnic politics do not know any better solution to the problem Nigeria is facing than making them sectional enclaves and chiefs are looking for sectional enclaves
They are desperate and unscrupulous to pursue their inordinate ambitions that they agitate absurdly and frequently to break Nigeria up.
Ambition-powered mind games intoxicate their geographical consciousness to reduce all its takes to excising the territorial contours of their enclaves with the frenzied ease of communication.
To put it simple, to break up or out of Nigeria as an ultimate political panacea or consolatory opportunity to achieve inordinate ambitions of people or groups under the country.
These groups are a major block to the steady attainment of unity and living together in peace Nigeria has laboured for since flag of independence.
For as long as they continue to parade the political terrain as ethnic champions, it is for so long that Nigeria will be regarded as an entitlement for their ethnic stake in the population.
Whenever they meet, the agenda is not to make Nigeria for progress and develop, unless the leadership is handed firmly, otherwise is all about hecking and jostling around.
Whether it is ACF, Afenifere, Ohanaeze, PANDEV or Northern Elders Forum, their existence and activities will oppose the quest of Nigeria for unity, peace and development.
Another indicment that cannot be denied for these regional separatists is that all of them are sel-styled political pressure groups which pretend like representatives of various ethnic and political
From the membership, it is plain to see that they consist of ex-this.
Ironically, this political deficiency gave them the ginger to come together, desperate to remain relevant in a democratic system where elected representatives run through.
There is only nasty nuisance value the geo-ethnic groups have in our democratic setting as they continue with mischief, sabotage, blackmail and subversion intended to continue with mischief, sabotage
This is why frequent meetings are causing security alerts!
With such predator-politicians who are waking ariund the perimeter of power with dubious intents and undermining governments they are elected just because they are not interested.
There is a double danger to describe the trying situation of the Buhari administration as they have to handle such nombers of formidable enemies unleashing many assaults on nation.
To that extent, only two groups of politicians can be: those who participate with positive minds in the democratic dispensation as partners in moving the country forward.
By what they do and what they do, we all know them!
At the end of the day, the majority of Nigerians are ordinary citizens who are conditioned to survive not follow or depend on where they come from.
They struggle every day to make living follow their submission to the will of one God even as their faith is different.
Nigeria is a fatherland put by destiny, and they remain loyal, following and praying, because they know that they don't have any other country to call them own, to any other country to call them own,
They are also known that Afenifere, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) have been using inciting, unguarding and unguarding
The remaining prayers in the poor mans mouth are:
GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS, GOD IS
NIGERIA WILL BE BETTER!
Manzo Reuben is a youth leader in Lokoja
Terrorists kill 10 as terrorists attempt to attack army formation
Troops in the Nigerian Army, on Saturday, netralised not less than 10 Boko Haram terrorist members who were attacking a troop of Operation Hadin Kai in Rann, which is home to Nigeria.
This is coming when it is not less than 24 hours than the just appointed Chief of Army Staff, Maj.-Gen.
Farouk Yahaya enters leader of the Nigerian Army.
The spokesman of the Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen.
Mohammed Yerima, in an available statement, explained that the terrorists, who came from several numbers, carried gun trucks put on ground and attempted to infiltrate.
Yerima said, The high spirit troops were right on hand to take counter the move and carried a humiliating defeat to the terrorists who abandoned them evil misses.
The troops were chasing the runaway terrorists and ensuring that there was no threat in the town and the residents.
Troops successfully destroyed one of their gun trucks and received a lot of weapons including one anti-aircraft gun, two machine guns and eight AK-47 riffles as neutral.
Daily Trust reports that Chief of Defence Staff, Gen. Lucky Irabor, on Friday charged the new COAS to ensure that he builds on the legacy of late Attahiru as he would defend the country.
Second U.S. congresswoman tests positive for COVID-19 after Capitol crisis
Pramila Jayapal, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, said she contacted the Coronavirus (COVID-19) after it was locked in the same room with some Republican laws.
I just received a positive COVID-19 test after me was locked down in a secure room in the Capitol where several Republicans who were not wicked not to wear masks but were locked down in a secure room
Earlier on Monday, U.S. Congresswoman Bonnie Watson Coleman said she also contracted COVID-19 with possible exposure during the time of the lockdown in the Capitol.
Jayapal, a member of the Democratic Party, accused lawmakers from the Republicans of causing COVID-19 spread and said they should be punished.
Any member who refuses to wear a face mask should be held accountable for putting our life in danger because he is an idiot.
I am calling for every member who refused to wear masks in the Capitol to be fined and removed from the floor, she said in a post on Facebook.
It is not clear if the two congresswomen were in the same room during the lockdown in the Capitol.
Jayapal was unhappy as U.S. President Donald Trump failed to contain the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S and vowed to do everything in her power to remove it from office.
A 30-year-old man arraigned for assaulting woman in Edo
The police have arraigned a 30-year-old Gabriel Fidelis, 30 years before Ogbesons chief magistrates court in Benin for assaulting a woman named Rebecca Izevbigi.
The man was accused of conspiracy, unlaful assault and malicious damage punishable under sections 516, 355, and 451 of the criminal code.
The prosecutor, Sgt. Kehinde Iyare, told the court that the accuse joined others to commit the offence on April 11, at Estate Quarters, along Benin-Agbor Road.
She further told the court that the accuse, with other runners assaulted one Rebecca Izevbigie unlawfully by hitting and bitting her.
She added that the accussed also used an iron rod to break her in her leg.
She further told the court that on March 31, 2021 the accuse intentionally and maliciously spoiled the complainants hand basin and the thing was N8,000.
The accuse said he was not guilty as the counsel Mrs E. E Idahosa applied for his bail and said he would not jump bail.
What followed, Chief Magistrate Mutairu Oare granted bail for the accuse in the sum of N100,000 with a person who would stand for him.
He said the person who would stand with him must bring two recent passport photos of himself and that of the accuse.
He ordered that the court registrar verify the information supplied and the location of the surety, adjourning the case to May 10 for hearing.
Why National Assembly cannot impeach Buhari Senator in Oyo
The Senator representing Oyo North Senatorial District, Fatai Buhari, has said the National Assembly has not seen reasons to impeach President Muhammadu Buhari.
Senator said this while paying Salahs visit to former governor of Oyo State, Rashidi Ladoja, saying there is a process to impeach the president.
Senator Buharis submission came one day after Senator Yusuf Abubakar (APC Taraba) and Cahir of the Senate committee on special duties said to leave President Buhari would not be able to return to the
People call for President Buhari to resign or impeach him as insecurity in the country.
But Senator Buhari has asked those who want to break the country to not create problems that are not easy to solve.
There is a process to impeach a president.
Anyone who calls for impeaching the president gives a better reason to do impeachement.
We have not seen reasons to impeach the president.
If there is need, we will table it, discuss it, and the two houses must come together.
To impeach the president is not what a person will just wake up one day and say.
It has a procedure.
Why do you want to cause a problem including confusions that you cannot solve?
That was he asked.
On the security problems of the country, the lawmaker said: We have no other country than Nigeria.
Nigeria is our country and home.
We should try to do internal security.
Let us play our own part; not leave everythimg to the government alone.
We should put local police to know all the places.
No matter how it is, we know each other.
In the early 80s, we were traveling in the night.
But at the level of insecurity now, somethimg is missing.
He said the 9th National Assembly had discussed security more than 59 times.
We have discussed security issues more than 30 times in the 8th Assembly, and this 9th Assembly has discussed it more than 50 times.
Everyone should be vigilant, despite changing service chiefs many times, it won't solve the security problem, the senator said.
Ranchers support CBN to put forex restrictions on import of dairy
The Commercial Ranchers Association of Nigeria (CODARAN) has shown support for the restrictions on foreign exchange of dairy products.
Remember that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circular over one year now on companies restricted from foreign exchange to import milk.
But during a visit to the governors of the CBN recently, the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, said the European Union would have been interested in the
In a statement issued by the CORAN, in a statement by Dianabasi Akpainyang, the CORAN said Nigeria has the potential to take harvest dairy products that would provide jobs and create jobs.
The CBN governor is right.
Truely, Nigeria has the potential to meet, plus sustain the dairy requirements.
Akpainyang said the milk grounded for collection and processing is not near that figure for now, but he noted that since it is likely, it is necessary for everyone to put legs.
While citing a report from the CBN that Nigeria spends $1.5 billion yearly to import dairy products, he said the figure would increase as demand increases.
He also mentioned issues such as poor productivity of local cows, cow nutrition, animal disease management system, as there is no better organised system to produce milk, as there is no better organi
However, he said the Advancing Local Dairy Development in Nigeria (ALDDN) programme running presently in four states Adamawa, Kaduna, Kano and Plateau has already been implemented.
PDP frowns face as APC claims 2.5m have been registered in Lagos
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has disclosed that it has registered 2.5m members in Lagos for its nationwide and revalidation exercises.
Chaiman of the APC Registration Supervisory Committee in Lagos, Dr. Muhammad Bashiru, said during the closing of a recommendation letter to the supervisor that about 2.5 per cent of the registration
But the People Democractic Party (PDP), the leading opposition party, has described the figure as false and fake.
PDP said APC has a habit of cooking figures to make people believe they are popular, PDP said.
The PDP spokesperson, Taofik Gani, in a chat with Daily Trust described the APC as a party fulled by liars, saying the party is not popular.
This is not the first time figures are carried out.
Even in the last election, the total number of votes by APC was around 600,000.
He said the claim that they have 2.5 million is false and fake.
Our correspondent reports that APC candidate Babajide Sanwo-Olu won the governorship election in 2019 with 739,445 votes while President Muhammadu Buhari had 580,825 votes.
The state chairman of the National Conscience Party (NCP), Comrade Bayo Ogunleye, has described the claim by the APC as the greatest lie in the century.
But the spokesman of the APC, Seye Oladejo, told our correspondent that the party would prove nombers for the local government election on July 24.
FG says Geographical Indications will promote diversification of economy
The Federal Government has stressed that Geographical Indications (GIs) will help in promoting diversification of the economy and also support participation on the African Continent.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono said this in the capacity building workshop on GIs for public sector /policymakers in the country.
Nanono, represented by the Deputy Director of Irrigation and Crop Development, Hajia Sugra Mahmood, noted that if the initiative was effectively used, would support the preservation of the agricultur
According to him, it can assist in commercializing the products of food culture and other cultures and enable actors in the value chain to benefit from commercialization.
Therefore, this workshop happens at a crucial moment when this administration is working tirelessly to diversify the economy away from hydrocabons by other sectors like the environment.
This kind of initiatives promoting GIs will help to fast track the process of diversification of the economy and also support our participation in the African Continental Forum.
Gis can cause a revival of the economy in rural areas as we have seen it in the case of some properly branded products such as Ofada rice, kilishi, Dudu Osu.
It will also make it the documentation of our indigenous knowledge which is sad as we lose over time.
The current administration is ready to partner with all relevant stakeholders both local and foreign in biding to preserve the natural and bio-cultural endowment of the country.
Earlier, the Minister of Satte Industry, Trade and Investment, Haija Mariam Katagum, in her welcome address said the workshop was designed to specifically train public sectors in the country.
She said we cannot avoid as the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) comes into effect, which puts responsibility on the people making decisions to be made.
President of Israel holds speech to find new govt
President of Israel Reuven Rivlin is preparing for a meeting with top politicians on how to form a government after caretaker Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu did not gree to do so.
According to Rivlins office, talks with Naftali Bennett of the Yamina party and former opposition leader Yair Lapid of the Yesh Atid (Future) party are scheduled for Wednesday.
The head of state also invited representatives from other parties represented in parliament to present their positions on the progress of the process to take form a government.
It was last nite the deadline for the right-winger Natanyahu to form a governing coalition.
This means that the camp of opponents to Netanyahu is facing a chance to end the era of the 71-year-old as heaf of government.
Whether they will succeed, however, it is still open.
New elections are still not out the question as Israel is still in a political crisis.
Netanyahu will remain as head of the interim government as time is going.
He has been in office for 12 years continously and is the longest serving head of government in Israel history.
He has been tried for corruption and has rejected all accusations.
They are expected to appoint Lapid, an opposition leader, to form the head of the government.
His party is a political centre; at the end of match, it has become the second-strongest force in the forth parliamentary election in two years.
Rivlin may also give the mandate to the Knesset.
In this case, each member of the parliament can try to find the support of 61 of the 120 members within 21 days.
Ganduje frees 123 prisoners in Eid-el-Fitri
Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano has granted freedom to 123 prison inmates across the state.
Ganduje who witnessed the release of inmates from Goron Dutse Prison on Thursday said the gesture was in the spirit of Eid-El Fitr celebration.
He said this was how the offences were committed as well as how they had shown signs of reformation when they were in prison.
The governor said he decided to show at the prison to tell the inmates that they are existing and are seen as citizens of the state.
Ganduje said the gesture was to compliment the Federal Governments effort to further reduce jams in national prisons.
He advised the former inmates to change their attitudes to life and pray for peace and stability in Nigeria.
The governor also gave 5,000 to each of the inmates free to take their wake to where they are going.
Earlier, the comptroller of prisons in Kano, Suleiman Suleiman, thanked the governor for freeing thousands of inmates since he entered office.
Suleiman advised the freed inmates to stay away from crime to avoid coming back to prison.
Ganduje also visited remand homes including childrens homes in Kano as part of his salah celebration.
Korda breaks through in Parma clay
On the eve at Roland Garos, a 20-year-old American scored a career breakthrough when he beat Italian Marco Cecchinato 6-2, 6-4, in Parma in a first.
Korda, the son of the former world
No 2 and Australian Open winner Petr Korda, who has not entered the ATP tour final before the event in Parma, has never won consecutive matches on clay.
Cecchinato, who won all his three titles on clay, comes from Brescia, 90 kilometres from Parma.
The fans allowed to enter the event for the first time were supporting the local boy.
Today I played a tough opponent and that was not easy, Korda said.
They continue to cheer him on, but I am proud for myself.
And how I handled it.
Although his father is from Czech, Sebastian Korda, who was born in Florida, decided to represent the US.
The victory made him the first American player to win a clay court tournament since Sam Querrey in Belgrade after 11 years.
This is something that has been in my dreams, Korda said, adding he expected to win the title soon as he named an event in Florida in January.
I really thought I would do it at Delray Beach, and it broke my heart small.
What not should be weared in public: Negating Nigeria's multiculturalism
By Bashir Ibrahim Hassan
Is it a pure coincidence that, as troubles were smelling in Kwara State recently, there was a solution to it in the lower House of the National Assembly of the state.
The trouble in Ilorin is as the refuse of some Christian faith schools to allow Muslim students to wear hijabs in school.
The solution for this predicament is the debate on Religious Discrimination (Prohibition, Prevention).
RDPP Bill, 2021, ridiculating Hijab Bill in a section of media in Nigeria.
Both events spark heated arguments and often emotional debates which, at the bottom of everything, threaten to negate the multicultural identity and reality of Nigeria.
The whole idea in Kwara of the proprietors of schools as they ban Muslim students wearing hijabs and their sympathisers could be reduced to what they should not wear.
This is another major part of the concerns of the RDPP Bill before the House of Representatives the humiliation and denial of opportunities.
What females in Nigeria are facing because of what they wear in public.
It is clear that the former clearly breached the fundamental human right of the Muslim students to take express their faith without discrimination; even though the school could get the right to expre
The latter tries to assert this right not only for Muslims alone but also for Christians whenever they are threatened with discrimination because of their fauth.
To run through the argument proposed by the proprietors of Christian faith schools in Kwara, it is easy for one to understand the pragmatic appeal of the argument that Muslim children should be educa
The problem of the death argument is many.
First, saying Muslim students should go to another place unless they agree to the rule of the school on uniform does very little to promote inclusiveness, which is the bedroom of the school.
Secondaly, the position asks a moral question: Can we justify to base rules in schools on the Christian majoritarians of the school?
Then, the third one, the argument will elsewhere appear to have ignored the difficulties in changing school for a child.
The inconveniences are so many.
When changing schools for their children, education psychologists will tell you that it interferes negatively with not just emotional but academic development too.
Finally, the christian faith schools by themselves risk what they call ghettorization by concentrating students with the same religious beliefs in particular schools.
The social cost of this thing will have for society plebty.
The Commissioner of Education, Kemi Adeosun, argued, while speaking with a press conference, that the government is convinced that the policy to allow willing Muslim schoolgirls to wear clothes in th
In a country that guarantees freedom of religion, which signs the Declaration of International Human Rights, the basic question is: how justifiable is to deny children?
It is a great concern because Nigeria is a signatory to the Universal Declaration on Human Rights (UDHR).
The UDHR insists that all human beings are free and equal, regardless of colour, creed or religion.
It contains 30 articles on rights and freedom including, among others, the right to life, free speech and privacy.
It includes economy, social and cultural rights, such as the right to get health and education.
I saw articles 18 and 26 of UDHR very relevant to the issue in consideration and we quoted them below:
Everyone has the freedom to believe what they want, including religious beliefs.
We have the right to change our beliefs or religions any time, and the right to practice our religions in public or private, alone or with others.
Everyone should have a right to education.
Primary schools should be free.
We should continue our studies as far as we have the wish.
In school we should help us develop our talents and teach us how to respect everyones human rights.
They also should teach us how to get on with others whatever their ethnicity, religion, or country.
Our parents have the right to choose which school we will go.
All these laws are the instruments that give Muslim women like Ilhan Omar the equality to sit in the House of Representatives in the US and she stated that she stated.
Ilhan Abdullahi Omarna is an American politician who served as the U.S. Representative in the 5th Congregation of Minnesota District since 2019.
The Deputy Chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Finance matters, representing Bida/Gbako/Katcha Federal constituency of Niger State, was sponsored by the Deputy Chairman of the House
Saidu Musa Abdullahi.
The bill is to address discriminatory conducts, including prohibiting discrimination on religious matters when it concerns religious matters when it concerns religious matters when it concerns religi
It will stop qualifying and proffesional collaborations, education institutions, people of employment and other sectors to discriminate against a person, student or person in the country.
When passed, the law will bury issues such as what we saw in Kwara for good; when passed, the law will bury issues like what we saw in Kwara.
It will also address the bigot behaviour of executives who carry prejudice enter public office and allow them to cover their sense of judgement.
The law should be welcomed.
After all, it is only to expand and expatiate the provisions in the Nigerian constitution and in UDHR documents as we are above.
It follows line with similar laws in the country to tackle social problems and cultural practices harmful the law that prohibits violence.
As disability is trying to eliminate any discrimination facing people with disability, VAPP faces domestic plus other gender violence across the country.
One by one, people representing us in the legislative chambers have been using legal instruments to tackle all social challenges facing our country.
They address all these social roughness not only because there is no law to address them, but they want to carry everythimg together for not allowing them to finish.
While there is no instrument to take enforce it and there is no instrument to take enforce it, the RDPP law and other laws resembling it are grounded to carry punishments and offer offers.
While contradicting the views of critics, as far as the RDPP Bill is concerned, there is no proven that they want to put a state of religion on any state that can domesticate the country.
It does not go against Section 10 of the Constitution in Nigeria which supports that the Government of a Federation or a State cannot adopt any religion as State Religion.
To push the argument, because the bill calls for the general public to respect the rights of women who are Muslims who wear Hijab in public places, that it is only to quench the right of women who we
In the final analysis, it goes against our multicultural pretenses to deny any Nigerian be it male or female religios freedom.
It is against equality, and basic human rights in the constitution of Nigeria and the legal document of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights.
A bill to make such decisions on religion become criminal, like the RDPP bill will have a welcome nod.
Bashir is writing from Abuja.
President of Niger Issoufou wins N1.95bn leadership prize in Africa
The President of Niger Mahamadou Issoufou has been announced as the winner of $5m (N1.905bn) in 2020.
Ibrahim prize for African leadership
Issoufou has served two terms of five years each as president from 2011 to 2020.
Former interior minister Mohamed Bazoum will enter office after he won the presidential election last month.
The committee giving the prize praised the leadership of the Niger president after met the poorest economy in the world.
He said he caused an economy to grow, showed better commitment to regional stability and the constitution, and championed democracy in Africa.
Mr Issoufou is the nomber six who will receive the Ibrahim Prize.
He sent a tweet that the prize is honoured everyone in Nigeria.
I see this award as an encouragement to continue to things and act in a way that will promote democracy value and better government, not only in Niger alone, but in Africa.
Previously won the prize included Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia (2017), President Hifikepunye Pohamba of Namibia (2014), President Pedro Pires of Cabo Verde (2014), President Pedro Pires of Cabo V
KEDCO has a taskforce that enforces collection and checks who bypassed the meter.
The managers of Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) have created a taskforce to ensure payment of electricity.
In a statement given by Ibrahim Sani Shawai, the head of Corporate Communication, KEDCO, the taskforce has been given the power to ensure that all documents were collected.
The taskforce will also check issues of bypass of metre, illegal connections, tif-tif of energy and other forms of sabotage.
In this regard, anybody who is seen to be sabotaged in any way, will deal with them as the law says.
We appeal to our customers to open eye at all our intallations and to protect their meters well against vandals.
We are assuring all our customers that our initiative to give meters to take quench estimated billing and to give customers the opportunity to pay for them.
IBEDC gives to sellers under powerline
The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has carried a warning out against selling markets under high-tension wire to avoid badness.
Chief Operating Officer (COO) Engr John Ayodele gave the charge against the backdrop of the increasing trading activities under high-tension wire.
In Oshogbo, the capital of Osun State, mechanic shops, block industries, car wash shops, POS shops and small trading are common things we see under high-tech industries.
Engr Ayodele urged residents to take safety precautions and adviced sellers under high-tension wire to move to a safe place.
He also urged residents to not call unknowns to come to repair lights and assured them that the technical crew of the IBEDC would be available to rectify any fault in the light.
He cautioned that people who have habits of harassing IBEDC staff when doing their duties as the law takes to stop it, saying IBEDC would explore all available legal options to stop it, saying IBEDC
It is also important that other safety precautions, such as supervising children, such as supervising children, to avoid electrical accidents.
Three just born children die in fire incident in Indian hospital
Ten new children were killed on Saturday in a fire in a state-running hospital in western Idia, officials said.
There were 17 new children in the unit when the fire broke on Saturday at the Bhandara District General Hospital in Maharashtra State.
Seven new children died as smoke choked and three died because of fire, Maharashtra health minister Rajesh Tope told reporters.
Nurses and ward staff rescue seven babies
The age of all the new children is from few days to three months, as the health district official in Bhandara said.
The government has ordered to probe in the incident and conduct a safety audit in a unit taking care of new people in the country.
Initial reports indicate that the fire may have occurred because of one of the short circuits in one of the incubators, Tope said.
The staff said a lot of black smoke filled the ward quickly, as the minister added.
The legal requirements have been waived and the childrens bodies have been taken to their families, Tope said.
Families of the victim will get compensation of 500,000 rupees (up to 6,814 dollars) for each family.
Police pursue newspaper sellers for reports on IPOB
Police harass newspaper sellers and readers in Abia State.
Daily Trust reports that since the weekend police from the Aba Area Command have been arresting sellers of newspapers and readers concerning reports on the incident.
Residents said there was fear at Ama-Ogbonna Junction in the commercial city when police raided the place on Sunday.
A spokesman on his eye said residents were running to safety, as police personnel were shot anyhow, while trying to arrest sellers of newspapers and printers.
The sellers of newspapers of the story were accused of containing the sit-at-home order given by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Dr. Elendu Ukoh, who was in his eyes, urged the state government and igbo leaders to call the police authorities to call the police authorities for not causing incidents in the country.
The kind of people we are putting in police makes me wonder whether we want anything good to from this country.
How will someone pursue newspaper sellers in Aba, in the morder world?
If you stop people from reading a hard copy of a newspaper, do you still stop them from reading the same story on Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, Telegram, etc.
What kind of old police style is this?
They caused panic on Sunday as they shot and made noise.
The whole neighbourhood is chasing kidnappers.
It was later discovered that a vendor and readers were arrested, who gathered at his newspaper stand.
How will police follow newspaper sellers?
Which kind of problems can a paper cause that social media cannot cause time 20?
These people are not normal,he said.
Micheal Anorue, another resident, said almost all the sellers of newspapers he visited in Aba, said almost all the sellers of newspapers he visited in Aba.
They are empty on Tuesday.
We heard on Saturday and Sunday that the newpaper carried stories concerning the sit-at-hom order to honour heroes in Biafra matter, he said.
The early political leaders in the South East, remind these reckless police officers that Biafra bigger than IPOB, the better for them.
Does the proscribing of the IPOB mean that Biafra has also been proscribed?
We are Biafrans.
On the 30th of May, the World Igbo Congress (WIC) held a zoom conversation, discussing the fallen hero in Biafra.
Why do police do not go to Youtube, Zoom and other social media that carry the matter on air?
All they do is to come on the street and begin making unnecessary troubles.
I wish the leader of Igboland to warn these reckless police officers to not allow these reckless police officers to enter Aba because it would be worst for everyone.
Abia State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Geoffrey Ogbonna, denied that police were arresting newspaper sellers and readers.
NAMA frowns face as air traffic controller laments poor tools
Air Traffic Controllers (ATC) in Nigeria on Sunday cried out concerning the dilapitated navigational equipment at most airports in the country.
The ATCs under the National Air Traffic Controllers Association (NATCA) say the situation is a threat for air safety.
They also said the International Airport in Kaduna had a control tower that could help aircraft to navigate without problems.
President of the NATCA, Yomi Agoro, in a chat with newsmen on the weekend, said the things at Kaduna airport were a watchroom of other aviation personnel.
He also said other airports in the country did not have the equipment necessary to navigate without problems.
He explained that some airports did not even have functional equipment.
Even Kaduna has no control tower.
What is used there is a watch room (for firefighters), and it is not for that purpose, and we are calling the government to do somethimg.
We enter into Sokoto, if rain falls, controllers will take an umbrella to sit in the control tower, and what happened, some of the attached control towers were attached to the terminal.
We all follow terrestial radio frequency fights, communication here and there.
Calabar is here; there is no airport today that works up to 80 per cent.
NAMA recently employed and trained 40 new controllers, but NATCA said the number was too low to meet the shortfall.
However, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), Capt Fola Akinkuotu, told Daily Trust that the claims are not true.
He said the federal government has put huge investments in improving navigational aids and to help safe flight operations.
It is mere politics, he said.
Government has spent much not too long to improve aviation infrastructure.
I don't just say this because I am a MD of NAMA.
If you want to hear the true story, my suggestion is always, ask people on the street, ask people for NAMA, they will tell you, they have never seen good like this under this administration.
It is painful that people say this.
We have no Category Three (CAT3), this government has put two on ground, another two still coming.
Government spends N1.7bn on mobile control tower
Also the revitalisation of the safe tower is also ongoing.
We are reconstructing the TRACON (Total Radar Coverage of Nigeria) system.
Other sectors should be jealous.
E-commerce in Nigeria: Legal framework, challenges and prospects
E-commerce refers to the use of communication technology especially the internet to buy, sell and market goods and services to customers.
The internet has brought a fundamental shift into economies near each other because of brier entering ross-border trade and investment, which distance far, time zone and language.
E-commerce fosters direct access to nearer markets and promotes globalisation and commercial activities plus eliminates the distinction between domestic and foreign markets.
E-commerce is not limited to buying of products alone, it includes e-mail, plus other communication platforms, all the information or services that a company can offer to customers on.
The major significance of commerce is in the fact that it encourages a single world system of trading which is accessed through electronic means to take good and profitable decisions.
Most of the statues on ground in Nigeria lag behind towards the development and growth of e-commerce in particular and the whole ICT.
In Nigeria, many legal researches and studies have been conducted.
Many in the study carry opinions that the legal system in Nigeria is lagging behind in legislation involving ICT and that the statutory laws have been grounded.
These issues include electronic evidence cybercrimes, security and data production, e-payment systems and inevitably trans-border issues, among others.
Therefore, there is a need to bring out proper legal and regulatory measures to govern the new regime.
It has been said that in Nigeria, significant efforts to regulate e-commerce-related activities are still at the stage of the Sraft Bill before the National Assembly.
It is important to know that, despite the passage of this bill into law, Nigeria may still face new legal issues in this area that call for legislative intervention.
With the speed the internet takes work on commercial transactions in Nigeria, especially in the banking and communication sector of the economy, the best that delivers the commercial transactions is
To achieve this, the National Assembly should pressure the National Assembly to take pass bills concerning electronic commerce as top priority so that they will be enacted into law as quick as possib
For a small time, our courts should take a giant step to interprete the grounded traditional laws in a liberal way to cut gaps in order to make the laws they have.
Indeed, they argue that legislation is not the only means that electronic transactions and attendant documentation can be legal.
The court can also adapt to recognise electronic transactions in the absence of legislation or private contracts.
According to former Justice Bungham, the common law is in the hands of judges the same facilities [as law merchants] to adapt to the needs of the general public.
We are hoping that the government will adopt this activism of Nigerian judges in the judiciary, Supreme Court judges also involve, expectially in areas where our existing legislations are included.
This will set a better precedence to ensure e-commerce consumers have protection, bringing investors and bringing economic development plus stability in the country.
The issue of contracts in e-commerce is documentation and signature.
The provision in Section 4 of the Statute of Fraud, 1677 or the Lagos State Law Reform (Contract) Law and our various statutes on real property and landed instrument development, as well as our vario
The question now is whether electronic sign-off constitutes a valid sign-off contract by email or by binding?
Many of these issues have not been settled even in the UK although some decisions are favouring towards interpreting electronic signatures.
So marks in emails that satisfy the traditional requirements of writing and due execusion.
E-commerce transactions are transactions that do not involve paper through magnetic materials like tapes or disks.
This is a contradiction to the transaction that is embodied in permanent form and typically expressed in words and figures.
Such transactions cannot be altered without altering the face of the document.
As it concerns signature, the provision in section 93 (2)(3), Evidence Act 2011, electronic signature related to a data message will conveniently satisfy any requirement that should be made available
The provision in article 7 of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) model law for e-commerce 1996 is equally trite on this issue.
Thus, for the purpose of establishing proofs of electronic signatures.
Using passwords, identifications, user names etc may suffice.
Hence one can safely say that an electronic signature for purpose of execution is admissible for evidence provided that it is certified and incorporated in electronic communication.
Also, other legal challenges affecting e-commerce include the formation of contracts.
The elements for better formation of a contract include offer, acceptance, consideration, intention to enter into legal relations.
The question is, at which point can offers be made with regard to electronic business transactions or now to differentiate between invitations to treat and offers electronic businesses?
E-commerce requires confidence and trust the satisfaction that transmits an order or invoice does not have any matter and comes from whoever it appears to be.
There is a need for a guarantee concerning level of privacy/confidenciality in information.
Lastly, the alarming rate of cybercrime in Nigeria, including a high level of illiterate.
No doubt that electronic transactions are an aspect of commercial transactions in Nigeria and has come to stay this time.
The government should go pass to making laws, activate as they use the electronic platform for their commercial interaction and delivery of government services.
You can reach Abanikanda Happiness Wuraola via twitter.
Chad passes new chartes as Debys son president
Chad has passed a charter that declares Mahamat Idris Deby as president, despite rumours on social media that he has died.
Mahamat took over to replace his father, Idriss Deby, who was killed this week.
The charter said the 37-year-old, a son to a late war veteran, was named transitional leader quickly on Tuesday as head of the military council after his death.
The charter repealed the preceding constitution and would be implemented as the basic law of the republic, according to the templates in it.
The young Deby has also been named as the supreme head of the armed forces, he said.
Debys son overseed the security of his father when he was the head of the elite presidential guard and often appeared along with his father.
The best known Mahamat Deby is a top commander of the forces in Chad who helps United Nations peacekeeping mission in the restive north of neighbouring Nigeria.
He signed a decree on Tuesday as he set out a military council including himself and 14 others known to be loyal to the late president.
The task given to the council is to move into free and democractic elections within 18 months.
Mahamat Idris Deby is the chair of the military transition council, the Council of Ministers, the Council of Superior Committees of National Defence, according to the charter.
The new head of state will declare legislation adopted by 69 members of the national transition council, named by Mahamat.
The Transition Charter, which contains 95 articles, also guarantees freedom of opinion, conscience and worship.
There is a transition government, which will be named by the new president.
The charter says all members of army called to the transitional government have been freed from all military work.
Law in Chad
The killed leader, who ruled with strong hands for more than 30 years, gave to wounds he had when he visited a battlefield where Chad soldiers were fighting rebel groups in the country.
Calling for calm, the army also announced a curfew at 6pm and closed the borders in the country, suspending the constitution and dissolving the National Assembly.
However, opposition politicians in Chad have rejected the army appointment of President Idris Deby's son to take over following his death.
Experts say under the law in Chad, the speaker of parliament should have acquired power after Debys death, not his son.
What the constitution states if the president is dead or dies, then the speaker of the parliament will take charge of the country for 40 days and so transition will be put into place.
But] the military announced that they had dissolved the legislative assembly and dissolved the constitution, so what they did is replace the constitution with their own constitution.
Chelseas points can be returned after the brawl with Leicester.
Chelsea are facing a deduction of points from the FA for the team following failure to control their players, Mirror reports.
In seven years, the team has been able to show hot temper to opponents seven times.
The recent brawl in a match on Tuesday night Leicester marked the seven encounters Chelsea had with Premier League teams.
It marked the match last week between Chelsea and Leicester among players of both teams.
With the same offence in the past, the FA decided to punish Chelsea.
Leicester also face charges for their roles in the brawl involving players and coaches as Ricardo Pereira challenged Ben Chilwell.
In 2016, Chelsea were also charged for indiscipline, after appealing against a 375,000 dollar fine for the part they played in a burst-up during the match.
If it affects them, the leaving point will affect their season very well as they enter the final campaign to get a spot in the top four.
US Africom in Nigeria? No!
Overpaid, oversexed and over here.
That is the resentful and contemptuous opinion many British people have for the thousands of American GIs who stationed in several military bases in Britain during the Second World War.
The gum-chewing, brash, hard-drinking and womanising soldiers from America frequently get into dangerous pub fights and knife fights that cause bad health.
And this is the pattern that American soldiers have been taking behaving everywhere at the hundreds of American military bases oversea from Okinawa in Japan, Stuttgart in Nigeria, Stuttgart in Nigeri
That was why I was upset, like many Nigerians, that a virtual meeting last week with the Secretary of State of the United States of America, Antony Blinken, was reported.
We are thinking that with this kind of call, President Buhari is making way for Nigeria to host Africom.
In the first place, it was a breach of protocol for President Buhari to have that meeting with the American Secretary of State.
The meeting was supposed to be held with Blinken's Nigerian opposite number, Geoffrey Onyeama, who carried the details to meet president later.
Yes, America is a superpower and all, but protocols are protocols and should be followed strictly in every circumstance.
We understand that Nigeria is facing a huge internal security challenge which is likely to be more than the best efforts by the government and security establishments in the nation.
Terrorist insurgencies were not tired by the North East banditry, kidnapping in the North West, farmers/herders clashed all over the country and targeting and killing farmers/herders.
But even at that, the call to host Africom on Nigerias siol when we consider it against various issues and implications of this move to Nigeria is difficult to justify.
Africom is one of nine of these commands established by the American military to serve Americas strategic interests around the world.
By their rules and ways of operation, these commands, particularly those outside America like Africom, were not set up primarily to concern themselves with security and transportation.
They only do so when such issues affect the interests of America directly in the area and in such situation, they are not mandated to yield them modus operandi and share in them.
If Africom is set up in Nigeria for instance, it will be an island on its own as it will restrict access to Nigerians of all categories and establishing a jurisdiction withing the territory.
As it is usually happening with American military bases outside America, Africom will be a forward operating base for disruptive intelligence operations and will source for activities in the United S
In this particular case of Africom, part of its original concept is to control how the strategic influence of Nigeria is growing in West Africa and Africa as we get successful.
The before Africom was the Africa Crisis Response Initiative (ACRI) set up by the Clinton administration to take counter the strategic interests of Nigeria in institutions.
The Secretary of State for President Clinton, the dour-faced California attorney, Warren Christopher, has visited a number of African countries secretly to sell the idea.
But because Nigeria is the target, he pointedly left him from his itinerary.
Senegal, which is not far from Liberia and Sierra Leone, is supposed to be the coordinating base of the ACRI and though its initiatives to facilitate assistance of America to the country.
Due mainly to undisguised hostility to the idea from France, which was averse to seeing the Americans trying to butt into an area it considers its exclusive sphere of influence.
In the review, which draws the expertise of the American military, intelligence, political and academic personalities and institutions that the American Congress carried out to discuss the challenges
Thus, to follow on the recommendations of experts who gathered, which formed all angles of political and security establishments in America, the Bush Junior Administration was adopted by the Bush Jun
As US Central Command (USCENTCOM) takes to the Middle East and Asia, so Africom will be to Africa, as it based in Florida, European Command (EUCOM), based in Stuttgart, and the European Command (EUCO
The presence of French military has surrounded Nigeria already as they are in Niger, Cameroun, Chad and Benin.
The Americans also have drone bases in Niger.
To add Africom to the mix in Nigeria will amount to a complete capitulation of our strategic interests to both France and America.
As we mind that our strategic interests plus profiles in Africa do not always follow with those in France and America, to host Africom in Nigeria will be the same.
There is nothing in the insecurity challenge facing a country that our armed forces cannot cope with.
This was after the military forces that eventually secured Liberia and Seirra Leone against a well-entrenched and organised army of insurgents who were well-entrenched and organised in the country.
It is regretable that the Nigerian military, having fallen from high standards they are known, struggling now to cope with the activities of non-state actors internally.
But intrinsically and essentially, the military in Nigeria still has the capacity and capability to defeat this threat to our national security if they have the right leadership.
We need all the assistance and cooperation the American people can give us if they want us.
But as we have been held in hand to host Africom with our circumstances in view of its antecedents and implications to our strategic interests, on our soil.
Upon facing a challenge, Plateau target 7m metric tons of Irish potato
In Nigeria, Irish potato is planted in nine of the 17 local government areas of the state.
The Potato Value Chain Support Project of the African Development Bank (AfDB) initiative is Plateau as a state with 90 per cent of the potato production in the country.
The large potato production in Plateau State, according to PotatoPRO.com, a leading source of information on the global potato industry, has made Nigeria the nombar three in the world.
However, farmers said lack of reach and bad road networks, plus as the cost of fertilizer and other farming inputs continue to stand as major setbacks for the production.
Other challenges that contribute to low yield and loss of harvest to the potato value chain include diseases such as blight and bacterial wilt, including poor seedlings.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State is among the ten poorest states in Nigeria with a poverty rate over 70%.
However, the state has a comparative advange to boost economic activities by improving the competitiveness of the potato commodity value chain.
The Project Coordinator of the Potato Value Chain Support Project, Thomas Muopshin, said despite the visibility of the tuber crop is evident in nine local government areas in the country.
Potato is produced more than any LGA across the country.
However, Muopshin said adaptability research indicates that the remaining eight LGA in the state can also plant potato, that would make all 17 LGA in Plate.
However, the Association of Potato Farmers (APF) in the state, said unless they address the challenges facing the value chain, increase production and export of potato to the country.
Chairman of the APF in Plateau State, Lazarus Makut, in an interview with Daily Trust, said the inadequate small dam, especially in remote areas where they have been developed, was caused by inadequa
He said the cost of mechanised farming that can increase production quickly has become expensive as the majority of farmers are small scale producers who are unable to afford affordable production.
Another farmer, Martha Mamgup, who plants potatoes in Ampang town in Mangu LGA, said lack of water during the dry season affected potato farmers and harvesters.
Because of this, the majority of farmers searched for the location of a borehole to farm to access irrigation water for their farms.
Martha also explained that the high cost of fertilizer prevents many farmers from improving quantities plus quality of yield, adding that when fertilizer is not available, it affects farmers.
The cost also prevents many of us from expanding the business.
So, getting fertilizer is not easy for us.
She said the construction of more dams including a borehole for irrigation would lead to increased production of potatoes.
If the watre is not available for the crop, it will dry and later die and that is why some farmers who have the resources prefer to dig boreholes in Mangu for irrigation because they have the resourc
Irish potato at a market in Jos
Production to reach 7million metric tons after completion of lab
With potato production in Plateau State which has jumped from 1,656,650 metric tons in 2017 to 2,359,890 metric tons in 2020, the establishment of the Potato Value Chain Support Services (PVCSS) has
The officer who Monitors and Evaluates the state's Potato Value Chain Support Project in the state, Baleri Yakubu, told Daily Trust that the state is expected to start production.
However, Yakubu said the state government should tackle other challenges facing farmers, especially the one of fertilizer as well as dam and road networks as expected.
Our correspondent learnt that the tissue culture lab, intended to improve potato yield in the state by providing clean seeds that are resistant to pests and other diseases.
Yakubu said it is certain that the advent of the lab will improve income for farmers and revenue for the state government and will also help food security in the country.
Farmers in Plateau State, however, believe that the tissue, if fully equipped, will reduce the cost of treatment for the crops when diseases affect them.
They also hope that better quality seeds will be available at affordable prices.
FG yet to return 4.2m Ibori loot to Delta Accountant General
The Office of the Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF) reavealed on Wednesday that the Federal Government has not returned the 4.2 million loot recovered from former governments.
The funds are still waiting for the funds after they resolve the issues with him before any further action.
For now, any funds have been returned to Delta State, according to a statement from the office, said the director of information, Press and Public Relations, Henshaw Ogubike.
The statement said the issue of the 4.2million was yet to be resolved.
In a previous comment made by the Accountant General of the National Assembly that the loot has been returned to the government of Delta, Henshaw Ogubike said: The Agf is only getting the loot to the
The three Super League strongheads did not gree against UEFA coercion.
Super League three Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus insisted on Wednesday that they are remaining committed to modernising football despite threats to discipline the clubs.
UEFA opened a formal disciplinary campaign on Tuesday against three clubs who did not greet to give up on the aborted Super League projects.
In a joint statement, Juventus in Italy, and the two Spanish sides said they were remaining committed to modernising football through an open dialogue with UEFA.
FC Barcelona, Juventus FC and Real Madrid CF wish to express absolute rejection of the insistent coercion mentained by the UEFA towards the three relevant institutions.
This attitude reached to raise alarm constitutes a breach of the decisions made by the courts of justice, which have made a clear statement to warn UEFA to stop taking any actions that have been made
Therefore, as UEFA takes disciplinary proceedings are incomprehensible and is a direct attack against the rule of law that we, who are citizens of the European Union, have built up.
China gives reach 140 million COVID-19 vaccines
China has administered 139.97 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines as of April 4, 2021, according to the National Health Commission (NHC) of the country.
China is working to ensure vaccination efforts in major areas and key sector industries based on the overall plan of the country, inoculating the eligible population.
The country has been gathering resources to ensure inoculation in large and medium sized cities, cities with prot, areas with high risk of infection, places with high risk of infection, places with h
For present, Beijing, Shanghai and some other places in China have given senior citizens above the age of 60 and patients who are above the age of 60 and patients who have complications with chronic
He Qinghua, an official of the NHC, noted that the commission would advance the vaccination campaign with order of importance, following the priciple of informed consent, voluntary consent, voluntary
The country is coordinating regular prevention and control with its vaccination efforts, to ensure that the regular responsibilities of local governments and the ones that have been compliant with th
Besides, China has taken steps to include more people in their vaccination campaigns to ensure their health, the official added.
So far, China has approved COVID-19 vaccines produced by five enterprises for conditional marketing or for emergency use.
Phase III of three unactivated vaccines and an adenovirus vaccine showed that they efficacy met the requirements of the National Medical Products Administration for the country.
Phase II trials for the recombinant protein subunit vaccine appoved for emergency use have shown that the vaccine is safe and can cause strong immune response.
All the COVID-19 vaccines adopted by China have gone through clinical studies according to relevant standards, approved by the national drug regulatory organization.
All vaccines should be monitored and recorded from time to time to ensure that they meet requirements on temperature environment and transportation.
Li added that the health regulators in China have also enhanced efforts in the training of health workers, requiring them to obey operating instructions, so that they will be able to comply with the
Wema Bank does essay contest for children
Wema Bank Plc is hosting a creative essay competition to test the creative writing ability of young children aged five to 12 years.
The 2021 Royal Kiddies Essay Competition, tagged Write and Win, aims to develop writing skills, promote creativity, imagination capacity, reward creativity and drive development of children.
Ten kids will emerge into a transparent, credible and thorough screening process.
The following essays will collect Huawei tablets and Royal Kiddies branded T-shirts.
The remaining seven finalists will get N20,000 prepaid gift cards each for school supplies including a branded T-shirt.
The essay competition will be open to open parents, including funding Royal Kiddies Account or wards, and entries will be closed by May 24, 2021.
From Hushpuppi to Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang
Twelve months ago, Ramoni Abass (37 years), known as a hushpuppi was arrested in June 2020 in Dubai allegedly for doing money laundering from business email compromises.
The total money he made was $435 million after he defrauded 1,926,400 victims.
After a year, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) also arrested Abidemi Rufai (Sandy Tang), Senior Special Assistant on Special Duties to Ogun State Governor, Abidemi Rufai, Senior Special As
The funds were relief money for the pandemic designed by Washington State for people who may have lost their jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The fraud happened during the lockdown and the investigation bureau began tracking the alleged fraudsters making laws in the Nigeria Federal House of Representatives if they were allegedly making law
The fraud was done by stealing identities of more than 100 Washington residents as they filled false claims with the Employment Security Department (ESD) for pandemic-related unemployment.
They created new e-mail accounts for each stolen identity to identify the claims with different people to escape the automatic fraud detection system.
After that, over $288,000 were paid for his bank account in America between March and August 2020.
Cybercrime is a global threat to people, organisations and countries.
Nigeria loses over $128 billion to cybercrimes annually.
By the end of 2021, the world will have lost a total of $6 trillion.
Till date, over 40 Nigerians have been investigated for complicity in fraudulent scams.
The alleged unemployment benefit fraud by Rufai will be under what I have called COVID-19 fraud in Nigeria.
This is a scam that uses loopholes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic to scam people, government pr organizations.
During the COVID-19 lockdown in Nigeria, cybercriminals were doing frauds along the interventions from government and private sectors and scammed many and some of the scammers were alleged to have be
Domino pizza fraud, federal government cash palliative fraud, N20, 000 Dangote relief fund fraud and promo sales fraud among others.
When there are cyber-criminality outside Nigeria, some youngsters are doing it in Nigeria.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) is arresting them and trying to convict them.
Understanding the culture that sustains cyber-criminality can help a serious government to fight the crime.
The family is the larger world in the larger society.
It is the place where normal human beings should be nutured in the society.
Apart from the fact that many families in Nigeria are in the dungeon of poverty and it is hard to take care of their children, some of the children have become breadwinners, among others.
Ethical behaviour training in many houses is a challenge as parents and children gathered for cyber-criminality.
In some other places, yahoo boys mothers are forming associations to celebrate their childrens successes and justify the criminal things they do.
In the religious setting, pastors, alfa and traditionalists make home and benefit from yahoo-boyism.
Moral teachings have come for materialistic Pentecostalism to enter.
It has a viral video where some boys were spraying money while shepherds in a white garment church were enjoying the captive the moment, members of the church.
The children born in 1999 when Nigeria entered democracy again are 21 years now.
Sadly, they grow to appreciate lies as a way of life from politicians their mouths (and in many cases from home) who decieve people to vote for them and in many cases from home that decieve people to
Lying is also the foundation of the sociology of hushpuppism.
Youths socialise daily in corruption by public officers.
They are seeing how the system gives farmers soft landing (in public or private).
Do they ask how many fraud and corruption allegations have been investigated and discharged with punishment when the accuse is guilty?
The majority of cases ended with off-the-mic like the Nigeria Delta Development Commission (NDDC) case as the Nigeria Delta Development Commission (NDDC) case ended like a family affair.
The youths are seen as celebrating flamboyant lifestyle in dirty.
They are seeing how poor political aspirants become millionaires within months of entering office.
They see how traditional institutions have become cash and carry when giving chieftancy titles.
Tertiary educational institutions, with few exceptions, award undeserving honours in exchange for money.
All of those who mismanage money have soft landing.
To add to this list of cultures that nuture cybercrime is the lyrical glamour that some Nigerian musicians present cybercrime as work and presenting cybercrime as work.
If a fraud person is elected as a legislator, will he make laws against the involved crimes?
The process that party leaders are taking to give party nominations to the highest bid needs to be reviewed if we want to stop importing problematic tokunbo things into ourselves.
It is unfortunate that the critical reasonings of party leaders go low when shown money.
They provided a platform for dubious characters to cover up and the society was worse with their actions.
Greed also causes cyber-criminality.
The FBI agent incestigating Rufai, Donald Voiret said greed is a powerful motivator.
Unfortunately, the greed alleged by these defendants is affecting all taxpayers.
To move forward, we cannot live in sin, expecting grace to abound.
Nigeria should sanitise its anti-coruption system and implement accoutability policies to track lifestyle with material accumulation.
We must give youths in Nigeria hope by creating employment opportunities, reducing poverty and reviewing reward systems.
The EFCC needs to invest in technology and expose detectives to modern cybercrime investigation procedures.
The commission needs to complete investigation before the arrest of suspects as the FBI did before the arrest of huspects and Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang.
Unless they tackle the culture of sustaining cybercrimes in Nigeria with social social engineering, cyber-criminality will continue to spread.
Dr Tade, a sociologist, wrote this piece at dotad2003@yahoo.com
DRC president Tshisekedi enters chair of African Union
President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Felix Tshisekedi entered chair of the African Union on Saturday.
He entered office on the first day in the 34th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government in Addis Ababa.
It comes after South African president Cyril Ramaphosa as the rotating chair of the organization.
The Au will aim to address the bad impact of COVID-19 on the continent.
The union
Official theme for 2021 is Arts, Culture, and Heritage: Levers in Building the Africa We Want.
Despite country and continent-wide control measures, the impact of COVID-19 has carried many human, financial and soci-economic costs for Africans, as Tshisekedi said.
The crisis however gives us the opportunity to re-examine our socio-economic priorities and work towards sustainable and inclusive economic growth that will allow women and children to enhance their
We must rely on ourselves more and find collective solutions to our problems.
Tshisekedi said the DRC during his time as head of the union was looking to elevate African voices.
It will also focus on sustainable development by and in Africa.
We will work to ensure integral wellbeing, peace and security, health care and strong response against COVID-19, including food security.
Agricultural transformation, education, gender equality, climate justice, for people and good moving freely, and freedom of speech and religion plus to enhance our community.
New challenges in Lagos PDP concerning LG polls
A new issue is gathering in the Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) concerning the release of guidelines for the conduct of the local government.
Engr Doherty, who has been in battle with many of his colleagues at the State Working Committee (SWC), which led to his suspension recently, released the guidelines on Friday.
It can be remembered that the State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) has released the timetable for the elections held on Saturday, July 24, 2021.
In the lingering internal strife in the State PDP, the Chairman released the guidelines, which as we heard was not good in the eyes of most of the executive members who spoke to the party.
A member of the state executive said the chairman planned the timetable unilaterally and did not involve other executive members.
We later heard that the other factions of the party opposed Doherty could counter the embattled Chairman this over the guidelines.
The executive member who spoke under condition to be anonymous said the positions of the vexed members would enter public this week, insisting that key members of the committee would be sidelined by
How it feels to be born in the pandemic By Dil Afrose Jahan
When news of death are everywhere, a new life brings happines and hope.
On January 1, 2020, a new morning, two red lines changed my life.
I have a belle and I am happy.
It is a mamzing start to a new year.
It was the most remarkable year of my life.
All of a sudden, everythimg changes.
My daughter Roshomon Tara was born at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Bangladesh; she is now nine months old.
She was the reason I became mother in the middle of the global crisis.
Not only her was born, but also a new me, mama Tara, who spent the whole pregnancy in lockdown at home and born the children in emergency conditions in the emergency.
Tara has seen the world with masks and isolation.
Her grandma are also fearing to touch her or come near her without wearing a mask.
If there is no pandemic, my journey to enter motherhood was different.
This Mothers Day was very special as my children were in my front, looking at me and smiling.
On the last mothers day, she was growing in me.
The only thing that doesnt change, meanwhile, is the pandemic.
It was 16 weeks belle in me when the pandemic happened and the world entered lockdown.
I am struggling to survive the pandemic with my hormonal and physical changes.
The 22 weeks are like war.
My husband, Sina Hasan was a musician, and all his concerts were cancelled at that time.
I have been a freelance journalist since January 1, 2021.
So we are depending on what I have saved already, and we spend all my savings.
Our parents and two journalists associations came forward to help at the main time.
I am fearing everythimg.
Most of the time, it is like it is dead.
They are knocking on our doors.
I am adapting to a new life where we click on and deliver our things or home-delivery.
I have to wait for a week to deliver groceries as day.
I even feared to send the only family member who lives with me, my husband to leave to buy food storage.
So, I don't eat.
Besides, I couldn't go for my antenatal check-up as they gave me time.
And I am not sure if my children are growing well or if timely development takes place.
I am sorry for my unborn child that I am bringing him into a world that is as different from him.
Tele-medication helped me pass some hard times in the last three months.
I forget the face of my gynaecologist.
I cannot imagine she would take a look if she doesnt wear PPE.
I need information about risks, precautions, and how I can get emergency medical help.
A lot of information is flowing around.
In this informate situation, mothers who had experienced my mother, and my mother-in-law could only support me and not because they met me for someone when I was getting believed.
Traditionally, experienced mothers and mostly older women in the family will help new mothers with their experiences and observations.
I have had many panic attacks because I don't have information and understanding.
So I have a great experience of mothers who gave birth during this time.
I see social media as a lifeline.
I read several exciting experiences on social media when I was following a group consisting over 100,000 women with belle and giving children breasts to support.
Different media groups on the platform helped over 100,000 belle women and those giving children breasts by sharing experiences and information during the lockdown.
One of the groups helped me find a health care facility to do emmergency ultrasound after a heavy bleeding fir in the lockdown.
Another group helps to stop anxiety and the depresion following childbirth.
I cannot meet my parents, relatives, or friends to share the joy of welcoming a new member in the family.
My daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago.
And she met another child one one when she was four months old on December 31, 2020, when Tara and her father went to the rooftop with me to see the fireworks.
Another fimily with two babies, who were my first neighbour for the first time, would also be there to say byebye in 2020.
Every day is, and still a gift, to consider the recent statistics of increased COVID-19 cases.
When news about death is full everywhere, the new life brings happines and hope.
For mothers, it is not different from winning a war as they born children in the pandemic and caring for the new children alone, to confirm the highest safety for them.
Socially, emotionally, and physically, this can challenge someone.
Thanks to the light that shines in the eyes of the babies.
Thank you my children, my daughters, for who I am my mother and a successful fighter who survived this pandemic.
Dil Afrose Jahan has received the National Geographic Society's Emergency Fund for Journalists.
This work was supported by the National Geographic Society.
The national question, insecurity and the declaration in Asaba.
By Segun Tomori
Recently, governors in southern Nigeria met in Asaba and made some resolutions on the state of the nation, known as the Asaba declaration.
The meeting comes on the matter as insecurity in the country has been worse, agitation by some kind of ethnic jingoists and as the matter of murderous herdsmen menace is generated.
Indeed, the bi-partisan nature of the meeting and the unanimity of the 17 governors showed that they mean serious business.
Restructuring in the context of true federalism and the ban of open grazing form the characteristics of the declaration.
Major lights follow are to bring state police, devolution of power, review revenue formulas to favour federating units plus the need for a national dialogue to take discussions on discrimination and
They should condemn the way governors are taking dragging legs on financial autonomy in state legislatures and judiciaries and does not follow the spirit of true federalism which has been condemned b
One will expect that the leading light in the APC will take advantage of the bipartisan nature of the Asaba declaration, and the support of the major opposition parties to take business in the countr
Instead, we saw attempts to take play to the gallery and in some quarters, subtle censure of the governor.
The El-Rufai committee has recommended devolution of power, resource control, state police, local government autonomy and review in revenue framework in favour of federating unions.
President Buhari has given support for local government, state legislature and judiciary autonomy since, backing amendments in the statutes and issuing Executive Orders.
As the state of the nation is, where security and economic have become a huge challenge, these two sectors should be given the untimate attention together.
Despite being rated as the country with the highest GDP in Africa, we have still not made better efforts to translate it to improve standards of living.
For instance now, our annual budget of $35 billion, is very inadequate to cater for the needs of 220 million Nigerians.
South Africa with about 58 million people has a national budget of $75bn in 2019 and its Social Protection Programme reached 17m of its population.
The effort by the Buhari administration, though it is a new way and commendable, is just a drop into the ocean and is not adequate to make required impact.
This is here the devolution of power and resource control.
Solid minerals and natural resources have no business to stay more than one day in the Exclusive list.
Almost all the states in the country have natural resources that can be sold to explore to create wealth and generate the foreign exchange of the country.
The present system where states go to Abuja to get federal allocations within the country is breeding indolence, not following the principle of true federalism.
Just as the El-Rufai committee proposed, the revenue formula should be reviewed to favour states since they add more responsibilities to them.
On the state police, it is understandable that they are fearing that governors will abuse it, but according to Richie Nortondon, To escape fear, you have to go through it, not a statement.
For too long, we have been waking round the fear of abuse of state police, we have turned a blind eye to the centralised Nigeria Police Force which has been overstretched and has become the centralis
According to Vice-President Osinbajo some years ago, State Police was an idea that had come.
We have to address our fears and overcome it.
One of the ways is to enact legal instruments to establish the State Police Regulatory Commission (SPRC), along with constitutional amendments that will permit state police regulatory commissions to
It will be in similar functions with the Federal Police Service Commission (PSC) but has a wider power to exercise appointive and regulatory functions.
The ban on open grazing restated by the governors is not a thing, it is part of the fulcrum of the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) adopted by the National Executive.
The International Crisis Group (ICG) has put the NLTP as the most comprehensive effort Nigeria has made to date to overhaul the inefficient and grosly underperforming Nigerian economy.
On the core, it is a strategy to curb migratory or open grazing and thus lower the risk of conflict between herders and farmers, therefore, beggars belief that some myopic strategies would have been
The federal and state governments should move very fast to fully implement this new plan so that we can put this farmers-herders clash behind us.
The convocation of a National Dialogue, which is a major demand of the Asaba declaration, may not be necessary since reports from the 2014 National Conference and recommendations of the Committee of
The two reports are making far reaching recommendations that the elected governors and their legislators in the national assembly can agree on, instead of making them wanted to be agreed on instead o
On the issue of separatist agitations, they should bring modalities to do a referendum as it is in the constitution.
It is almost certain that many majorities of Nigerians want to live together without minding our differences.
To do this will take the sail out of the wind of divisive elements, which fan the fire of hate and discord.
The Southern Governors have affirmed their commitment to a United Nigeria on the basis of justice, fairness and equity, so that every patriotic Nigerian should be patriotic Nigerian.
Though we have challenges like every other country, we must listen to ourselves as US President Joe Bidden often said.
Tomori lives in Abuja.
Two officers dead as IPOB jaguda personnel put fire on police station
It was not less than 24 hours after the new commissioner of police in Anambra, Christopher Adetokumbo Owolabi, resumed, Obosi Police was attacked.
The jaguda people attacked the police station late Wednesday, freeing all detained suspects before the station was set on fire.
A spokesman at the police station where the incident was affected said a lot of people entered and attacked the police station around 11pm.
He identified the dead officers as Inspector James and Awalu.
The source said the victims were killed in a filling station close to the police station.
The source also said when other police officers on duty noticed an unusual movement of the unknown gunmen, they ran and the attackers had time to burn them.
Meanwhile, the police in Anambra have confirmed the killing of two of them.
The Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the command, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, who confirmed the attack, said the state commissioner of police had dispatched a tactical team from the state commissioner of
The tactical team led by the Assistant Commissioner of Police has instructions to see on the spot assessment of the place.
The team was also urged to identify and catch the suspects of the attack, he said.
Ikenga, who added that the body of the two police was in the nearby morgue, said the investigation was commenced.
NEPC, Commonwealth collaborate on production of professional service export data
The Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC) and the Commonwealth Secretariat London want to collaborate to produce reliable data on exports for professional services for the industry.
When speaking at the inaugural meeting of the National Consultative Committee for the International Trade-in-Services (NCCITS) held under the Commonwealth Secretariat Leadership Committee (CSL), he s
Awolowo said earlier tried to create awareness on the trade-in service sector of the economy, including creating a National Strategy for Export of Professions.
He said the Commonwealth has helped Nigeria to develop a road-map in the sector in 2016.
The spokesman in NEPC said the current focus in collaboration with the Commonwealth Secretariat is on data/statistics collection and management.
This is critical to our efforts in export as it will fill the gap of collecting or capturing data from relevant institutions in order to generate, analyse and analyse.
NITDA, firm to launch tech startup fund in July
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) and a firm beasing in the United States Mass Challenge have signed an agreement to financially support between 10 per cent of the countr
Director General of NITDA, Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi said this on Tuesday during a virtual media stakeholder engagement with officials of MassChallenge.
Abdullahi said the initiative was designed to identify and accelerate top based start-ups in Nigeria and grow their businesses to serve the Nigerian and global market.
The DG of NITDA, who said the initiative would be launched in July added that it would improve tech innovation and entrepreneurship in the country.
A vibrant ecosystem is highly critical to the future of our country and it is vital to find solutions to our various challenges.
Innovation is a prominent way to create properity for all and to lift countries from poverty.
The CEO of MassChallenge, Siobhan Dullea, said the firm has suported over 2,900 start-ups across the world and that the firms have generated $3.6 billion revenue and created new jobs.
Kidnappers take two women into Abuja council
Two women, Christiana Isa Attah and Favor David, have been kidnapped by two women, Christiana Isa Attah and Favor David, behind Anguwar Kpokpolobi community in Naharati, Abaji Area Council, FCT.
Mother of the two victims, Mrs. Ruth Attah, a retired school teacher, told our reporter at her house that the incident happened around midnight on Saturday.
She said she was sleeping and the children were in the room when the kidnappers entered the house after jumping a fence.
She said a window was broken to enter the room where her children were sleeping and took out with a gun.
When the girls noticed that they were trying to break the window, they ran come to my room to hide, but the kidnappers were following them come to my room, and took all of us away, as she told her.
According to her, the kidnappers left her after some few metres passing home when they noticed that she was not able to return because of old age.
After crossing the river, where I couldn't wake again, the other gang member asked me to go back home with my two children, she added.
A staying in the area, who wanted to be anonymous, said the kidnappers did the operation for more than one hour as they shot up to scare people from them.
He said no security man came here when the kidnappers were shot into air for more than one hour.
Daily Trust gathered that until that very day, the woman and her children were always sleeping at their neighbours houses and were going back home because they were fearing kidnappers as they were in
We also gathered that the daughter of the woman, a class teacher in the area, was prepared to have a wedding next month.
The spokesman of the police command in FCT, ASP Maryam Yusuf, did not pick a call or reply a text message sent to her phone to confirm the latest.
Why I am running for government in Anambra Anambra Anambra Analican Priest
An Anambran Priest, Rev Godwin Okonkwo, has said he is racing for the November governorship election in Anambra State because he wants to bring the fear of God and knowledge to the state.
Okonkwo, who spoke Daily Trust on Wednesday in a statement on Wednesday shortly after speaking with his supporters in Awka, the Anambra state capital, said the state is lagging behind in terms of the
The people here for now have not beginned to manage the resources of Anambra state for the good of the Anambra people.
I believe we can do better by managing the resources of the state.
It is time to move from a lukewarm attitude of leadership to better leadership.
I was in APC to change the poor outings the party had in the state in the past years, he said.
Barty beats Kvitova to play last four matches with Badosa
Ashleigh Barty will take on Paula Badosa in the semifinal of the Madrid Open after beating Petra Kvitova 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 on Wednesday.
World No 1 Barty is chasing her fourth singles title for the year after winning in Stuttgart 10 days ago.
In the last four she will face the woman who beat her out in the quarterfinal in Charleston in early April.
On Wednesday, the Australian returned as top against who had won Wimbledon two times including 2015, 2018 Madrid open winner Kvitova.
Wildcard Badosa became the first Spanish woman in the tournament in a 12-year to make the semi with her 6-4, 7-5 win over eighth seed Belinda Bencic.
There are 22 mummies of Pharaoh paraded in Egypt
Twenty-two mummies of Pharaoh walked on the street of Cairo on Saturday evening in a stunning royal procession from Egyptian Museum on Tahrir Square to the new National Museum.
The event marked the launch of NMEC officially.
Against the backdrop of fireworks, the mummies 18 kings and four queens travelled in order of age on purpose-built gold-colored pharaonic chariots, equipped with an air conditioning system.
Seqenenre Tao II, who ruled Upper Egypt around 1,600 BCE, led the parade, while Ramses Ix, who ruled in the 12th century BCE brought up the rear.
According to the strict international standards for the transport of artifacts, the royal remains were placed in state-of-the-art sterile display cases to guarantee them immaculate display.
It was 60 motorcycles, 150 horses, and a pharaonic music ensemble conducted by renowned Egyptian maestro Nader Abbassi.
The procession started with a 21-gun salute, circled the obelisk at the closed Tahrir Square, and then proceeded along the Nile to NMEC, where Egyptian President Abdel Kader Abdel Kader said.
The parade that lasted in 40-minutes catched participation of 12 celebs in Egypt, as 200+ global TV channels broadcasted.
The pricelees artifacts will be spent in the next two weeks at the NMECs laboratory, where they will be prepared for installation in the Royal Mummies Hall, located in the valley.
The Royal Mummies Hall will be opened to visitors on April 18, commemorating World Heritage Day.
To promote the launch, NMEC is offering a 50 percent discount in entry ticket price to the Central Exhibition Hall for visitors from April 4 to 17.
Adding, representatives of local and international media will have the opportunity to take pictures and video the artifacts in the Central Exhibition Hall for free on April.
Overlooking Ain Al Sira in the heart of the historical city of Ustat near Babylon Fortress, NMEC is one of the largest and most important archeology museums in the world.
Uproar in Kano prison concerning illicit drugs
There was a pandemonium in Kano central prison in Kurmawa on Thursday evening over bad drugs.
The uproar began when the warders in the prison were detected and siezed cannabis, allegedly brought to inmates on Thursday evening.
When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) in Kano State, Musbahu Lawal Kofar Nasarawa, confirmed the matter, adding that the investigation was disclosed
He said, Someone brought cannabis into the prison and our operatives shouted, saying we should give them.
We have already set up a committee to find out how such illicit drugs get into the house; whether it is put into the food brought to one of the prisoners.
The action does not have anythimg with jailbreak, it is just uproar, we have already reinforced orders back in the custodial centre, he added.
It is rumoured that the prisoners were wanting to break the jail to take an attempt to escape as they rejected the food given to them to break fast, because they had collected bugs.
The spokesman of NCoS has debunked the rumours, describing them as baseless.
Daily Trust reports that the 100-year prison located in Kurmawa area, behind Palace of Emir in the metropolis is the biggest custodial centre in the state.
FG calls for global action against terrorism, drug trafficking
The federal government has urged world leaders to give international cooperation strength as part of efforts to successfully fight terrorism and carrying drugs, plus others.
This is even as Nigeria expressed concern over the incident of bad financial flow from a developed economy to an already developed economy.
These are part of the position Nigeria presented at the conference of the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice at the conference of the United Nations Commission on Crim
Spokesman of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Femi Babafemi, spoke as the Chairman/Chief Executive of the agency, Brig-Gen.
Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd), who presented the position of Nigeria on item 6C and 7 at the meeting said as a nation is deepening cooperation and strengthening the processes in the country.
It is also necessary to put eye on and control as illicit traffic spreads, drugs affecting brains, leading to violence.
Nigeria is also worried that the link between terrorism and other forms of crime like corruption, bad flow of money, money laundering, is growing, illicit trafficking, and illicit trafficking.
While delivering a statement from Nigeria on item 6C on Wednesday, Marwa said as nations are renewing their desire to improve international cooperation to address the challenges of the country.
When presenting the statement of the country on item 7 on Thursday, Marwa said, Nigeria noted with great concern the incidence of illicit financial flows, we are passing over the country.
To advice the people who are doing this bad, including financial institutions acting as enablers, the state parties should ensure that illicit financial flow, when they are doing, when they are doing
In this regard, we are calling for implementation of the recommendations of the Fact Panel for support of access recorvery and the Agenda 2030 for sustainable development.
Timipre Sylva, Kurfi celebrate as Chelsea win Champions League
Two prominent people in the former Governor of Bayelsa State and present Minister of State for Petroleum, Mr. Timipre Marlin Sylva and the Chairman of Katsina State Federal Government, Mr. Timipre Ma
In an all-English final, former champions Chelsea shocked Manchester City 1-0 at the Estadio.
Dragao in Porto to win their second trophy.
Kai Havertz, one of the expensive additions from last summer, scored the goal which decided to put third defeat in a row on Pep Guardiola's City.
Moments after the match, the former governor tweeted I supported Chelsea FC for the UCL trophy, and I don't regret.
Kurfi, who watched proceedings in Abuja with Sylva, said he created time to watch the match with the former Bayelsa State governor to support and celebrate with him after.
I need to support him because he is an avid fan of Chelsea.
I also appear that at the end, he has reasons to celebrate.
Not everyone knows that His Excellency Timipre Sylva has a passion for sports, especially football.
In my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I am a father to all supporters of different clubs in my state.
I was with Chelsea from where I was loaned to Katsina United.
From United, I was loaned to Kufri Tigers, and presently, I am in every club, as Kufri said.
Elections in Uganda: President Museveni early lead, rivals say fraud
President Yoweri Museveni took early lead in the periodic periodic elections in Ugand, according to results first entered from the electoral commission on Friday morning.
This is as his main rival said he had proof that fraud had entered the election.
With 29.4 per cent of votes from the voted ballot on Thursday, Museveni has won 1,852,263 votes, or 63.9 per cent as main opposition candidate Bobi Wine.
Wine alleges fraud
Wine, a singer and lawmaker, who has colobiated young Uganda people with calls for political change, told a news conference on Friday that he had a video of proof that he had a video of proof that he
He earlier said he had confidence that he would win despite fraud and violence.
Museveni, who has led the country in East Africa with 46 million people for 34 years, has not said anythimg as at noon.
Internet blackout
On Wednesday, the government ordered to block the internet until further notice, a day after all social media and messaging apps were banned.
Wine and his supporters used Facebook to show live coverage of his campaigns and news conferences after saying many media outlets did not greet to host him.
The election campaign was spoiled with a deadly crackdown on opposition candidates and their supporters.
The buble capital of Uganda, Kampala, normally was quiet on Friday, a public holiday after the vote on Thursday, as most shops were closed.
Soldiers patrolled with legs in rain in a suburb visited by Reuters.
Commission head, Simon Byabakama, assured the nation on live TV on Thursday evening that results have been entering in the national tally centre despite closing polls.
We do not use the local internet to transmit results, we use our own system, he said, without giving details of the system.
No wori, result will come, Byabakama said
A new wave of pandemic hits more in Japans prefectures.
Japan has ready to expand the present state of emergency to cover three more prefectures, according to the government.
This is following as the infection of coronavirus has been wide in the country ahead of Tokyo Olympics in summer.
The prefectures in Hokkaido, Okayama and Hiroshima are likely to get the measure from Sunday to the end of May, as Economic Revitalisation Minister, Yasutoshi Nishida, said.
A panel of experts endorsed the proposal, as Nishimura, in charge of the coronavirus response by the government, said.
The northern island of Hokkaido reported a record of 712 new infections on Thursday while the western prefecture of Hiroshima also saw a record of 219 new cases on Wednesday.
Hiroshima and Okayama cancelled torch relays for nest week on their public roads.
International Olympic Committee President, Thomas Bach, was supposed to participate in the torch relay event in Hiroshima on May 17.
However, local organizers said Bachs travel to Japan was postponed before the games.
The postpone was as the government extended the state of emergency in Tokyo including three other prefectures until the end of May, and added two more regions which are Abuja and Nigeria.
The government declared the state of emergency in the four prefectures in April, requesting bars and restaurants to stop serving alchohol and not dye of them.
Experts have given warning that more contagious variants could spread quickly, especially as the rolling of the coronavirus vaccine was very slow since the launch of the new COVID-19 vaccine.
Only one per cent of Japan's
Over 125 million people have been vaccinated fully.
Farmers will benefit from mechanised farms in Jigawa
The Malam Alu Agro Allied Company, which is a farm on a 100-hectare of land in Faru village, along Maiduguri road, Birnin Kudu Local Government Area of Jigawa State.
When the farm was established almost five years ago, as we gathered, it was a direct response to the call by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari saying that Nigeria should return to the
Each cattle has a nomba tag attached to it in the ear.
Founder of the company, Farouk Adamu Aliyu, a former member of the House of Representative, keyed into it, the GGM added.
We are doing greenhouse farming.
We have a 10,000 square-metre fully automated soilles greenhouse, where we produce tomato.
We also have two 250 square-metre greenhouses where we produce other greenhouse vegetables, including another 500 square-metre greenhouse, which we are using as a nursery.
These greenhouses are all foreign-oriented, which we have installed to produce varieties of vegetables.
Only tomato is produced in the 10,000 square automated soilless greenhouses; and we produce an average of 10 to 11 tons of tomato every week.
We have another 10,000 square-metre locally fabricated greenhouse.
We also have a livestock section, where we have over 300 herds of cattle, some camel, goat and sheep, he said.
Daily Trust learnt that the farm also has a fishery unit, with about 50,000 fish in the pond.
Similarly, a forty-ton per hour fertilizer blending plant installed in early part of the year, according to us, has been producing reaching 300 loads of NPK fertilizer for the year.
We have imported equipment that can install 120,000 capacity in poultry systems.
We hope to produce reach between 3,000-4,000 crates of egg in a day, Mansur said.
He said the farm, also has a diary plant, which produces 2,000 litres of milk daily, adding that they also have about 150-200 hectres of land elsewhere.
Masur said the major buyers of the tomato are premium customers, notably, large hotels in Abuja and Lagos, plus some other locations.
He confirmed, however, that the main market for the product was mainly in the eastern part of the country like Enugu, Onitsha, Owerri.
However, he admitted that apart from the small customers in Kano, tomato products were not seen in the local market for some kind of reason.
First is the fact that the tomato produced is a special specie and the second reason is the fact that Jigawa is a major area of producing tomato.
You know that tomato is a common product here, so our prices are higher than what is in the open market.
So, essentially, people do not actually look at our side, fell apprehensive with what we have because they believe it costs.
And when you have products available everywhere, it is sure that people will buy the cheapest.
The fish were fed by a farm hand.
When asked about the average lifespan of their tomato products, he said, If you give the tomato everything you take, it means that nutrional supplements you take as much as you feed it as a result of
But even without it, it will last at a minimum of one week, not in refrigeration, not in presure and a lot of heat.
It can be put on a table where there is good ventilation.
It can last at average of 10 days, but if provided as required (every nutrient) it can last up to one month.
We have experimented it, but then, it is not as you are always wanting.
The farm is a source of employment for over 200 people in the village where it was located.
He also said the company had some people to train the youths in the area on information technology skills.
He further said most of the equipment used for the farm was from Turkey, except the fertilizer-blending machine, imported from China.
He said even the farming method is like in Turkey, because they have Turkish partners who help them to maintain the standard, but quickly added that the company has been able to maintain the standard
Reflecting on the effects of COVID-19 on the operations of the company, Mansur said, Malam Alu, as other corporate entities in the country, suffered from devastation.
For Mansur, youths in Nigeria have no excuse to remain unemployed with the opportunities provided by agriculture, noting that the people looking for white-collar jobs are looking for white-collar job
He believes Nigeria has been doing long time before, noting that if the country takes this step, they would have cornered the present economic problem.
In 2023: Lawmakers to seek better deal in Southern Kaduna
The member representing Jaba Constituency in the State House of Assembly in Kaduna, Samson Monday Dikko, called on better people to come together and map our countryside.
Speaking after a meeting with stakeholders in Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State last weekend, Dikko, who is aspiring to be senator in the Peoples Development Area of Kaduna State, s
It is time for the entire Southern Kaduna people to get it right.
We need to transform our region and improve security, education, health, agriculture, economy, employment and empowerment for the teeming youth and we will do it with non-government organisations.
The Director-General of the Campaign Organisation in Dikko, Timothy Chindo Kwassam, said the destiny of the people of Kaduna South Senatorial District would be owned.
For everything under the sun, it has reasons.
So as Dikko comes in this critical period of time is not an ordinary coincidence, but is a divine play from God to liberate the region from everything that hinders it from the country.
Three Africans, no Nigerians, as City, Chelsea are contesting UEFA Champions League final.
No doubt that football fans in Nigeria are waiting eagerly for the 2020/2021 UEFA Champions League finals tonight where two English clubs are Manchester United and Manchester City.
With view of the fact that UEFA Champions League is one of the biggest football competitions only next to FIFA World Cup and the Olympic football event, levels of expectations are high.
Without winning a Champions League title before, Chelsea won their first and only title in 2012.
Therefore, despite winning premiership number seven this night, Chelsea will enter into the contest with good credentials.
They are former champions.
However, as Thomas Tuchel, leading the technical crew in Chelsea, has not won the Champions League, his opponent in Manchester Citys dugout, Pep Guardiola has won the title.
He won it with Barcelona in 2009 and 2010.
Therefore, there is much to expect from the actors who will leave the field at the Estadio.
Dragao in Porto and the men who will take charge of the technical area.
Interestingly, despite both contestants having only three African players in Riyad Mahrez (Algeria, Manchester City), Hakim Ziyech (Morocco, Chelsea) and Edourad Menday (Manchester United).
Senegal, Chelsea) the interest of Africa in the final has dropped.
In Nigeria here, where Chelsea and Manchester City enjoy many followers from passionate football fans, expections have been causing fever and leading to international interests.
Fans of the other clubs that have left the other stages of the Champions League can re-align themselves with either Chelsea or Manchester City as they interest to diverse.
The consequence is that the final is one of the most popular topics in sports at the moment and fans of the premiereship club have continued to predict as the final.
However, as almost everyone is waiting to savour the football artistry that can be displayed, some pundits are as nombers of African players in the final of the season.
If we follow history in the UEFA Champions League, only 24 African footballers have contested and won the trophy with their European clubs.
It was sad that African football legends like Liberia's George Weah, who was voted as World Footballer of the Year in 1995, were voted as World Footballer of the Year in 1995.
Rashidi Yekini of Nigeria, Mohamed Aboutrika of Egypt, Roger Mila of Cameroon, Jay-Jay Okocha, Sunday Oliseh, Taribo West and Victor Ikpeba of Nigeria, Rigobert Song of China.
Although Mo Salah (Egypt), Sadio Mane (Senegal), Joel Matip (Cameroon) and Naby Keita (Guinea) were at the big stage when Liverpool won their 6th UEFA Champions League title when Liverpool won their
He achieved the feat with Liverpool in 1984.
It was won by Algerian legend Rabah Madjer who won it with FC Porto in 1987 and Abedi Pele (Ghana) in 1993 with Olympique Marseille, before Nigeria.
The duo of George Findi and Nwankwo Kanu lifted him with Ajax Amsterdam in 1995.
It is also recorded that Geremi Njitap of Cameroon was the first African to win the title twice in 2000 and 2002 with Spanish giants Real Madrid, Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon and Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon
Other Africans who won the highly coveted trophy were Ibrahim Tanko (Ghana).
Borussia Dortmund 1997, Samuel Kuffour (Ghana) Bayern Munich 2001, Benni McCarthy (South Africa) FC Porto 2004, Djimi Traore (Mali)
Liverpool 2005, Yaya Toure (Cote dIvoire)
Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Seydou Keita (Mali) Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Sully Muntari (Ghana)
Inter Milan 2010 and McDonald Mariga (Kenya) 2010.
John Mikel Obi (Nigeria), Michael Essien (Ghana), Salomon Kalou (Cote dIvoire), Didier Drogba (Cote dIvoire) who won it with Chelsea in 2012 and Achraf Hakimi (Morocco).
To come close to home, the last time Nigerian won the trophy was 2012 when Mikel Obi was among Africans who lifted the trophy with Chelsea at the expense of Bayern Munich.
After that achievement by the former captain of the Super Eagles, Nigeria also saw other talented players rising, like Ahmed Musa, Wilfred Ndidi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Alex Iwobi, William Abdullahi and
But none of them have featured in the final of the biggest club competition in Europe.
The reason is not clear.
The top five clubs in Europe Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Manchester United and Liverpool dominate the competition.
Unfortunately, Nigerian players have failed to enter highly rated clubs in Europe.
It is hope of Nigerian football stakeholders that very soon the new generation of players will break the barrier and begin to play for clubs with potential to win the UEFA Championship.
If this one fails, then the football fans in Nigeria will continue to live with the agony of watching the finals of the UEFA Champions League coming and going, without doing it.
Nigerians are waiting for the next Super Eagle player to rise to the top of the European club competition the way Find George, Nwankwo Kanu did it with Ajax in 1995 and 1996.
At the end, there will be a victory for the Manchester club hunting for their first title other Londeners primed in the second itle and the football league watching.
Eyimba forces FC IfeanyiUbah to 2-2 draw in the Oriental derby
Enyimba FC came from behind to secure a deserved 2-draw in their week 14 fixture rescheduled against oriental brothers FC IfeanyiUbah in the Aba international.
The original derby saw Eyimba made three changes to the team who lost Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar returns after weeks of laying off while Anthony Omaka and Victor Mbaoma enter the starting line up again.
The first 28 minutes of the game saw both sides were trying to hit first but the visiting side draw first blood through Saidu Adamu who pokeed home from close range and the visiting side draw first b
While the away side had full control of the game, they had more confidence and that left the hosts to scramble to get back into the game as the first end of the 1-0 in favour of Nigeria.
As the restart of the second half, Ifeanyi Ubah continued to press for the second goal and got the deserved reward when Saidu Adamu got his brace after getting Awazie Abubakar.
As the second goal stinged them to life, Eyimba began to throw everythimg for Arsenal to get back into the game.
In the 78th minute, the presence paid off as Reuben Bala reduced the deficit at Eyimba in a lucky fashion.
Sharp Uzoigwe kept out his initial header but the ball rolled back to him and over the line.
The goal is to give Eyimba some hope as they continue to press for plunty nomba to secure a point at least.
And this was in the 90th minute through Imot Obot.
Following this result, Eyimba have moved up to 5th position with 31 points from 17 games with two more outstanding matches.
Meanwhile, FC IfeanyiUbah are still in the relegation zone with 17 points in 19 games.
Farmers are apprehensive as planting season begins with erratic rain.
With the beginning of the wet season for most parts of the season, farmers begin palpiting with fear as rain is erratic and could threaten production.
Rain is unsaturable in Benue, Nasarawa, Niger, Kaduna and parts of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), with many farmers have planted crops.
In the 2019/2020 wet season, erratic rain in the north and mid-season draught in the south-west made farmers losses due to crop failure.
Musa Yohana and Halima Thomas, farmers in Doma and Lafia, Nasarawa State, said they had planted maize, groundnut and other crops such as casava and yam but fear of fear.
I lost my yam last year due to too much heat because there was no rain.
This year, we have been in the second week of May but there is no rain.
And I have already planted 15 measures (about 20kg) of groundnut.
If it continues like this for another week, I can loss all the seeds, Mr Yohana said.
Like them, many farmers around the FCT have planted, but they have a huge fear of crop failure as experienced last year.
In Benue State, our correspondent reproted that farmers have beginned to cultivate land and plant crops because of rainfall.
Some farmers who have prepared their farms earlier in the tear said they couldn't begin planting until one week ago, while others just begin to clear land at the wake of the rain.
A farmer in Otukpo, Ada hyacinth, said the ground is still too strong to cultivate because the rain is not frequently falling.
Another farmer, Felix Tor, in Makurdi said he just planted melons and maize on his farm despite no consistent rain.
Tor however expressed fear that the nature of the rainfall could affect the well-being of the crop.
He prayed that the yield would do better in the end.
But Vitalis Tarnongu, who has been clearing his 1,000 hectares of farmland at the Federal University of Agriculture, in Makurdi (FUAM), said due to the falling rainfall this year, the rain is falling
Tarnongu said a plant breeder in the University has advised him to wait until May 20 to start planting his maize because the nature of the rainfall since the season began.
The second chairman of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Aondongu Saaku, described farming as a business that should be taken risk on.
Saaku said farmers who see it as a business have taken the risk to many of their crops already because without such risk they would not reap at the end of the day.
Meanwhile, Dr Teryima Iorlamen, a seed system specialist at FUAm, said farmers could go ahead to plant root and tuber crops as it follows the predictions of rainfall.
Iorlamen said the period expected for farmers has passed, stressing that the prediction of NIMET on the rainfall pattern in Benue State, which is expected to be expected for farmers, was expected to
We can now assure farmers that rain has stabilised, according to predictions made by NIMET.
Anything different now will be a dry spell.
I have advised farmers to check water logging capacity in their fields so that they can plant their crops as they are supposed to grow.
Rice likes a lot of water, so there is no time to plant it.
But farmers can enter roots and tubers now, including yam, cassava, maize and melon.
We believe the rain has stabilised.
Senate mourns late Army Chief, Ahmed Gulak
The Senate, on Tueday, held a minute silence to honour the demise of former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, who was killed with strong eyes on Sunday in Owerri, Imo.
This followed a motion of Deputy Senate President and chairman of the Senate on the Senate Constitution review Committee, Ovie Omo-Agege, at the floor of the Red Chamber.
Omo-Agege drawn attention of his colleagues to the killing of Gulak, who was hired by the lawmakers to assist his committee on the amendment that Nigerian people demanded.
Gulak served as a consultant to the committee and entered Owerri for the public hearing on the review of the 199 Constitution.
Though the programme had ended on Thursday, Gulak stayed behind and returned on Sunday.
He was killed at the airport in Owerri on his way to Abuja.
Omo-Agege described Gulak as a Nigerian who did not do tribal somethimg, which gave him best to the service of the country.
Also, on Tuesday, the Senate urged the federal government to immortalise the late Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru.
The red chamber also observed a minute silence to honour Lt. Gen. Attahiru, who died in a plane crash near Kaduna International Airport.
This follows a point of order by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army matter, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIN/profile code: NANS raises voice concerning disenfranchisement of students by JAMB
The Kaduna State Chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) on Tuesday said thousands of candidates would not take part in the Joint Admission and Matriculation Committee (JAMC)
Examination on hitches for the NIN/Profile code.
NANS chairman in the state, Axiz Huziafa Bello, in a statement issued yesterday in Kaduna disagreed with the JAMB.
Bello called for an extension of the electronic registration instead of risking the life of students to travel to the headquarters of JAMB in their states for manually.
He noted that the news bulletin released on Monday with the title Issues surrounding the 2021 UTME registration: Options available for genuine candidates who made attempts to attempt to make attempts
He appealed to prominent Nigerians to prevail on the management of JAMB to stop making things hard for students in Nigeria as they try to get higher education.
He urged the examination body to extend the registration period and postpone the exam to do justice and fairness.