In a nearby tomb, a civil defense officer was found in a bosom of pesin.
a member of the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC ) who had been searching for 18 months had been found in a grave not deep in the Local Goment area of the province of Benue.
Josephine Cynthia Inalegwu Onche serves at the NSCDC office in Otukpo.
Synthia, Otukpo, had just missed wen’s marriage planning.
Some of her privileged assignments indicate that her family that she could not be found again after a short time in her marriage.
She was inclined to go to the marketplace as she was preparing for her marriage, but she had never returned home.
one of the officers of the pipo of di pesin said that as long as they tried to find it, they did not see it until a okada came and showed them a burry.
Di okadaman told the family that a child was killed by a married boss, using him to rotuel for money.
Afta di okadaman carried a family pipe and a police officer to arrest a man and took them to the ritual babah in the local goment of Obi, before moving to South -West state.
A fugitive named wen had been arrested by her husband and her herbalist in Otukpo, a family pipe of di pesin who had died and had been buried and had been buried on him until June 1, 2021.
DSP Catherine Anene, a toktok pesin in Benue, refused to bear.
As a toktok persin in the province of NSCDC, Ejelikwu Micheal refused to take an anytin when we met him, he took it in time.
However, the persian insider acknowledged that the news of di dedibodi had been found to be sadnessed in the security.
A review made by wan in the constitution : MURIC stated that a sharia had existed in SouthWest before Christianity entered into conflict.
Di joinbodi, the Muslim Right Concern, urged the Penticostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN ) to give up opposition to the Muslims and to deal with them.
Professor Ishaq Akintola, director of MURIC, took it on Sunday.
The PFN warned that any political group should not review the Senate constitution to bring shariah laws to southwest.
PFN and oda Christians joinbodi knew that shariah was located in southwest before Christendom entered into 1842.
They were practicing shariah in Ede during the time of oba Abeeb Olagunju (Abbeb, Muslim ) and said :
Di shariah court in Ede continued to work in 1913, in the city of Agbeni in the city of Di town.
He was taken to Agbongbon in 1914.
It was a shariah for Iwo durin during the time of Oba Momodu Lamuye (Muhammad Lamuye ) who died in 1906.
Also, in 1910, the shariah of oba Aliyu Oyewole ( died in 1912) was transferred to Ikirun as a nomba svevn Akirun of Ikirun.
These are examples of shariah, which has been spread in Yorubaland, and the fact that the Christian congregation knows that the shariah was banned in Yorubaland, where the Christian common law was imposed.
He acknowledged that both PFN and some oda Christians knew that the immigrants grew up in southwest and feared that a giant who was sleeping was awake to take up his belongings to him.
He acknowledged that God’s sovereignty was the right to shariah.
On the other hand, they have decided that it would not be allowed to use in a new way.
They realized that war was battle with the Muslims, and that war was not bitter.
They use both good and bad ways to reach their goal.
They have called Naija pipo to help them understand the mentality of di Christian pipo.
As it were in a rapidly angry evribodium, they claimed that it was the only way they could defend themselves.
As it seemed to have been benefited from the colonial jaguda of the century B.C.E.
They had hoped that they would place popes in a colonial territory.
Di joinbodi, who revises the constitution, has suggested that Nigeria pipo write what they want in the congregation.
Each member of the governing body needs to be equipped with material supplies.
Instead of telling joinbodi what the Christians wanted, the PFN assured them that the Christians should not ask them to talk.
It was waned and banned from the southern Muslim pipo, but it did not work.
He acknowledged that it was falsely accused of religious tolerance in the south and that it was acknowledged in slavery to Yoruba pipo, a Muslim.
Muslim pipo in the region has openly asked for freedom.
We deamnded to let them stop us from putting on Christian school uniforms, going to Christian schools, and using Christian laws.
We wanted a shariah that would regulate immoral marriage, inheritance, and family affairs.
That was not the case with Christians at all.
We must use practical, lawless ways to do things just as they do so.
stakeholder in Edo acknowledged Obaseki as a leader of the party.
As the People’s Democratic Party in Edo’s state faced with a crisis of political parties, members or members of the Edo South of the party, Godwin Obaseki and his deputy Philip Shaibu were declared righteous.
Edo South PDP, on the iside of a communique published at the end of a weekend di stakeholder in the city of Benin, acknowledged Godwin Obaseki as a leader of the national part.
In his secretary’s communiques, Wilson Evbuonwam acknowledged that they supported the harmonization and the integration of new pipo in a partial executive committee in order to develop a state of welfare.
In Abuja, the persian policeman had been arrested as a kidnapper, even a collector of guns.
A police department in the FCT has arrested eight suspected kidnappers in Shenegu-Tunga Maje, Gwagwalada, the village of Kabusa and Durumi axis of Abuja.
A prisoner named Yakubu Ahmadu, Ibrahim Mallam Musa, and Bello Haruna was accused of accusation.
She acknowledged them as members of a syndicate associated with the kidnapping attempt on Vice President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA )
Gwagwalada branch, Barrister David Aigbefoh.
She acknowledged the suspicion of being arrested during a coordinated intelligence operation commanded by the anti -kidnapping squad in Shenegu mountain on the border of FCT and Niger State.
She acknowledged that the suspect had given a beta information on what they had done in the congregation.
Yusuf later acknowledged the arrest of a Nwite Jideofor who had been involved in kidnapping from Durumi, confessing that he was conved with a pipo who kidnapped him to collect up to 5 million dollars from his sister as a rescue.
She acknowledged the work of arresting other members of a fugitive group, adding that she had been arrested at three dane guns, seven cutlases, a Honda Accord painted with bleakness, four mobile phones and oda items.
She acknowledged that the two suspects were to be brought to court after the investigation on the welwel, as she warned a pipe in the FCT, especially a parent and a guardian, to engage in fraud against their children.
Suarez strike, Atletico defeat La Liga title
On Saturday, Athletico Mardrid defeated Real Valladolid 2-1, the goal Luiz Suarez scored resulted in an an unexpected victory in La Liga.
Suarez was crying in the begging season seeking Barcelona to force him to leave, but at the end of the season, Athleticoto’s 21st goal was to win the first league since 2014, a victory ahead of Real Madrid
Athletico knew that they would win a trophy regardless of what Madrid did in a villareal home.
However, he was not comfortable with Valladolid’s early leadership.
Real Madrid is behind the match, before Karim Benzema is equalizing for 87 minutes, and Luka Modric scores the final winner of 2-1 at Valdebebas, that one holds Athletico for a long time, as a small goal is scattered.
During the final whistle, Suarez was covered with a red and white shirt and sought the title race that was closest, even unpredictable.
Suarez Zone
Over a week
coach Diego Simone acknowledged the situation in Suarez
and so he proved that the Uruguayan score di whom the Athletico title last week returned to the trophy with his kom score on the last day.
Athleti also defeated Simeone in 2014 for the second time in 17 years
Athletico, who has been at the table since December, scores two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna.
Athletico, who took the lead of 10 points in February, scattered to 2 May, and placed a table relying on Real Madrid and Barcelona.
So it was no surprise that they faced Valladolid, 19 on the table, with patches.
Athletico’s fanatics had gathered in Valladolid Plaza Mayor to sing, and a large number of fanatics arrived outside the di stadium, which was removed for a better time.
Di Kilin, the fugitive of Gulak, had to shout.
People screamed and wept on Sundays as a barrel was killed.
Ahmed Gullak, who had been an ex - counselor to former president Goodluck Jonathan, was a politician.
Upon trying to enter the airport of Sam Mbakwe in Owerri, the capital of the Imo state, a fugitive named Pipo was shooting with Gulak in the village of Obiangwu.
On yesterday evening, a politician from Adamawa committed a funeral parery in the national mosque in Abuja, an afta burrating his bodi in the Gudu cemetary about 8pm
A police officer in the province of Imo acknowledged that at least six di pipoes had been killed by the chief of the All Progressives Congress (APC ) and were attacked alongside them.
According to a statement made by the Police Public Relation Officer, SP Bala Elkana, on May 30, 2021, as a police officer received a call call, Ahem Gulak, a special police officer, including the Intellingence Response Team (IRT ), the Police Mobile Force (PMF ), and a tactical unit from di command kom, was sent to the town of Obiagwu junction, Ngorokpala LGA of Imo.
IT IS the instruction given to your team to catch a fugitive in order to face justice.
The Imo police have stopped the execution of a pipo, as it were, since yesterday.
the airport drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, drivers, and drivers.
They claimed to be a Toyota Camry model in 2005, a silver di jaguda pipo, with a 1998 medel - and - golden sienna.
Toyota Hilux painted in white, and a Lexus 330, painted in gold.
( No registration number for security reasons )
Later, as they were acquainted with the types of captors and cares, they were assigned to take up the route and take up the types of captors.
with certain men and women of lead, they eventually established the governing body.
They were suspected of being captured in Afor Enyiogugu, a county of Anoh - Mbaise.
like di jaguda pipo, a dustribute onion in a confiscated trailer.
Onions are filled with a trailer from Northern Naija kom.
as they saw in a police officer, di jaguda pipo, who was protecting their fellow jaguda, began shooting a gun to a police officer.
Di gallant and a battleplane
The officer returned with a gunshot.
Six jaguda pipo and four other members of the di group suffered serious injuries.
Three of the four motorcycles were assembled in the attack on Gulak.
Three Ak47 riffles, a pistol, five AK47 magazines with 92 rounds of live amunation, and criminals.
Di jaguda pipo was identified as a member of the banned IPOB and ESN.
Later driver Ahmed Gulak, surviving victim identified a bodi of the member of the IPOB/ESN as being attacked, and a truck sheltered in the same motorcycle.
During the meeting with di jaguda pipo, two armored passengers who belonged to the police were involved in scattering a firearm, but they were not completely corrupted.
and Di’s afta di afta attack videos show that Gulak was wearing jean trousers and a blue shirt as he slept in his own blood, near a car that was abandoned.
Gulak was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC ) governor’s primary elections leading the Persian leader Hope Uzodinma.
He even became a governor and visited the state welwel.
Why is there in Owerri
Although Gulak has been visiting Owerri’s welwel since Uzodinma has entered its seat, it was to attend a public hearing of the constitution review that was held in the city of refuge for the last time.
After their seats were closed, Gulak was back sat when a member of the committee was in the city of Komot on Friday.
A petition close to Senator Orji Uzor kalu, chairman for the public hearing in Owerri, acknowledged the deceased private Kalu’s afta di siddon token, but he refused.
According to the source, Kalu’s team left the city on the day of the public hearing, but Gulak stayed back, claiming that he had to do in the city.
“ We left Owerri on the day of public hearing, and we asked him to join us in an hour private jet, so we had enough security.
He acknowledged that there was something to do in the city.
Naija pipo had a knock on the FG, and politicians had a concert in Kilin
Naija pipo, a member of the social media, has listened to Federel goment and to the policeman Ova di Kilin.
Ifeanyi Maduako, who commented on the social media link with di tori published by The Daily Trust, linked him to politics.
Di kilin bitter in my mouth.
It seemed to be politics, and we should open our eyes to them.
A murderer was to expose a pipo behind a security challenge in the state of Imo.
Who was her guest, and why would northernernerners of the Imo State be killed?
I feared what the innocent Imo pipo would do for a few days under the hands of the northern security forces, he wrote.
Olurombi Micheal Omo, who commented in a thread, said that after a police report proved that he was a political Kilin, he was supposed to be investigated.
It seems that the officer had questions to nswer to.
In his own case, Comr Hassan Ahmad wrote that the soul of the innocent pipo is more important than the scam called the Unity for naija.
We refuse to be illiteracy, enof is enof, peacemaker
But when we are pressed to the wall, we see that we cannot keep a wit in peace
I am sending warning, retaliating, and worsening.
You have failed us woefully, and we were faced by a police officer named Imo to follow a di jaguda pipo.
Nasiru Inuwa sef wrote : “ The big pipo in north began to bear witness to the innocent Fulani’s faithful heir, now becoming northern goment officials, as well as prominent politicians.
Emma Powerful, secretary of the IPOB joinbodi, stated that it should not be linked to the murder of Gulak
So we acknowledged that the wrongdoer was not aware of an accusation.
In prayer with sef, how Gulak was threatening at a mission warranted to kill him.
We had no anytin with him, and we would not have killed him.
Diverting attention from the actual pipo was simply a distinction between a barbaric act and a barbaric act.
Similarly, a terrorist worn in a security uniform committed atrocities in south east of the country and was sentenced to IPOB for crime, such as corruption and reputation.
It was an opportunity to start an an anodic special military operation in the Eastern Region to invade more innocent Biafra pipo.
Instead of carrying out accurate investigations on incidents and causes, they had faced an injustice that they had not committed.
Did she have a di informate in the movement of the late Gulak so much that she could be stopped on the airport road?
A group suggested that security officers initially investigate the customs of the host of Gulak, Hope Uzordinma, and his political opponent.
Doos who killed Gulak would not escape punishment.
Presido, Muhammadu Buhari had hesitated that the fugitive of Gulak and the fugitive of oda in the province would not be released.
Presido, Buhari, in a statement in toktok persin, expressed her anger and disgust to her heinous murder.
“ I am repulsed by the brutal murder of Gulak, who is premeditated by evil pipo, which is being destroyed into the peace, unity, and territorial integrity of awa kontri, ” said Di president.
Let me warn that nobody or joinbodi who is doing something that is despicable would expect to be set free.
We need to use our evritin to see that a coward who has committed a serious sin and has committed a serious sin will face justice.
Akeredolu acknowledged that the Kilin of Gulak was unacceptable.
Governor of the state of Olwarotimi akeredolu described in the news of di kilin as shocking and disturbing
Inside a statement signed by the Governor imsef, he acknowledged that there were too many murders that were unreasonable and wicked.
Di pipo, who committed such wrongdoing, was an enemy of their contribution.
Di corner - corner methods include misleading, confusing, and destroying.
he had unmistakable, despicable printings of fifth columnists bent on a seat of contri on the path of conflagration.
criminals must not be allowed to succeed.
We used a dismediate message to tell a brother from the Governor of the Imo State, Hope Uzordinma that we were with him.
We encouraged him and the Governors of the South Eastern State to stand firm against security challenges and to overcome bloodbaths.
Di di pipo’s enemies regularly used the weapons of fear to set a defeat.
A coward act was to instigate Naija pipo in front of each room, to make northerners in front of Igbo pipo, who lived outside South East
We must face opponents of di pipo to see that we have lost power in their hands.
It is not time to argue who is the best politician.
We should not allow bandits to misuse the legitimacy of dis goments at all the niveys.
We telephoned the security offices to the kolabo to see a criminal pair of sponsors and two of the terrorists walking.
They must be severely punished.
Fintiri mourns
Umara Ahmadu Fintiri, a governor of the state of Adamawa, acknowledged the shock of Gulak, who was the former speaker of the state of Adamawa.
Governor Fintiri acknowledged the painfulness of death.
Governor Fintiri acknowledged Late Gulak as a witty, determined, and practical politician as a result of his hard work.
It is unfortunate that we have lost our lives
Hon Ahmed Gulak was in a brutal manner.
Gulak was a lifelong evribodian politician, and he was always interested in contri.
As he recalls his interaction with the late Gulak, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri acknowledged himself as a brother and a mentor, seeking to become a lawtor, a human rights fighter.
The Madagali community has lost a fine son.
In a statement released in Yola yesterday by Chief Press Secretary Hunwashi Wanisoukou, a governor acknowledged that one of the strong persins that contended for human rights had been lost.
We all remember his passionate battle for di pipo, whom the insurgency jaguda had sent a commotion to the house, and a little - meansed pipo.
ACF condemned di kilin
The consultative forum (ACF ) has been condemned in Kilin of Gulak, and we have suffered significant loss.
In ACF, a statement made by the secretary of national publicity, Emmanuel Yawe, quoted as a dynamic, progressive, and notrth - comed politician.
If you like it or not, it is your business.
May God bless, and let him give his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to endure losing.
Di Kilin is part of a plan to repeat the coup appun in 1966 CNG
In the coalition of the Norther Groups (CNG ), the politician Ahmed Gulak, who had been an ex - political adviser to former president Goodluck Jonathan, described the planned campaign and the bombing campaign in Southeast of Naija as a attempt to repeat it in 1966.
In a statement toktok pesin Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, Di CNg listed the reason why the northern part of the di kontri could not live with southeast as a kontri, as the Indigenous Pipo of Biafra, Di eastern Security network (ESN ) and oda Igbo gand funded, have confidence in each part of the di Igbo society, both in the home and in the province of Oyinbo.
Westham hoped that they could reach top - four and lost their defeat against Everton
Westham’s hope to reach top - four has corrupted the fugitive bikos against Everton, hoping to entain the European league on Sunday
Dominic Caivert-Lewin’s goal in the 24th minute of the game shows that it is determined to defeat Westham’s final goal that will be scored in that very serious afternoon
Most closer to Westham’s equalizing was Wen Vladmir Coufal, who was able to shoot a bar ball and Jerron Bowenno could not hit him back on his goal.
Pipo, who supported vice president Yemi Osinbajo, has shown that he is still turning back as a candidate for the presidential election.
Osinbajo tactfully acknowledged him as president
Vice President Osinbajo acknowledged that becoming president at 2023 Presidential Election was a distraction
Unconfident Tori has been in the town of Osinbajo as president
Vice president Laolu Akande tactfully acknowledged that vice president neva declared interest in becoming president on Monday
The Vice - president’s office has taken a look at a Web page bodi
opposition to the volunteer group supported by Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, preparing for the 2023 Presidential elections
Website details and applying pages have been filled with Whatsapp and the fact that losinbajo has declined interests in the 2023 elections
At the office of the vice president, there is no connective wit group or website that feels that it is an unnecessary distraction
Professor Osinbajo neva acknowledged wan as president in the elections of 2023, focusing on serving as vice president in the current administration
In a statement, we ask him to solve all his trials, to face the challenges he faces, to wait patiently for peace and prosperity.
Ndidi and Iheanacho have made Nigeria proud again in Leicester City, playing with the flag of Kontri, as a member of the FA Cup was defeated.
NFF has Congrated Ndidi Iheanacho for the FA cup defeated in Leichester City
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF )
Mr Amaju Melvin Pinnick has sent messagers with Congatulate Super Eagles Midfielder Wilfred Ndidi and Forward Kelechi Iheanacho for his victory in Leichester against Chealsea, who is being hypeed on Saturday
FA Cup final in England
Two of them march at Wembley and celebrate the afta di march with the flag of Nigeria as they join the list of di oda seven Nigerian Players in the England Cup
I was a coworker in Ndidi and Iheanacho
Working with wells throughout the campaign in Leichester City, both they and a team deserves honor.
I had confidence that these victories would serve as high moralities during the friendly marches that we played during the summer and during the September FIFA World Cup
I also happed witnesses at the Nigeria Flag, which included the celebration of wen’s evrithin
Let one be amazing
Nwankwo Kanu and John Utaka defeated the FA Cup in Portsmouth against Cardiff in 2008
Before that time, Daniel Amokachi had won the Everton in 1995 ; Celestine Babayaro sef in Chelsea in 2000, Kanu in Arsenal in 2002 and John Mikel Obi in Chelsea in 2007
Afta Kanu/Utaka defeated in 2008, John Mikel Obi defeated Chelsea again in 2009, 2010 and 2012, Alex Iwobi defeated Arsernal in 2017, with Victor Moses also defeated in 2018.
When I was in the early 70 ’ s at the Federal Goment College in Enugu, I was using a train passing mysef from Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokovic raised up in the Belgrade title of Roland Garros
Novak Djokovic had finished his warmer success at Roland Garros wen hin defeated Slovakian Alex 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday at the final of the ATP Clay tournament in Belgrade
This is the second event in the city of Ohio one month in which fanatics arrived, not like the Serbian Open, in which the stadium was drought in April.
Djokovic acknowledged that he had been playing for a long time in front of the finally defeated Belgrade Pesin in the Serbian Open, which was the final victory in 2011
Di herder - farmer kasala in Nigeria has now become a highlight in the news evriday.
Nigeria’s herder - farmer trial : Di Livestock’s reform Plan
Federation and State goments in Nigeria struggle to fulfill a National Livestock Transformation Plan that moves cattle movements throughout the di kontri region to become battle for herders and farmeres
Many state goments have endorsed him, but he faces challenges.
Political leadership, injustice, budget constraints that increase the bikos of COVID-19 pandemic, unemployed experts, and uncertainty
Failing plans, such as modernizing livestock management, increasing the struggle between the sower and the herder
It was approved by the National Economic Council in January 2019, with a goal to represent the effort that would be worth more than examining the hardworking livestock system
The main part of this strategy is the control of the apun grazing so that it can reduce conflict between the brothers and the farmers
The move hopes that afta 10 years of age, walking up and down will be focused primarily on putting dia cattle into ranches and reserve in public grains, which breedin farms and oda mechanized livestock management will support the production of di sectors
By the end of 2028, the authority was intended to build about 119 ranches in all the state involved to create about two million jobs in the livestock production, processing, and market chain
President Muhammadu Buhari’s administration made plans of afta for a period of struggle between shepherds and farmers, intense struggles and opposition to a ghetto in 2018
The Federal Goment, who has the goal of giving up some 80 per cent of the transformation proposal in the state involved, has taken the first step in applying their plans, including technical support, such as field surveillance and site mappin.
Millions of states have been reactivating the demarcated grazin reserve, serving in public offices, establishing oversight committees to engage in theocratic activities.
Authorities have carried out workshops and workshops that will benefit from the reform of the livestock
After the last two years of the 10 - year plan, neva builds every ranch and dia obstacle
opposition from di herders, although most of them are from Fulani, continues to be among the farmers who refuse to let pastolists enjoy the benefits of di plan sef, corrupting reform efforts
Although peacemakers and military forces have reduced bloodshed since 2018, distress and distress have been plentiful in the Middle belt, a paradise battle between farmers and herders
A shortage in the federal and state budget, a small portion of bikos of di economy that polluted bikos of di pandemic, and a bikos di kontri had no technical experts who knew how to handle ranches and grazin reserve
In many states, especially in North - West, criminal gangs and armed groups are increasing in polluing access to grazin reserves and making unrighteous pipoes
unless they do something about him, disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient disobedient
To cope with disasters, it is vital that the federal and State authorities work hard to help donors and investors.
First, the political leadership of the Ohio State should be stronger than ever, and the public should be increasing in communicating with God’s people so that they can disrupt doubts and misunderstandings
This is most common among the pastoralists, who would ask them to replace the number of centuries of Dia nomadic lifestlye, and who had serious doubts about making a vow about a pasture.
Many farmers, however, fear that they will lose their land to produce livestock.
Many pioneers in the middle of the Belt and the oda states in South still suspect long - term goals that are viewed as an opportunity for fellow Christians and Fulanians
Witnesses from Abuja and oda partners, state goments need to seek a pipe to qualify for the technical aspect of the thins, especially a pipe to handle the ranch and grazin reserve, dairy production, and meat processin
Federal and State goment sef should plan to increase their budget, release funds quickly, and establish financial transparency to make sure that evrithin is accountable, to work for donors and investors needed
It is especially important to deal with insecurities in rural areas, to curb impunity, and to move to the communities that are deeply affected by conflict in each participating state.
Regarding the climate change, the authorities need to make a decision regarding the benefits of the congregation’s congregation
Some of these steps take time, and the planned make di pipo focuses on how to produce strong, prominent, and prominent results
Di kontri attends general elections in less than two years
Political officials will need a clearly beneficial proof ( Changes are certain, since the president Buhari and many governors of the state will not be able to compete as long as they have served for two years )
During the heat of the champaign campaign in the end of the year 2022, a back - di plan di pipo should be able to show some of the renovated ranches, strong donors, and investors’ commitments, as well as the first group of pipo who has been trained to serve as professional in livestock mamagement
Nothin’s plans are easy but worth effort
It was not perfect, but it gave an important opportunity to adjust to the Nigeria livestock system that addressed both the needs of the small - scale farmers and the congregation.
About 70 percent of the pipo work in Nigeria come from Agriculture
Modernizing the livestock sector would boost contri’s prosperity and at the same time be an important way to solve one of the dangerous Casals of Nigeria
During the 2023 elections, both the federal and the state authorities would need to take action so that they could see what they are doing, or they would work hard to create such an opportunity.
A report on the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP ) and its progress was published by the International Crisis Group
Di kain kwanta with a wit di king
Do you refuse?
They are responsible for producing high proportions of food and crop
Subsistence farmers are di smallholders who consume in majority of the refinement produced in order to avoid participating actively in commercial - oriented farming in a variety of constraints
no energy for anyone who does not hape me
I owned it
I concluded that evribodi is evil
complex, diversified, and dangerous systems
a small farm, made under traditinal or informal tenure, and made in marginal risk - prone environments
Yields are low and farmers lack capacity to increase yields
The end of our life and prosperity
waya aza
are focused on productivity, production enhancement, and commercialising as an enterprise
Evri -evri
Friends of Akpos and hin sitting down
profitable yields produced by smallholders
You Are Coming
Describe the challenges that have caused many smallholders to pursue low - risked livelihood and low -yielding rural activities
Are you a witch?
I walked for food
Let me call my father
As developing contries grow larger, richer, and more urban, the intensification of agri - food production will occur in rapidly changing agri - food value chains.
far away from what I was asking to come
Dis development is distracted from competitive advantages.
It is vital that we seek to solve problems
methodologies will require an intergrated approach
debit debts sharks
dis kain things
I received mistakes at work
water flooded throughout the fields
Farmers planned battle for 2020
for many farmers and oda stakeholders in the agro - sector, the year 2020 will be one of the decades worse in the history of Naija’s introduction of new dynamics that millions of smallholders will contend with
a number of challenges have been faced in the fields that are ranging from climate issues, conflicts, and complications from the global COVID-19 pandemic that has caused pain and heartbreak to farmers and agribusiness players
first, the locks and restrictions of the COVID-19 occur during the dry season of the sower and of the wet season of the sower
plenty of farmers are unable to go on farms while laborers who have harvested dia farms since mechanization are challenging and maneuver harvests are in danger.
in coronavirus locked -down markets that have been disrupted in rural economies
plenty of farmers cannot sell products that allow them to buy seed and fertilize, paying workers / tractor services
The price of a fertilizer has grown so much that a large crowd of smallholders cannot afford it
in some lands, prices have grown to N13,000 for a bag of Indorama and Notore Urea
NPK 15-15-15 has grown to N25,000 under the federal goment NPK20-10-10 under the presidential fertilizer initiative, which is not available to farmers in N5000, where the price has grown to N7,000, and that is far superior in some lands
in the farmers in Zamfara, Katsina, southern kaduna, some parts of the kebbi and Sokoto states, bandits did not only deprive them of access to the dia farms but also killed plenti in the dia farms
hundreds of farming communities were raised
kidnappers and demanders of ransom
plants pay large amounts of money or surrender large portions of dia harvest for bandits
hundreds of villages in those states have become desolated
one of the worst disasters in the fields of agriculture has been witnessed by the Flood of 450,000 hectares of rice and maize, estimated to be about N3.5 billion in the kebbi, Sokoto, and kano states.
many of the farmers he affected still have to receive compensation for the destruction of their livelihood
flooding has worsened since the 2012 disaster that wrecked havoces across the coastal and Flood -prone parts of Naija’s coastal area
in the meantime, as floods hurt the hearts of the farmers in the south, droughts confronts the farmers in the south
for two months, farmers had no joy but watched the loss of investments in the crop
Disguise
an adjusted subjector — poultry and feeds
the scarcity of maize in the begining has caused prices to grow
He also had forced the Poultry association in Naija to send an appeal to a federal goment for emergency care
in the case of appeals and release of 5,000 metric tons of maize from the national strategic reserve for farmers, the federal government has responded to the granting of permits to be used for imports of about 222 metric tons of maize for food supplies
howeva, a short - term solution that triggered the scarcity of soyabean struck in the past three months, led to the frightening of the tsunami in January 2021.
the scarcity resulted in a serious crash in the fields of food as the prices rose from N2,600 in February to about N5,500
the poultry industry has lost an estimate of N7 million jobs with project figures reached 10 million in January 2021, whereas a estimated loss of investments is about N1.5 trilion
while the poultry farmers are still struggling with the challenges of the mar di sectors, the crop farmers despite the challenges of the di sectors in the 2020 s farming year, and the buyers are entitled to share in the fields even before making a bulk purchase arrangement
distributed for the first time in the first century as the price of grains failed to decline in the harvest, as it sparked the hunger of animals and called to be reopened on the border to allow the influx of smuggled products through the di kontri’s porous borders
A strong tower named di lord
3,000 youths benefit from NALDA’s farm in Ebonyi
the National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA ) has decided to engage at least 3,000 youths in the state of Ebonyi in the proposed intergrated landshares in the state
in the area of the intergrated farm will be completed and commissioned by Oct.
at the executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, announced on Tuesday that the proposed integrated farmhouse would be established in 104 hectares of land under state authorities
Prince Ikonne, who also serves in the state of Ebonyi, at a courtesy visit to the governor on Monday, Engr David Umahi, announced that it would be completed in October 2021
in the ministry, the President urged us to reactivate abandoned farms and to develop new ones for security
the eager state of Governor of Ebonyi
Rehoboam and Rehoboam are fully involved in the accomplishment of the dream
thus, the state of Ebonyi has been committed to cooperate with the NALDA to engage di teeming youths in full agricultural productivity
Consider the key of a governor in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs
we establish an intergrated farm in the state of Ebonyi as we do in the state of oda
di scheme to engage in Naija pipo and draw attention to the field
From Jude Owuamanam (Owerri), Lami Sadiq (Kaduna), Bola Ojuola (Akure), Abdullateef Salau, Muideen Olaniyi, Abbas Jimoh & Idowu Isamotu
The New Major Presido of the Niger Republic has choked the hands of a terrorist on a crime they had committed.
Presido Mohamed Bazoum, the new leader of the Niger Republic, has taken up the authority on Friday in a convent facing two jihadist insurgencies.
Bazoum acknowledged the massacre of many innocent pipeos, and therefore, it was a real war crime.
He acknowledged that the leaders of divided groups came from oda and said that they were attacking Niger in vain.
He acknowledged that no terrorist leader had any offense against them
Bazoum, 61 years old, was elected in two rounds in December and February.
Mahamadou Issoufou, now in her mid - 60 ’ s, fell down by her afta with two fove yaer term at the office.
For the first time in Niger’s 60 ’ s of independence, the clergy were handwashed at the inauguration of the governing body, but it was celebrated by terrorists and criminals.
Niger suffered an insurgency closely connected to the Al-qaeda or Islami State (IS ), which was in the west of Burkina Faso and Mali, and from nigeria as Boko Haram was in the southeast.
Since the beginning of the year, more than 300 pipoes have been killed in three attacks in the west.
The most recent incident occurred when 141 members of the Tuareg community were killed on March 21, in the large desert of Tahoua, entering Mali.
Bazoum tried by Niger Rebuplic to concentrate on Mali.
He acknowledged that the current situation in Mali had a direct impact on their country’s security.
Insurgents who have been linked to the IS had the base in Menaka and Gao, eastern and central Mali, as Bazoum had taken it.
He suggested that it would be very difficult to fight as long as it were in the province of Mali.
Earlier in the middle of the Wednesday, a firearm was shot at the presidential office in Niamey, accusing them of being overconfident.
He described it as a coward and a regressive act that is a treath to democracy and a state of law.
Four cups of kontri in West Africa have been affected, one that recently surpassed the apun in Februry 2010, and his committing Presido Mamadou Tandja.
Googles hesitate to leave Australia
As they had been told to share the profits with the pipeo publisher, they had threatened to interfere with the search engine in a di kontri.
Australia has introduced primary laws, such as the laws imposed on Google, Facebook, and oda tech companies to pay news pipo for material they bring.
However, as a firm in the US had returned, they warned that they could leave their service in the congregation.
Oga Prime Minister in Australia, Scott Morrison, hesitated that lamakers would not listen to any threats.
Although Australia is not one of the largest marketplaces in the world, the list of newspapers may be a global test of how to expand regulated tech firms.
The Australian code would be throwed on both the platforms of Google and the social network to negate over the worth of their media content if they could not reach a legal agreement in the beginning.
On Friday, Mel Silva, director of the Google, told a Senate siddon that it would not work.
She acknowledged that if such versions of the code were translated into bicycle laws, there would be no more choice than allowing them to move to Australia.
On the other hand, the lawmaker accused it of blackmail and bully in Australia, attempting to raise a reform.
He will live in an earthly paradise
Will you go to the marketplace and go to the marketplace?
Senator Rex Patrick asked, ‘ Was she arrested? ’
Silva replied that di code was an unexpected operation in the Australian outback.
Morrison acknowledged that her goment was committing legal progress through decades in the parliament.
Let me do this clearly : Australia is the greatest form of sovereignty that you can do in Australia.
We are attending a parliament, just as he announced to the news on Friday.
Why is Australia under pressure?
The dominant search engine in Australia has been described as an essential utility that does not really have a market competition.
Di goment’s argument was that bkos di tech giants had clients among the ppoers who read the news to pay an amount appropriate to the newsroom for their journalism.
Moreover, they argued that financial support was needed or that a powerful media was vital for the Democracy.
Accordi to the Government token, printing media in Australia has experienced a 75% reduction since 2005.
It was a threshold that was to be removed.
According to law makers, news accounts contained only 12.5% of the Google search in Australia.
Poultry farmers have requested that animals be imported from grades of maize and soya meals.
Dr. Olalekan Odunsi, the secretary general of the South West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN ), invited them to provide facilities for importing animal grades of maize and soya meals.
Odunsi acknowledged that imports could save the poultry business from collapse.
He acknowledged that until the next harvest, the import of feed grade maize would sustain about 500 million layers, 100 million brothers, 1 million breeders, and oda class of poultry.
He urged the government not to be allowed to exert soya, seed, and bean meals that were processed in the first century.
He urged the governments of the region to put effort in the production of maize as they did in the production of rice.
Odunsi hesitated that maize farmers, soya beans, and the villagers in Naija had to collabo to work.
He acknowledged that if the government did not intervene, it would threaten an average of five million pounds of employment if the government did not act in harmony with the Scriptures.
Today, in most states of South West, maize is sold at 210,000 /MT, so that bena is 240,000 /MT.
As these two important items were, the price of poultry feed was now increasing from N2750 to N3000 in April N2020 to N4850 to N5300.
In December, most farmers could not sell them to brothers bkos of the cost of production more than the average Naija pesin could buy.
Today, eggs are now more than the average pesin can buy, at a price of about 1,300
Therefore, it is necessary that a member of the governing body intervene to save the remainder of ten million jobs in the poultry value of the economic chain.
as he did
Buhari fom APC’s rep is being suspended
At All Progressives Congress (APC ), a member of the House of Representatives representing the Kazaure federal constituency in the province of Jigawa, Muhammad Gudaji Danbaffa, was suspended for six months.
Furthermore, a panel with seven members has been formed to probe di allegation of an insurbordination and to make a recommendation within ten days.
Committees were headed by Hamza Dand, whom Sanusi Kaaure was secretary.
In di leta, a lawmaker, a chairmo of the local authorities claimed that the decision to suspend Gudaji was based on the constituent pipo in the Kazaure Yama ward, and a local goment sef handed him.
Our correspondent was suspended by lawmaker bikos, accused of criticism against governors, choosing to replace candidates in the newly appointed chaimanship and primary councilorship.
Serena had crossed over the teenager Pigato in Parma Wta.
Serena Williams, a brush aside at the challenge of local teenager Lisa Pigato, attended the opening round of the WTA tournament in Parma on Monday.
The world candidate Williams, the beat Pigato, ranked 572 with her WTA defeat 6-3,6-2, attended the first meeting.
How can the North -Central govs optimize the law of open grazing from the leader of South APC
As the open grazing controversy has become a trend in the public domain, Southern governor has examined how the president, the Farmers Empowerment Association in Nigeria (FEAN ), and the Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC ) North -Central Forum in FCT, Honourable Obaje David, have examined how the North -Central governors can respond.
Recently, governments of the Southern State met in Asaba, Delta State, and the cities of refuge were banned.
What are you dealing with conflict and decision - making issues?
humans have the right to act and opinion.
But most important, once you take your own action, see the consequences.
You should be able to consider both advantages and disadvantages.
I am not one of the doses that would be either good or bad.
As a Nigerian, you have the right and freedom to live in any way in a conflict of faith and association freedom.
In such circumstances, I will not say good to you.
But as a leader in North Central, I will accept what is good, especially in the central part of the country, as a result of potential economic benefits both for us and for all nations.
Prejudice is an advantage.
We need to tap into it and see how we can make it a real venture and make money from it.
Luckily, we had a landmass that was sufficient to accommodate in the congregation of herders, no matter what di nomba from the South to the North Central.
What is the position of beyour regarding public grazing?
I am not one of the di pipo who supports open grazing.
I was more confident in ranching than in bikos.
I trust that if we start doing ranching, it will work out for us.
Government officials in North Central should be allowed to participate in national programs on ranches.
Such movements could move the city of Nortj Central to serve where the crowd is greater than the crowd of cows, cows, and allied products
He went to bikom through economic empowerment in northern central pipo.
We had unassigned territories in southern states.
See the states of Kogi, Niger, Kwara, and oda.
We had to offer a house to her husband and ranch to her own advantage.
In the challenges that Fulani’s heirmen faced, they did not want to take ranching.
The problem is that they have not benefited from being educated.
Their culture is nomadic.
As a result, they needed beta education to accept ranching.
We might also adopt a di - method in Kenya, where almost every family has cows, but there is no open grazing, as many cows there are.
That is what the governments of the southern part of the world are taking into account.
Government officials do not show their belongings in disregard.
They were not invited to ranching or to impose mouth on the federal government.
They were telling us that they had faced a trial and that they had to leave.
Herding was a personal business, so they asked herders to apply in land.
But have they asked them to apply in such a land as di herders?
As a di Pesin contributed to youth empowerment, especially in the fields of agriculture and the value chain, why do some political principles fail to work?
First, no other government has been able to reach the lives of such individuals as the President Muhammadu Buhari, whom you can sit in your home without problems and apply in the facility and get.
Also, there are credit facilities called COVID-19.
Many Naija pipo had borrowed hundreds of thousands of naira from their homes without going to the offices.
Moreover, some SMEs, such as Bank of Industry (BOI ), Bank of Agriculture (BOA ), and Di remaining, have been expanded.
The challenge is that we have two sides — the doze that you believe and the doze that you do not believe.
Thus, in the case of unbelievers in the administration of Buhari, notin benefited.
But to our faithful brother in Buhari, we benefit, and we thank him.
The kidnappers had killed a driver and carried 13 pipes inside Nasarawa.
Adamu Usman was killed by kidnapper, and 13 pipes were taken near the Shafa-Abakpa -Umaisha road to Toto Local Government Council of Nasarawa State.
The Daily Trust heard that he was throwed three times in his abdomen and died about 9pm at the university fo Abuja Teaching Hospital, where his and anoda driver Atahiru Abukwo, who had been shooting too much, were being treated together.
Another chauffeur who had escaped Narrowly attacked Ibrahim Saidu and said that it was aound 5pm on Tuesday di incident apun when many kidnapped with AK47 from the bush to the waylay four cars from the village of Ugya.
As he took it, he kidnapped waylay a vehicle and started shooting a firearm on a motorcycle carrying pipo from Ugya to Abaji.
He acknowledged that a kidnapped driver had lost control in an airplane.
13 passengers, including a neva - old woman, were thrown into a bush and thrown into a firearm.
In fact, you were driving behind four motorcycles, and I was rescued from a persian village.
As I walked, I heard a firearm shooting and turned back.
Under Ohimegye of Opanda-Umaisha, His Royal Majesty (HRM ), Usman Abdullahi, some of the bandits left in the forest were responsible for the kidnapping of travelers, residents, and local farmers.
Some of the bandits remained and were involved in terrorism in the communities, asking the state and the federal authorities to cooperate and throwing them out patapata.
Upon contact with the spokesman of the NASarawa State Police Department, ASP Ramhan Nansel, he acknowledged the latest kidnapping incident, asked to join the Divisional Police Officer in the token of Toto Local Goment Area, and asked to join the news token again.
A man who followed a path in a lagos had been arrested.
The Lagos State Police Command had confirmed the arrest of a Victor Ebhomenyen seeking to drive on a route at Four Point Hotel, Oniru, in the Lagos State.
ASP Erhator Sunday bodi at Four Point Hotel, Oniru, Lagos, as it were, Ebhomenyen was also assaulted and wounded.
That is a statement made by Lagos Police Command toktok pesin CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi.
He told him to set a record of a straught concert
on Saturday, April 17, an incident recorded in a video that appeared on the social media became viral.
He acknowledged that two men were assaulted ASP Erhator Sunday, a duty officer, and a scene on the road on Oniru, Victoria Island, Lagos State.
Adejobi acknowledged that the primary suspect, Victor, had entered the police network at the State Criminal Investigation Department Panti, for investigation and prosecution as and when necessary.
He acknowledged that the commission had made an effort to arrest the persian di gbege togeda, Etinosa.
Gbajabiamila had welcomed Ayade as a member of the PDP urged him to stay united.
A speaker in the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, has shown that he has been defected in the Congregation of All Progressives (APC ) by governor of the cross River State, Prof. Ben Ayade, and he has been partitioned in an evribodial campaign.
In a statement on Thursday that his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, acknowledged that the action of Ayade indicated that the APC was a partial battlefront.
Di Speaker acknowledged that the governor of the cross River State had made a fair decision and set a fine example for residents.
While the ruling party was open to all, he invited the Nigerians to join the APC to move forward.
Di Speaker hesitated that the APC would continue to be just and fair to all its members.
Meanwhile, in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP ), wen was reacting to the defect of Ayade, urging members of the cross River State to stay united.
In a statement made up of a partial toktok pesin, Kola Ologbondiyan spoke against all the critical stakeholder and the teeming members of the party in the cross Rivers State to immediately strip off the togeda and to ensure that all the members of the party in the state remain intact.
Di PDP grew to the Governor Ayade in his new political campaign as well as in his future endeavors.
Forensic Bill at the National Assembly : Combating Buhari’s corruption
At National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on Wednesday 19th
May 2021 at the House of Representatives and Tuesday 2nd
( SB.615 and HB. ) ( SB.615 and HB. ) ( SB.615 and HB.
791 ) is read in the Third Time in both Chambers (SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE ).
It represents clear demonstrations of patriotism and direct responses of the national assembly, as well as strengthening and reinvigorating national borders in the fight against fraud, corruption, and cybercrime.
As bills have been passed, the 9th Assembly under the leadership of His Excellency, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, PhD, CON and Rt Hon Femi Gbajabiala clearly demonstrated that they had taken the legislative position, just as it was in the di Constitution of Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999, as amended.
In addition, there are evidence that the National Assembly has been awake to perform a complementary role in combating corruption by the arms of Goment.
It has been written with a wit heartfelt and heartfelt gratitude, which has been placed on our platform to let both Nigerians and indeed all the nations know what the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria is all about and with unique ideas that are being brought on board in order to complement national efforts in its assignment to rid against corruption, fraud, and cyber -Crimes and oda related crime.
Afta di senates have been overwhelmed by Bill, and the Bi -cameral Legislature, the House of Representatives, is always ready and resilient under the leadership of His Excellency, Rt.
Femi Gbajabiamila in Hon.
Di speaker sef followed their decision and passed Bill on Wednesday 19 May, 2021.
As you may have heard, chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (CIFIPN ) is one of the bills that have been token NO to the National Assembly.
Sadly, they had become enemies of the common ood.
God’s righteousness is a godly, unreserved kindness.
Just as the light of superior ova darkness is constant and unquestionable, the good will always prevails the bad
It is vital that we consider a few examples of what happened at the National Assembly.
Interestingly, in Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (Est ) Bill 2021 (CIFIPN ), the 9th Senate was first passed into law on 2nd of March, 2021, as it passed through the legislative processes of 1st Reading, 2nd Reading and eventual in 3rd Reading on 2nd of March, 2021, the Senate was passed into law with one voice when it was considered urgent necessary for any legislation, of kos no sauy apun without a multitude of thunderts from the detractors who would never stop in any length to see that any legislation leading to corruption was not visible but seen by Senate and Senate.
It is very important that the public recognizes that (CIFIPN ) is not just a noble bodi but a new one for Naija intended to have a long - term bridge di gap in the forensics space.
Today, I was moving to have a standard bodi that would be regulated in the practice of forensics in Naija’s peak and to challenge a few anti -goment bodi that could intend to be destroyed.
The discerning bill of the National Assembly clearly demonstrated that they were patriot and needed to strengthen national efforts against corruption, which had become a dangerous obstacle in everywhere aspects of nationality.
Two Chambers of the National Assembly — historic and symbolic — take place at a time in Nigeria where legislation is needed.
that will provide a beta drive on his anti - corruption drive as the spate of criminals and corrupt passers are raised around the globe.
As we all know, crime has grown to an anonymous level as science and technology have improved in the 21st century.
Therefore, as much as bill and apun were in the beta time, as much as we have flexible and responsive legislatures that understand the world’s apun and that are being administered in harmony with the laws of Nigeria pipo.
We should also conclude that the 8th National Assembly, which is part of the distinguished Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan Ph.D., CON, who is now Senate President sponsors a bill, when he was appointed Senate Leader, bikos, was an important anti - corruption leader of the admiistration.
In the best sense, during the 8th Assembly, a public hearing was made with evribodi alongside a di - chamber bill.
Thereafter, the opposite of a minority of stakeholder was led by the Institute of Chatered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN ), leading the National Assembly with regard to its significance and role in the fight against corruption.
Later, Presido had to accept a bill, but he had not accepted it before the 8th Assembly was scattered in June 2019.
On the 9th National Assembly, the distinguished Senator Abdullahi A. Yahaya, who is now Leader of the Senate, received a bill abck.
We are pressured to make clarifications so as to clean up the air on the cheap propaganda that differs from the 8th Assembly’s bills.
In addition, it is wise to mention that the newly introduced bills in both the Senate and the House of Represntative Chambers were unfailing.
As they were scrutinized, we discovered that they had just imitated the intentions and actions of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
No one of these bills was introduced to the 8th Assembly, just an hour bill.
As a result, we were first to take up a dis ( Forensic ) bill
As noted, it is urgent to establish such a great institute.
They made decisions to establish the institutes for the purpose of studying the functioning of the institutes in other jurisdictions and helping them to detection, investigation, and prosecution.
In addition to training, they realized that the awa institutes have been in service since 2009.
Over the years, and over the years, we have trained professionals to know forensic science technology, targeted at inculcatin di requisite skil them in the pragmatic areas of forensic investigation and management, to witness :
forensic analytics to eliminate misstatements, such as error or fraud ; voice recognition analysis ; fingerprint/signature analysis ; digital forensic and cyber security ; crime scene investigation ; global anti - corruption compliance and enforcement ; forensic investigation capacities, forensic report preparation, fraud risk management, corporate fraud analysis, fraud prevention, detection and investigation, etc.
You will follow me for the reason that in the world where we live today, we are conducting a normal investigation of crime, such as trying to stop it from becoming old.
As such, as a countrymen, we are determined to follow global trends and new developments that are focused on the fight against corruption.
In this way, we reasoned to establish an objective disinstitutes that were relevant to the Anti -corruption agenda of disadvantaged administration.
I had little time to discuss the evrithing that was in the bill here.
However, I don’t want you to let me mention a few steps that Bill would take, such as these :
ask for the establishment of the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals in Nigeria to develop and train professionals in their specialized fields with systematic and professional examinations and certifications that give excellent skill in science and technology for fraud detection, investigation, and detection ;
To provide a platform for training and retribution of pipo’s specialists on how they use Forensic Science and Technology tools and tools to investigate fraud in both the public and the private sectors of the di economy as they do evriwia ;
To promote high - professional standards, ethics, and etiquettes among pops, to combat fraud and corruption, and to develop a mechanism for fraud prevention, as a proactive measure against corruption generally ;
To fill an overwhelming vacuum existing before the introduction of an unified forensic science operation to help immigrants from the country to expend their scarce foreign exchange to hire foreign expatriates to carry out forensic investigations in the border of Naija ;
Developing broad - based mechanisms and training programs that involve professionals, such as Lawyers, Criminologists, Security Experts, Judicial Officers, Court Registrars, and Economists.
Discipline will enhance the effective and effective disposition of cases as it is being carried out globally ; and
To enhance the anti - fraud mechanism in Naija by provisioning a legal framework for professional development and discipline of forensic and investigative professionals in Naija, among the odas.
Di foregoing has shown that the role of disinstitutes is strategic and important.
It is also important to acknowledge that forensic science is an extensive field that involves numerous schools and requires effective and effective regulations to maintain and maintain high standards of professionalism and ethics.
Forensic auditing ; digital forensics and cybercrimes, forensic autopsy ; forensic law ; forensic accounting ; forensic nursing ; forensic pathology ; forensic engineering ; forensic psychology ; forensic DNA analysis ; forensic deontology ; forensic dentistry ; forensic archeology ; forensic graphology, forensic entomology, etc.
Accordingly, you will agree that the awa institutes have introduced unique ideas into crime detection and international best practices involving investigation.
More than myopic pipo’s bills have been covered with insight, such as narrow -mindedness and an inordinate desire to monopolize a system of jurisdiction and scope of operation.
On a lighter note, I drawn the attention of evrione to a funny scenario that is now being played, and in fact, it should be a source of reference for every beta Naija pipo.
Wen was introduced to the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill for the 8th National Assembly, di Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN ), an unnecessary duplication of the function of the institutes.
However, since the 9th National Assembly has been introduced again, and since it has been observed in overwhelmin and accelerated legislative support from two Chambers, the ICAn has realized that forensic science is a unique field of practice, and as we speak, similar Bill Kom has been brought to the House of Representatives, as they have failed in their attempts to overcome the transition of these bills.
One might ask, what adjustments have been made between now and in the past, with which the ICAN viewed that any oda institutes should not regulate the practices of forensic science?
Your answers are the same as my.
I would like to inform you that the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN ) is also part of this series.
Like ICAN counterparts, a bill was introduced to the House of Representative in the same structure as the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Certified Fraud Examiners of Nigeria Bill, which was initiated by ANAN and was promoted.
I decided to transfer all the facts to Nigeria pipo and even to the international community to an extent that some of them could be assigned to their destination.
However, these developments did not interfere with all our beliefs about the credit and the ability of the National Assembly and the presence to do what was right, so that they should not be manipulated in any way, with unnecessarydistractions, so that they should not be manipulated in any way.
ICAN was a practical and antagonist at discount bills, and we have now found reason to do so.
In the Senate, several bystanders were assigned to write wrong petitions, even target leadership, and they sounded as bleckmails.
As the Senate failed, antagonist shifted attention to the House of Representative with the same bystanders as they had just written many publications.
and again they failed.
Regarding the legislative procedure, the bills passed by the Senate required only competition by the House.
However, in the case of a CIFIPN Bill, di pipo opposed him until the truthful victory of May 19, 2021, when the House of Representatives passed the Bill establishment of the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria under Effective Regulation, Members Registration and Determination of Standard Knowledge and Skil and Qualify to Practice as Forensic and Investigative Professionals ; and Related Matters (HB. 791)
ICAN has registered its Bill in the title House of Respresentatives (REPEALING AND RE-ENACTMENT OF ICANS ACT.
Under the new Bill that ICAn introduced, a container filled with provisions for praying forensic, an establishing forensic university in Nigeria, no one could praying forensic in Nigeria, and a prison sentence for several years.
Dis wan was eager to hear strangers in a congregation.
D tin tells me that Nigeria is not a Banana Republic
Do not stand at the right level of corruption?
We have challenged the Thousand Billion House of Representatives.
It is noteworthy that when we challenge bills, it is not bad, but it is assured that the purpose of bills is to stop a presidential assent under disguise that exists similar laws.
We do not want to be deceived and misleaded.
CIFIPN and a publication that was sponsored by the Association of professional Bodies of Nigeria led by Engr.(Chief )
On May 24th, 2019, Olumuyiwa Alade made much effort to confirm that the laws that enable the ICAN have authorized him to do forensics and to exceed the CIFIPN Bill would be as if it were just being duplicated, but today the ICAN has introduced laws to include forensics into a new law.
The question is, what has changed?
Under the same law that ICAN had declared forensics, it was demanded to be reenacted.
As always, as we do not oppose a political group to introduce laws forensics, one bodi must not try to persevere.
ICAN and their cohorts are unable to interfere with the CIFIPN
So they had an union in the demsef.
They were intimidated by checks and balances, and they would not want an anonymous professional bodi to investigate the activities of the country’s economic system.
How would wan judge their own cases by demsef?
Dis a strange welwel.
Note, however, that we call on the National Assembly to bear witness to the fraud that exists from both sides of the group, hoping for the cajole of the National Assembly.
On the other hand, at the 9th Assembly, a commissary commissioned to make sure that more than Bill, Naija Pipo, his administration was prepared to fight corruption in an earthly way and that it would encourage legislation that would help them to reach a goal
We can be confident that His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari, did not hesitate to give up on Bill as soon as he entered his table
They were called Naija peipo and moved to the Forensic Profession.
It is open to every professional pipo in the area.
Di Institute has a trainig section that guides and equips you.
I thank you all, and again I am committed to uphold the standards of ethnicity as they apply worldwide, as we provide professional services, as well as a trainer that offers new ways to combat corruption and crime.
I appealed to stakeholders and to Naija pipo to support the noble course, and to ask all of us to make effort to end corruption, security problems, and opposition.
Dr (Mrs ) Enape Victoria Ayishetu, PhD, Pro -tem President, (CIFIPN ) www.cifipn.org
Air peace has tested flights with new Airplanes E195-E2
Air Peace has requested a test flight for two new Embraer 195 -E2 airplanes preparing for use.
The Daily Trust reports that two airplanes were first assigned to the 13 brands of new 195 -E2 airplanes purchased by airline for the route expansion.
A toktok pesin at the airline, Stanley Olisa, on Friday that a di airplanes empty from Lagos to Owerri, Abuja, and Port Harcourt were to be familiar on Thursday.
Olisa suggested that test flights to other destinations continue, and she added that it would take little time to start flight schedules and offer good travel experiences to her customers.
He said
Third, new E195-E2 airplanes were being introduced into circulation for reasons why they were expanding their fleets to satisfy the air travel needs of Naija Pipo.
Under test flights, it was a regulatory requirement for a regular airplane to get rid of the airplane to get rid of it.
We can recall that the Air Peace collects were assigned to two brands of new ultramordern Embraer 195 -E2 airplanes with 124 sits in January and March the following year, as they were assigned to 11 more.
Tela Maize harvest has a capacity to supply 8 tons in an hectare
Last Tuesday, at the Institute for Agricultural Research (IAR ), at Ahmadu Bello University Zaria, relevant stakeholders, as well as journalists, were invited to witness to the third harvest of Tela Maize Variety Confined Field Trials (CFT ) under the Tela Maize Research Project funded by the Africa Agricultural Technology Foundation (AATF ).
The name was derived in the maize variety TELA in Latin TUTELA, which means protection.
Displays a maize that protects against pest and draught.
Professor Rabiu Adamu, the Principal Investigator, and the scientist oda, who carried journalists round d harvest, pointed out that the idea of the project was to produce resistant and protective maizes against two major insects : stalk (stem ) borers and Fall Army Worm, as well as protection against moderate draught.
These include producing crops that are high yielding under stressed circumstances ; stresses include Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major constraints for producing, producing yielding wholes in difficult circumstances ; stresses include Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major block for producing.
If they do not control them, you may not have any yields if they cause loss of 80 per cent, as well as drought if you do not control the rain.
For the third time, a disciple has been sentenced to trial.
During the dry marriage season, we held the first trial, and Durin di rainy season, an anoda from June to November.
The third trial will be held between November and April.
Di Principal researcher acknowledged that this was what they were trying to show.
As the three CFT trials have succeeded, researchers need to test and validate them to show that the information recorded in the research facilities is performing well in the fields of farmers in various locations and environmental conditions as it starts in the rainy season of 2021.
Depending on the end of the year 2022, Naija’s farmers expected that all the dishes of hybrids were being witnessed.
Dr. Muhyideen Ayekunle, a maize breeder under the disciple - making project, said that from the last two trials, transgenic varieties that were recorded gave 17 percent advantage to one without a BT compensation, which had been infected with welfare.
In comparison with the previous, we have infested a number of trial varieties three times in order to see how effective the di BT genes are in the maize.
As a result, researchers have estimated that yields would increase by 17 percent.
Therefore, we need to analyze and prepare environmental release documents for approval.
A di dossier will be submitted to the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA ) and reviewed.
Once we receive the approval of a dish product, we can display it outside
and then we can face national performing trial.
The director general/CEO of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA ), Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, invited scientists to continue searching for an abiotic and biotic solution to deal with the challenges of farmers in the congregation.
We have tested certain types of technology that can solve problems that farmer’s face, take advantage of them and move forward.
Dr Rose Maxwell Gidado, the Country Coordinator OFAB Nigeria, touched many wheels.
Farmer yields will increase by 17 per cent, and you know that productivity and harvest are di Koko in the field.
Once you accept, you will have plenty of harvest and profit.
She acknowledged that a time in which a maize would be ready to enter the hands of the sower would increase their livelihood, money, and the price of the maize.
Manchester United defeated Aston Villa
The Manchester United was back battling Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Sunday as Bruno Fernandes, Mason Greenwood, and Edinson Cavani scored in the second half to hold on the celebration of Manchester City.
He left United in 70 points from 34 games, 10 points behind City, which had lost the chance to win the title on Saturday, and Chelsea beat them at home 2-1 on Saturday.
In the 24th minute, Bertrand Traore moved Villa with a brilliant strike entering the corner from 15 meters to some deaf denfendins, throwing a ball half a large number of times.
Fernandes was equaled in a 52 - minute prison sentence by sending a golie to Villa, Emiliano Martinez was wrongly infected with spot - sickness, dismissed a rough challenge from Douglas Luiz, whom Paul Pogba tumble.
Four minutes later, a neat shot was turned from the penalty area to the center behind Tryone Mings.
Edinson Cavani, the replaced victories of the United States, scored a goal in 87 minutes.
After the Daily Trust was removed, NCC had banned sale and mobile phone boosts
The Di Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC ) has banned sell and use GSM network boosters ( for mobile connectivity ) especially by banks, residents, and goment agencies, among other things to improve telecommunication services.
On Tuesday, the 14 - day Pre - Enfircement Notice was signed by the Director Public Affairs, Ikechukwu Adinde, a member of the Commission.
He acknowledged that the warning would take effect on Tuesday and that the NCC acknowledged that it would take action against uninstructed pipo.
Less than a month later, the Daily Trust on April 24, 2021, report stated that the Pipo, who was serving on the Sabon Gari market in Kano and other commercial areas, had to buy boosts in order to improve receptions from the local telecommunication network.
Some traders argue that service is not good as telecommunication service providers do not make much to improve the service on the basis of the profits they are making.
According to the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, many traders and their customers engage in digital and online financial transactions (data - based cashless services ) as well as in oda telecommunication - based services and have poor telephone / data services.
In the diary, the NCC stated that it was illegal to sell, install, and use the GSm booster.
As noted, the NCC acknowledges the responsibility of protecting consumers,ining the quality of service andining the technical standards of communication equipment, as provided in the provision of Section 131 (1) of the Nigerian Communications Act (NCA ) 2003.
That act could lead to a fineplus or a prison sentence, or a double ( fine plus a prison sentence ), as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it were, as it
LG polls : Protest opposition in APC
Members of the All Progressives Congress (APC ) in the province of Ogun have demonstrated against the adoption of local consensus candidates ahead of July 24’s national elections.
Top pipo for each party has announced that it is partial to adopt consensus candidates in some local congregations and to conduct direct and indirect primary votes to emmerge candidates for some.
Protesters who entered the secretariat of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ ) in the province of Ogun accused the leaders of APC in Abeokuta South LGA of imposing a candidate in post Chaiman.
Plots contained in placards containing “ We Say No To Money Bags ”
in the south of Abeokuta and
Farouk Akintunde, a member of the parti for choice and preference
Balogun Ololade, one of the party leaders who walked with the protest, suggested that Gov dapo Abiodun intervene in the issue of liberation.
Separation between the DSS and the pipo
As the DSS had taken into consideration the ethno - religious environment and threatened the harmonous coexistence of the majority of the common folk of di kontri, it was as if they had been forced to move into the deceitful areas of the country.
Questions that have been arguing about who or what petitions and groups of security agents are promptly vapored in the heated rhetorical outbust of prominent geo - ethnic agitors.
Afenifere, dake Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF).
It was clear for all of us that it was a group of pipo who had been contending to inciting, unguarding, and divisive statement and act, to set up contries against the demsef to set fire of tribal and religious discord, as the DSS had charged for one of these warnings.
Interestingly, no major suspicionaries were involved in exploitation of ethno - religious violence in some parts of the congregation, which could be classified to avoid treacherous and subversive activities that were detected by security agents.
They were convinced that the DSS knew di pipo, who was responsible only in a direction indicated by the finger.
AS Afenifere tactfully acknowledged the responsibility, but they could not reach their connections, PANDEV tactfully acknowledged the fugitive and the ACF as if they did not know who they were?
Since they were known by the DSS, they had to take action to deal with them.
IN THE NEF, they sounded as pessins that were unconfident if a pope was pressing into a deep crise, and they were well - known to be treated according to laws.
You should not be fooled to know what the DSS knew about the flag of geo - ethnic politicians in Nigeria or to understand why they all knew that the DSS knew and insisted in their cliks.
Indeed, the ethnic champion dis Pipo did not know anything better to solve problems in Nigeria than sectional enclave and chief lords oppose him or shepherds of di kontri as rulers, not leaders!
They were desperate and unscrupulous to pursue their unordinate ambitions, agitating absurdly and frequently to break Nigeria up.
Ambition -powered games intoxicated the geographical consciousness of a member of the congregation to reduce the need to excis the territorial contours of a member of the congregation with a frenzied ease of cutting a portion of the remaining crumbs of a proverbial national cake.
To put it simple, to break up or out of Nigeria as an ultimate political panacea or consolatory opportunity toward the unexpected ambition of a pipo or a group undermining the ambition of the majority of the wa-zo -bia Nigeria communists restlessly in enduring a peaceful coexistence, it is easier to do.
These governing body functioned as the major block to maintain steady unity and to live together in a peaceful and peaceful way that has been labored in Nigeria since the flag of independence.
To the extent that political camps continued to serve as ethnic champions, to the extent that they viewed Nigeria as an entitlement for their ethnic population, to be claimed or seized, and if failed, to be deconstructed and disowned as failed state.
Whenever they met, the diagram was not to prevent Nigeria from progressing and developing, unless shepherds were firmly handed, odawise was all about hecking and jostling around wit barely concealed determination to deploy the notorious Nigerian Ph.d, pull -him -down syndrome against incumbent non -indigene President.
Whether the ACF, Afenifere, Ohanaeze, PANDEV, or the Northern Elders Forum, their existence and activities will be opponed in the quest of Nigeria for unity, peace, and development.
Anoda’s unintentional indication for regional separatists is that they are all sel - styled political groups who pretend to be representatives of ethnic groups.
From his membership, he plains to see that he is composed of ex -this
On the contrary, political deficiency threatened them to compromise their desire to remain relevant to the democratic system in which elected representatives fled through registered political parties to witness the legislative and executive bodies established by the Witness constitution to dispense the good governance and the divisions of democracy.
Geo - ethnic groups in the await democratic settin continued with mischief, sabotage, blackmail, and subversions that threatened Nigeria to be ungodly, attempting to restore political relevance and influence.
That is why I have been frequesnt as a security alarm!
Witness preachers and politicians who walked through the perimeter of power witnessing doubting intentions and submining electrified bikos are beyond reasonable doubts that a congregation of interest is linked with their presumptuous activities and the criminality of kidnappers, insurgents, armed robbers, bandits, and allied terrorists is combined in order to destroy Nigeria’s sovereignty.
It is a double danger that could describe the situation of the di Buhari administration as it was necessary to handle such a formidable enemy who was carrying out an assault on national security during economic difficulties.
To that extent, there may be only two groups of politicians : doses who participate positively in the di democratic dispensation as part of the movin di kontri against all the odds and doses with negative intentions that lead to discord and disorder to disstability.
By their actions and actions, we all knew them!
At the end of the day, in majority, fo Naija pipo was a normal citizen whose circumstances for survival were not dependent on or dependent on what they had come from.
They struggle everywhere to make their lives submission to the will of one God despite their different faiths.
Loyal, prayerful, loyal, destroyed fatherlands in Nigeria, since they realized that they had no congregation or congregation countryside, they showed how citizenship could spread true patriotism.
They also realize that Afenifere, Buhari Consultative Forum (ACF ), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF ) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF ) have used inciting, unguarded, and divisive statements and activities to incite citizens against an an anode so as to set fire for tribal and religious problems in political ambitions of their leaders.
Prayer remains in the mouths of the poor :
DEY,
NIGERIA GO BETTER!
Manzo Reuben, a youth leader in Lokoja
10 killed as a terrorist attempt to attack army formations
Sadly, there were no less than 10 Boko Haram terrorists who were attacking the troops of the Operation Hadin Kai in Rann, headquarters of Kala Balge Local Goment Area in the borno state.
Consider the example of the newly appointed Chief of Army Staff, Maj.-Gen, who served for more than 24 hours.
Farouk Yahaya served as a leader of the Nigerian Army.
Di toktok manfor di Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen.
In a statement available, Mohammed Yerima explained that a massive terrorist carried a gun trucks on the ground and tried to infiltrate the main entrance of the town.
Yerima said that the troops of high - spirit were right on hand to resist and carry humiliat defeat to terrorists who had abandoned their evil missionaries and fled.
Di troops were chased as terrorists and kept safe from threats in the city and in the city of Pipo.
A truck was successfully destroyed by troops and a large number of weapons, including an anti - aircraft weapons, two machine weapons, and eight AK-47 rifflers, as ten terrorists were neutralized in the process.
The Daily Trust reports that Chief of Defence Staff, Gen. Lucky Irabor, on Friday charged a new COAS to build on a legacy of late Attahiru as he defeated enemy of terror in Northesat and the region of oda in di kontri.
Second U.S. Congesswoman has tested positively to have COVID-19 afta di Capitol problems
Pramila Jayapal, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, contacted Coronavirus (COVID-19) and was locked in a room alongside Republican lawmates who had not been wearing a mask at the Capitol last week.
I just collected a COVID-19 test of positive afta and locked me in a secure room in Capitol with a large number of Republicans who were not wicked not to wear masks but to have colleagues and staff offering masks recklessly, Jayapal posted in a post on her official Twitter account.
Earlier on Monday, U.S. Congresswoman Bonnie Watson Coleman acknowledged that she had signed COVID-19 with possible exposure durin while being locked in the di Capitol in Jan.
Jayapal, a member of the Republican Partie, accused lawmakers of having caused the COVID-19 to spread the welfare and to punish them.
Any member who refuses to wear a mask must be accountable for putting his life in danger of being a fugitive or an idiot.
I call to each member who refused to wear a mask in the Capitol, asking them to be beautiful and to be removed from the floor by Sergeant of Arms, as she wrote on a post on Twitter.
It was not clear if two Congesswomen were locked in a single room in the city of Capitol.
U.S. Presido Donald Trump failed to contain a COVID-19 pandemic inside the U.S.
A 30 - year - old man has been kidnapped as an assault in Edo
A prisoner named Gabriel Fidelis, who was 30 years old, had been sentenced to the head of the Magistrates in Benin by alleging that he had been assaulted by a woman named Rebecca Izevbigie.
He was accused of three charges, such as conspiracy, unlaful assault, and malicious damages under sections 516, 355, and 451 of the criminal code.
In the case of a prosecutor, Sgt. Kehinde Iyare, a fugitive was accused of being involved in an offense on April 11, at Estate Quarters along Benin -Agbor Road, in Benin City.
She added to the court that she was accused of fugitive rebecca Izevbigie unlawfully by hitting and bitting.
Additionally, she was accused of using a rod of iron to break her feet.
She added that on March 31, 2021, N8,000 were accused of intentional and malicious washing the hands of a complainant’s basin.
She applied idahosaapply for her bail and acknowledged that she was not guilty.
Consequently, Chief Magistrate Mutairu Oare granted a bail for an accusation in the sum of N100,000 with a petition.
He acknowledged that Di Pesin had to carry two recent passport photos of her mother - in - law.
He ordered a legal registrar to enter an information supplied and to serve where the surety existed, and he was sentenced to a legal case until May 10.
Why does the National Assembly not allow the Senator to be sentenced to Oyo
A Senator in the Oyo North Senatorial District in Fatai Buhari has been present at the National Assembly and has found reasons to arrest President Muhammadu Buhari.
A Senator acknowledged a paid visit to the former govnor in the state of Oyo, Rashidi Ladoja, accusing him of being sentenced to death as president.
Senator Buhari’s submission was one day offset by Senator Yusuf Abubakar (APC Taraba ) and Cahir at the Senate Committee on a special duty token for repentant president Buhari’s insecurity in di kontri.
Pipo had invited President Buhari to be resigned or to be imprisoned as an uncertain contrior.
However, Senator Buhari had instructed d. pipo, who wanted to break the congregation, not to create difficulties that would be difficult to solve.
Impeach president was sentenced to death.
An appointed president should give reasonable reasons to make such a decision.
We saw a reassignator in the presidential office.
If needed, we would table, discuss it, and in two houses we had to get Togeda.
To impeach the president was not the only thing a petition was to get up just one day and get into the token.
He had a procedure.
Why are you unable to solve problems and confusions?
So he asked
The lawmaker acknowledged : “ There is no more anoda than Nigeria. ”
Within a few months, a family member of the congregation was arrested.
Make an effort to maintain our inner security
Let us play our part ; let us never give everything alone to the governments.
We had to place a local police station to identify all the locations.
Whatever the case, we knew each oda.
In the early 80 ’ s, we traveled for nite.
However, at an actual level of insecurity, something fundamental is missing.
He said that the 9th National Assembly had discussed security more than 59 times.
The 8th Assembly discussed security issues more than 30 times, and the 9th Assembly discussed them more than 50 times.
An evribodi should be a vigilant, even if he changes the head of the service repeatedly, not to solve security problems, as told by the Senator.
Ranchers have supported the restriction made by CBN on the import of dairy
The Commercial Ranchers Association of Nigeria (CODARAN ) has demonstrated support for restrictions made to foreign exchanges for dairy products.
Recall that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circulation for over a year on foreign exchange limits for the import of milk and dairy products.
During a recent visit to DiCBN, the director - General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO ), Dr. Ngozi Okonjo -Iweala, acknowledged that the European Union (EU ) had complied against Nigeria ova’s restriction.
In a statement from Dianabasi Akpainyang, CORAN, that Nigeria has a potential for producing harvest dairy products to provide employment and investing in local production of milk.
Di CBN governor is corrected.
Indeed, it has potential to endure and maintain di dairy requirements.
Akpainyang acknowledged that the collection and processing of milk was not closer to that figure, but he noted that because it was likely, it was necessary for evribodi to set foot in fire to seek urgent development of the local dairy sector.
She quoted a CBN report stating that Nigeria spends $1.5 billion a year on importing dairy products, suggesting that the demand for dairy products grows.
These include the low productivity of local cows, cow nutritiousness, animal disease management systems, the lack of organized milk systems, the lack of financial resources, insecurity, poor infrastructures, insufficient extension services, inadequate processing and storage facilities, low investment in research and development and the lack of modern - day technology.
However, he acknowledged that the advancing Local Dairy Development in Nigeria (ALDDN ) program in the four states of Adamawa, Kaduna, Kano, and Plateau has been addressing problems.
PDP was frown as APC claimed to have registered 2.5m in Lagos.
Uproar was following the release of the All Progressives Congress (APC ) that included 2.5m members of the Lagos nationality and the revalidation exercise.
Challengers of the APC Registration Supervisory Committee in Lagos Dr. Muhammad Bashiru wrote a recommendation letter to the overseer that about 2.5 million people have been registered in 20 local governments in the state.
However, the leading opposition party in the People Democractic Parti (PDP ) has described figuratives as false and false.
PDP acknowledges that APC has a habit of cooking figuratives that convinces that they are popular.
Di toktok pesin in PDP, Taofik Gani, in a chat with the Daily Trust, was described as di APC as a partia full of liars who claimed that it was partial in the state.
It was not the first time that we were carrying figuratives that were not genuine.
Even during the final elections, the total number of candidates in APC was about 600,000.
He acknowledged that their 2,5 million dollars were false and false.
Our correspondent report reports that the APC candidate Babajide Sanwo-Olu defeated the governor’s elections in 2019 with 739,445 voices while President Muhammadu Buhari had 580,825 voices in the presidential election.
The state chairman of the National Conscience Parti (NCP ), Comrade Bayo Ogunleye, has described a false accusation by di APC, the greatest in centuries.
But di toktok pesin in APC Seye Oladejo told the correspondent that the party would prove that they had a nomba in the local goment elections that were coming on July 24.
FG decreed that Geographical Indication would promote diversification of the economic system
Di Federal Goment stressed that Geographical Indications ( GIs ) will promote the diversification of the di economy as well as the participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area.
Ministry of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono, posted this information in a di capacity building workshop on GIs in the public sector /policymakers in Nigeria in Abuja.
Nanono, represented by the Deputy Director of Irrigation and Crop Development, Hajia Sugra Mahmood, notes that initiative will support the preservation of the di biodiversity of di kontri that is facing existencial threats as a result of climate change and environmental destruction.
As he said, he could assist in commercializing food and culture and empower actors in the precious chain to benefit from commercialization, especially rural women and youths who are primarily involved in producing di products.
Therefore, dis workshops take place in critical times when disadvantaged authorities work tirelessly to diversify di economy away from hydrocabons by oda sections such as farming, manufacturing, and mining tourism.
Initiatives that promote GIs will help to follow the process in the diversification of the di economy as well as to support the participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area and around the globe.
Gis may be expensive to revive the rural economic system as it has been found in an apun case in a case of customary products such as Ofada rice, kilishi, Dudu Osun, etc.
Moreover, he would be disappointed when we were loosing at a time when he was disappointed by the knowledge of the indigenous.
All relevant di stakeholder, both local and foreign, struggle to preserve natural and bio - cultural endowments in di kontri amd, and use them to strengthen the resilience of di economy, as it were, as it were, as it were, to provide a decent livelyhood in all Nigeria pipo.
Earlier, the minister for Satte Industry, Trade and Investment, Haija Mariam Katagum, wrote in her welcomed address that a workshop was designed for special training for the sectors and policy makers in Nigeria, considering the adoption of Geographical Indication ( Gis ) legislation and policy in the landscape of industrial property and agriculture in Nigeria.
She acknowledged that the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA ) was coming into effect and that it was responsible for making decisions regarding the modernization of the legislation on material possessions.
The president of Israel holds a token for a new govt
The president of Israel Reuven Rivlin has prepared to get a wit on the top of politics on how it was formed by the afta caretaker, Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who refused to hold his final elections.
According to the Rivlins office, Talks Witnesses Naftali Bennett of di Yamina and former opposition leader Yair Lapid of di Yesh Atid (Future ) are scheduled for Wednesday morning.
In the headquarters of the State, they also invited representatives from the party representatives of the Parliament to present positions on the progress of the process of forming governments.
Natanyahu, who was right - wingered, was appointed to form a government coalition.
That would mean that in the opponent camp of pipo to Netanyahu there was an opportunity to end his 71-year - old age as heavens in goment.
Whether they are successful, however, it is still open.
As the Israelites are facing political crisis, there are no new elections.
In time, Netanyahu would remain head of the interim goment.
He has been in the office for 12 years continously, the longest servant head of goment in Israel’s history.
He had been sentenced to trial for corruption and had rejected all accusations.
Rilvin was expected to appoint opposition leader Lapid to be head of the di goment.
He served as a political center ; at the end of the match, he had bikomed at the second - most powerful force in two years before the parliamentary elections.
Rivlin could also assign him to the Knesset.
In such cases, each member of the parliament may try to find the support of 61 of 120 members with 21 days.
Ganduje released 123 prisoners in eid -el - Fitri
Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano has granted freedom to 123 prisons inmates throughout the state.
On Thursday, Ganduje, who was released from the Goron Dutse Prison, said that gestures were part of the Eid -El Fitr celebration.
In addition to the massive offense they had committed and the sign of reformation they had been sentenced to prison, they had selected a pipo.
Di governor tokened that he decided to show a prison sentence to his immigrants that they knew that they existed and were viewed as citizens of the state.
Ganduje acknowledged a gesture as a complimentation for the effort of the Federal Goment to continue reducing the prison sentence
He urged immigrants to change their attitude and to pray for peace and stability in Nigeria.
The governor also granted 5,000 to each of the immigrants who had the freedom to move to their destination.
Earlier, a prison comptroller in Kano, Suleiman Suleiman, thanked a governor for the release of thousands of immates since he entered the office.
Suleiman, an immigrant advise, was sentenced to refuge in prison.
Ganduje visited home remanders and children in Kano as part of his wrong celebration.
Korda breaks through the Parma clay
On a career break in Roland Garos, Sebastian Korda, 20 years old, defeated Marco Cecchinato 6-2, 6-4, in Parma’s first title.
Korda, the son of the former world
No 2 and Australian Open Winner Petr Korda, who had never entered the ATP tour final before attending the Parma event, had never won consecutive matches on the clay.
Cecchinato, who won his three victories, came from Brescia, 90 kilometers from Parma.
For the first time, local youths who had been allowed to participate in the event were supported by local youths.
Today, I played a hard opponent, such as Korda tok.
They kept cheering on him, but I was proud of mysef.
and how I dealt with it.
His father, Sebastian Korda, who was born in Florida, decided to represent the United States.
In victory, he was the first player from America to win a clay court tournament since Sam Querrey in Belgrade was 11 years old.
Similarly, Korda tactfully added that she had hoped to win the title soon at a Florida event in January.
I really wanted to do this at Delray Beach, and it broke my heart a bit.
Public clothing : Negatin Nigeria’s multiculturalism
By Bashir Ibrahim Hassan
She was a pure coincidence that, as the trouble smelled in the state of Kwara recently, was considered a solution to her in the lower House at the National Assembly in the capital territory of Abuja?
DISCUSS in Ilorin resulted in a decision that some Christian religious schools refused to allow Muslim students to wear hijab comm school.
The issue of this prejudice is discussed on the issue of Religious Discrimination ( Prohibition, Prevention )
RDPP Bill, 2021, as ridiculed in a section of the media in Nigeria.
These two events are sparked arguments and emotional debates that threaten to negate the multicultural identity and reality of Nigeria, at the bottom of the evritin.
Over the years, the Kwara of di proprietor of the school was banned from sympathizing students who were dressed with hijabs to be reduced to unclean treasures.
Anoda was mostly related to the Bill of RDPP before the House of Representatives was subjected to humility and opposition
Women in Nigeria face public bikos of clothing.
Clearly, there was a clear breach of fundamental human rights among the students of the Christian congregation to express their faith without discrimination, even though they could have such a defense or position at school.
Di latter tried to defend his rights, not only against the Muslims but also against Christians who were threatened or threatened with discrimination by bitterness and hypocrisy.
To escape the argument of proprietor of Christian religious schools in Kwara, it was easy to understand the pragmatic appeal that argued that the children of the Muslim had to go to school if they did not conform to it.
There are many trials that arise.
First, it is very small to promote inclusiveness, which is a bedrock of awa multicultural and multicultural society.
Secondly, di position asks moral questions : Can we justify establishment of Christian sovereignty over the majority of Christians?
Then, in the third, di arguments o to others appear that he has ignored the challenges of a child’s changing school.
There are many inconveniences.
As they change school for their children, the teacher of educational psychology tells you that he interferes negatively not only with emotional but also with academic development.
Finally, ghettorization was threatened by concentration students with similar religious beliefs in private schools.
The social cost of disobedience is the social cost of plebty.
Under a press release, the Commissioner for Education, Kemi Adeosun, arguments that Di goment was convinced that the decision to allow Muslim schoolgirls to wear their hijab in public schools would lead to a sustainable peace and a communal harmony built on mutual respect and understanding.
In an entity that guarantees the freedom of religion, signed in the declaration of international Human Rights, there are basic questions to ask : How is it justifiable for children in the province of Nigeria to have access to school choices based on their own religion?
Big issue is the signatory to the Universal Declaration on Human Rights (UDHR ).
UDHR insists that all humans are free and equal regardless of their race, religion, or religion.
It contains 30 articles on justice and freedom, including di rif=ght to life, freedom of speech, and privacy.
It includes economic, social, and cultural rights, such as health and education.
I saw the articles 18 and 26 of UDHR that were very relevant to the issue in consideration and quoted the following :
Evribodians have freedom of thinking or of beliefs, including religious beliefs.
We have the right to change our beliefs or religion at all times, and we have the right to practice our religion privately alone or with our partner.
Christian congregation should be entitled to education.
Primary school should be free.
We should be able to continue our study hours as long as we wish.
At school, they should help us to develop our attitude and to teach us how to respect the human rights of the earthly world.
They should also teach us how to deal with opposition from ethnicity, religion, or ethnicity.
Our parents have the right to choose what kind of school to attend.
Like Ilhan Omar, a member of the House of Representatives in the U.S. wear Hijab without discrimination or discrimination.
Illhan Abdullahi Omarna, a politician serving at the U.S Representative of the 5th congregation in the district of Minnesota since 2019.
Deputy Chairman of the House of Representative Committee on financial issues represented by the Bida/Gbako/Katcha Federal constituency of Niger.
Saidu Musa Abdullahi.
Di Bill is involved in addressing discriminatory conduct, as well as in prohibiting discrimination on religious matters when it comes to employment and conditions that apply to him.
He would stop qualifications and proffesional joinbodi, educational institutions, employment departments, and the branches of discrimination against individuals, students, or personality based on religion or manifestation.
When passed, law would bury matters, such as what we saw in Kwara for good ; when passed, law would bury matters, such as what we saw in Kwara patapata.
He will also address the bigot behavior of executioners who are taking prejudice into the public office and allow it to be covered with judgment wisdom.
They Should Be welcomed by Law.
After all, it was only to expand and expatiate the provisions found in the di Nigeria constitution and in UDHR documents, as noted above.
He adhered to similar laws that were adopted in Di kontri to fight harmful social and cultural practices under the Mosaic Prohibition of Violence and Disability ( VAPP ).
As disadvantaged people struggle to overcome discrimination against disadvantaged ones, VAPP faces domestic violence and homosexual violence in the congregation.
For one thing, pipo representatives of us in the legislative chamber have used legal instruments to cope with the challenges of social conflict.
Nonetheless, they had to use evritin togeda so that they would not be allowed to see the end.
Since UDHR is still a distant road and an enforcement instrument, the laws of RDPP and the laws of oda are on the basis of punishment for offenders.
In contrast with critical principles, as far as the RDPP Bill applies, it does not prove to be wicked to put the state of religion on any domesticated state.
It would not be opposed to Section 10 of the Constitution in Nigeria that promotes that Di Goment of the Federation or of the State could not adopt any religion as a State Religion.
To push the argument, bikos di bill appealed to the general public to show respect for the rights of immigrant immigrants who were wearing Hijab in public territory, such as sexual immorality.
In his final analysis, he opposes the multicultural pretension to deny any Nigerian homosexuality or ethnic freedom.
He opposes equality and basic human rights as included in the constitution in Nigeria and under the Universal Declaration of Human Rghts.
Bill, such as the RDPP bill, would have a welcom nod.
It was written from Abuja Bashir.
President of Niger Issoufou defeated the African leadership prize of N1.95bn
Mahamadou Issoufou, President of Niger, has been announced to be the winner of $5m (N1.905bn ) in 2020
Abraham received an African leadership prize.
Issoufou has served as president for two five - year terms between 2011 and 2020.
Mohamed Bazoum, former minister of the Interior, arrived at the office of the Afta as he won the presidential election last month
Under the leadership of a di - prize committee, the president of Niger afta met the world’s lowest economic system.
He showed a positive dedication to regional stability and constitution, as well as to Africa’s champion democracy.
Issoufou was a candidate for the six pesins of the Ibrahim Prize.
He has posted a tweet that honors the evribodi in Nigeria.
I saw a disregard as an ecncouragement to continue to promote the value and value of the democracy, not only in Niger but also in Africa and around the globe.
Pipoes who had previously won the prize include Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia (2017), President Hifikepunye Pohamba of Namibia (2014), President Pedro Pires of Cabo Verde (2011), President Festus Mogae of Botswana (2008) and President Joaquim Chissano of Mozambique (2007).
KEDCO has a taskforce with a collective enforce and a modest taskforce
Di pipo, who operates Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO ), has formed a taskforce to pay for electricity.
Inside a staement made by the head of Corporate Communication, KEDCO, Ibrahim Sani Shawai, the taskforce has been empowered to make sure that all the facts have been collected and that the KEDCO has now been used to consolate on a series of reforms to improve the power supply.
The taskforce also examines the issue of bypass of meters, illegal connections, tif tif of energy, and sabotages.
In such circumstances, any who find themselves being abusive in any way or in any way would be treated according to laws.
We appeal to wait for their customers to observe all the hours of intallation and to protect them against vandals.
We assure all awaiting customers that they are waiting for an initiative to offer a meter that we have tasted for estimated billings and to give customers the opportunity to pay for what they use continuously, as stated in a statement.
IBEDC has supplied a pipo that is sold under the powerline
The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC ) has issued a warning against selling markets under high - tension wires to avoid badness.
John Ayodele, the Chief Operating Officer (COO ) of Engr, charged him against the backdrop of the increasing traditions of high - tension wire.
In Oshogbo, the capital of the state of Osun, mechanical shops, blocks, car wash shops, POS shops, and small smaller traditions are common under high - tension wires along the Power Line and Ring roads.
Engr Ayodele had asked residents to take important security precautions and counsel to sell under high - tension wires to move to a safe place.
He also asked residents not to call opponents who do not know how to repair the light, and he assured them that the technical crew at IBEDC would be available to rectify any mistakes that may occur.
He cautiously stated that if a member of the IBEDC had been dismissed, a fugitive asked that the IBEDC would explore all legal options available to seek refreshment if a member of the IBEDC had been dismissed.
He adds : “ It is also important to take care of the precautions of safety, such as the vigilance of an important child, to avoid electric accidents.
10 newborn children died in a fire in a hospital in India
On Saturday, ten new children were killed in a fire at a state hospital fleeing in western Idia, as the officials arrested.
On Saturday early, 17 new children were assigned to the Bhandara District General Hospital in Maharashtra.
Maharashtra’s health minister Rajesh Tope told reporters that seven new daughters were killed in smoking and three were killed in bikos fire.
Nurses and ward staff rescued seven babies.
A newborn age ranges from a few days to three months, as told by Prashant Uike, a health district official in Bhandara’s token.
Di goment had ordered them to be investigated in an incident and to conduct a security audit in an entity caring for new pkini in the congregation.
Initial reports indicate that a fire could have applied bkos of one of the short circuits in one of the incubators, as Tope did.
As the ministry added, a large number of black smokes quickly filled a ward.
They had dismissed the legal requirements of the post -mortem, and they had brought their children bodi to their family, as Tope did.
Families of the victims receive a compensation of 500,000 rupees ( up to $ 6,814 ) each family.
The police have thrown up a pipe selling a newspaper bikos report on the IPOB
The police have harassed a newspaer and a read pipo in the Abia State.
The Daily Trust reports that since weekend, Aba Area Command has been arresting a pipe selling a newspaper and a pipe reading a concert report on Indigenous Pipo of Biafra (IPOB ).
A resident acknowledged a terrorist attack on the commercial city of Ama -Ogbonna Junction on Sunday.
A fugitive accused residents of fleeing to the security of a police officer while trying to arrest a pipe who selled a newspaper and read it.
Di pipo was accused of selling a di tori newspaper containing a sit -at -home order from Indigenous Pipo of Biafra (IPOB ).
Dr. Elendu Ukoh, who was in the case of apun, asked the state goment and the igbo leaders to call the police authorities to call them in order to avoid any disturbances in the city.
As a police officer, I wondered that we wanted anything good to do from the bus.
How would a petitioner pursue a newspapper named Aba in the world of mordrn?
If you stop copying a copy of a newspaper from reading it hard, would you also stop them from reading the same tori on Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, Telegram, and oda pipo?
What kind of old police style is there?
On Sundays, shooting and shooting caused panic.
Through the neighborhood, kidnappers were being chasing.
Later, they discovered that a vendor and a reader named Pipo had been arrested.
How would the police follow a pipe who sold a newspaper battle?
What type of material may cost more than just 20 years in social media?
He acknowledged : Dis pipo was not normal.
Anonymous resident Micheal Anorue acknowledged that almost all di pipo sell the newspaper she visited in Aba
They are empty on Tuesday.
He adds : “ We heard a bully on Saturday and Sunday with a tori related to a sit -at -hom order that was honored in the case of Biafra, and my question was, what was wrong with him?
Earlier political leaders in South East reminded discrete officers that Biafra was superior to the IPOB.
Is that of being proscribed to the IPOB also a significance of being proscribed to Biafra?
All of us were Biafra pipo.
On May 30th, the World Igbo Congress (WIC ) held a Zoom conversation with a helper who fell in Biafra.
Why do the authorities not access the media on Youtube, Zoom, and oda?
They had to walk on the street and make unnecessary troubles.
I wish that the leader of the city of Igboland would warn disregarded police officers not to allow the apun entering the Imo State to enter the evribodium, and the bikos would worst.
SP Geoffrey Ogbonna, the Abia State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO, ), denounced the police to arrest a pipe that sells a newspaper and read it.
NAMA faces air traffic controller lamenting scarce tools
Air Traffic Controllers (ATC)) in Nigeria on Sunday sang concerned about dilapitated navigational equipment found in most airports in the di kontri.
Under the ATCs of the National Air Traffic Controllers Association (NATCA ), a situation threatened to air security.
They also claimed that the airport in Kaduna had a controlled tower that could help airplanes to navigate safely.
Yomi Agoro, president of NATCA or a news chat in the weekend, said that the airport was a watchroom used by the aviation staff, not an air traffic controltor.
He also acknowledged that the airport in di kontri had no necessary navigation equipment.
He explained that at some airports there was no functioning equipment.
Even Kaduna had no control tower.
The deymen had been used as a watchroom ( for firefighters ), and we had called goments to do something.
In Sokoto, when the Flood came, the controller had to sit with Umbrella in a di - control tower, and what was apun, some of the di - control tower had been assigned to a di terminal building to FAAN while one alone standing with NAMA, but we had joined two organizations in the token.
We also shared in the Terrestial radio frequency battle, communication, and social media.
There is no airport in Calabar, where you can get to work up to 80 per cent.
NAMA has recently employed and trained 40 new controllers, but NATCA says that di nomba is too low to deal with shortcomings.
However, at the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA ), Capt Fola Akinkuotu, the Daily Trust said that the claim was not true.
He acknowledged that the federal goment had made huge investments to improve navigational aids and to improve flight operations.
He acknowledged that it was a simple political issue.
Goment had spent a lot and a lot to improve the aviation infrastructure.
I was not simply thinking that I was a MD in NAMA.
If you were to hear your true tory, my suggestion was, ask a street pipe, ask a NAMA pipe, and they would tell you, as they were under the disadvantaged administration.
It was sad to think that it would be like a dish.
We neva any Category Three (CAT3), dis goment has placed two on the ground, and anoda two are still coming.
Goment has spent N1.7bn on mobile control tower.
Also, the revitalization of di safe tower sef is ongoing.
TRACON (Total Radar Coverage of Nigeria ) system is being restored.
Oda sectors are jealous of us.
E -commerce in Nigeria : Legal framework, challenges, and prospect
E -commerce is referring to the use of communication technology, especially on the Internet, to buy, sell, and sell goods and services to customers.
On the Internet, fundamental shifts have been made available to economic locations nearby to cross - border trade and investment, distances, times, and languages that differ from national goment regulations.
E -commerce fosters access to nearby markets and promotes globalization and commercial activities as well as distinctions between domestic and foreign enterprises to extent that it cannot get to know what is produced from it.
E -commerce is limited only to purchasing goods, including e - mails, plus oda communication platforms, information and services that are available on the net, from pre - purchase information to aftasale service and support.
Most important aspect of his commercial system is that he encourages a single - world tradin system that is available through electronic means to obtain goods and services from all over the world.
Most di statues on the ground in nigeria are behind the development and growth of e -commerce, including the entire ICT.
Many legal research and study projects have been conducted in Nigeria.
A number of studies have suggested that the legal system in Nigeria is behind the regulations related to ICT and that the legal laws that are under regulation are not appropriate to address legal matters related to e -commerce.
These articles include electronic records of cybercrimes, security and data production, e - payment systems, and inevitably transborder issues, as well as numerous audits.
Therefore, it is necessary to introduce appropriate legal and regulatory measures to govern a newly changing system.
They have repeatedly suggested that an important effort to regulate e -commerce - related activities remains on the stage of Sraft Bill prior to the National Assembly.
It is important to bear in mind that it is possible for Nigeria to face new legal issues in its territory that will be called for legislative intervention.
Witnesses who are using the Internet speed work on the commercial transactions in Nigeria, especially in the banking and communication sector of di economy, most likely suggest that legal issues and problems that are facing electronic commerce present in the congregation should be addressed directly and espeditiously in the interests of the di teeming population of Nigeria’s customers.
To that, they had to pressure the National Assembly to overcome bills concerning electronic commerce as a priority so that they could be enacted to laws as soon as possible.
For a period of time, the courts had to take decisive steps to interpret traditional laws found in a liberal way to cut the gap in order to amend laws to electronic transactions, in the modern - day trend of discerning age.
Indeed, they argue that legal regulations are not only legal means for electronic transactions and for attendant documentation.
Di court can also adapt to recognition electronic transactions in the absence of legal or private transactions.
As previously stated by the Justice Bungham, judges in the same facility as law merchants can adapt to the needs of the general public, principles are not changed, but old rules are changed, and new rules will come into existence.
It is hoped that there will be a disregard for the activities of the Nigerian judges, including those of the Supreme Court, in an expexial territory where existing laws are grossly inadequate, comprehensive, or elaborate enough to deal with legal challenges in the new technological advancement.
Disneys set a fine precedence to protect e -commerce consumers, bring investors and economic developments and stability in their territory.
E -commerce is a documentation and a signature.
Provision is provided in section 4 of di statute of Fraud, 1677 or Lagos State Law Reform (Contract ) Law, and it includes statements on real possessions and landed instruments, all of which require signing and executing certain contracts.
Now the question is, does electronic sign-off represent valid sign-off contracts by electronic means or by binding means?
Many disagreements had not yet been settled in the United Kingdom, although decisions favored the interpretation of electronic signatures
Therefore, marks in an e - mail that satisfies traditional requirements of writing and execution.
E -commerce transactions are non - paper transactions that are made through magnetic materials, such as tapes or disks.
These are contrasting transactions that are made in paper, embodied in permanent form and typically expressed in signature - authenticated words and figures.
Such transactions cannot be altered without a list of documents.
Regarding signature in the provision in in inide section 93 (2)(3 ) of the document of 2011, electronic signature that relates to a datational message will conveniently satisfy all signature requirements as long as it is sufficient to identify an electronic record for a member.
The provision in article 7 of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL ) model law for e -commerce in 1996 was equally trited.
Thus, for the purpose of establishing proofs of electronic signatures.
Use of passages, identifications, usernames, etc.
Hence, an electronic signature for execution is acceptable under certifying and incorporated into electronic communications during any e - transaction.
Also, legal challenges that affect e -commerce include di formation of Contracts.
A legal relationship includes offers, acceptance, consideration, and intention.
The question is, at what point could a vow offer to an electronic commercial transaction or now a distinction between an invitation to deal with and an electronic transaction offer, at what point could a vow offer to enter into a legal relationship?
E -commerce requires confidence and trust in satisfaction that produces orders and invoices and differs from whoever appears to be offspring.
A guarantee is required at the level of privacy / confidenciality.
Finally, the alarming rate of cybercrime in Nigeria, along with high standards of illiterate, was reduced.
Clearly, electronic transactions have been an aspect of commercial transactions in Nigeria.
Di goments should be more involved than making laws, activating them as they use electronic platforms for commercial interactivity and delivery of goment service.
online contact with Abanikanda Happiness Wuraola
Deby son’s president, Chad passed new charts
Despite rumors on social media, Chad had passed the charter declared president by Mahamat Idris Deby.
Mahamat had taken over to replace her father, Idriss, who had been killed in the past week.
According to charter, the 37 - year - old son of a late war veteran, the transitional leader prompted on Tuesday after the death of his father, head of a military council, to serve as president of the Republic and head of the armed forces.
The preceding constitution was repeated in charter, and it would be fulfilled according to the basic laws of the republic.
Young Deby has also been appointed to be the chief officer of the armed forces.
Deby son had oversawed the security of his father while he was head of the elite presidential guard and often walked with his father’s witnesses.
Mahamat Deby was well - known as a commander of forces in the province of Chad, assisting the United Nation’s peacekeeping mission in the restive north of neighboring Mali.
On Tuesday, a decree was signed by a military council with 15 generals, including immsef and 14 odas, who were loyal to late presidents.
Di council was assigned to take sides in free and democratic elections with a period of 18 months.
Mahamat Idris Deby served as chairman at the military transition council, at the council of ministers, at the council of superior committees of national defense.
A new head of state will declare the laws adopted by 69 members of the National Transition Council, named Mahamat.
The Transition Charter, which contains 95 articles, also guarantees freedom of opinion, conscience, and worship.
Transition goment, appointed as a new president, has been appointed.
According to the charter, all invited members of the army have been released from all military activities.
Law in Chad
During his 30th - century reign, a powerful Witness gave him a visit to the battlefield where the Chad soldiers were fighting rebel groups in the north, as a military announcement announced on Tuesday.
On a quiet call, the military also announced a 6pm curfew and closed a border in di kontri, suspended the constitution and dissolved the National Assembly.
However, an opposition politician in the chad had rejected the appointment of president Idris’s deby’s son to overcome his father’s death.
According to researchers, a speaker of the parliament was supposed to have violated Deby’s death, not his son.
According to the constitution, a member of the Parliament would be charged with a 40 - day di kontri and thus be placed into transition until the elections were held, Hiba Morgan in Al Jazeera reports from the capital Ndjamena tok on ealy Tuesday.
[But ] in the military announced that the legislative assemblies were dissolved and that the constitutions were dissolved, so they replied that the constitutions were replaced by their own set of rules.
Leicester could be removed from Chelsea points
According to Mirror’s report, Chelsea was facing deduction points from the FA di team.
Inside seven years, they had been captured by a team showing warmer to opponents seven times.
In a recent brawl in a match on Tuesday night, Leicester marked seven encounts with Chelsea wit Premier League Teams.
The last week’s match between Chelsea and Leicester was a mark of disaster.
Faithful Witnesses of the same kind of offense in the past decided to punish Chelsea.
Leicester sefels face charges for their role in a brawl involving players and coaches as Ricardo Pereira challenged Ben Chilwell.
In 2016, Chelsea was also charged in an indiscipline warning against $ 375,000 fine in a bust - up match against Tottenham.
If they are affected by that, they are going to get to the top four of the final campaign, and they are going to get to the top four.
US Africom in Nigeria?
Overwhelmed, overwhelmed, and overwhelmed.
It was a resentful and contemptuous opinion for thousands of American GIs stationed in Britain’s military bases during World War II.
Comed from America, the gum -chewing, brash, hard - drunking, and womanising soldiers often engaged in dangerous battle and battle with knife battle among the locals.
For example, a hundredth - century U.S. military base oversawed from Okinawa in Japan, Stuttgart in Germany, Incirlik and Diyarbakir in Turkey, and Pampanga in the Philippines.
That is why I am upset, like many Nigeria pipo, that the secretary of State of the United States, Antony Blinken, that the president Buhari asked the United States to consider relocating the African Command (Africom ) of his military in Stuttgart in the southern German city of presently Coming Africa.
We were talking with wit dis kin, president Buhari making the way for Africa to host Africom.
First, it was a breach of the Protocol for President Buhari to witness to the meeting of the American Secretary of State.
I was to bear witness to Blinken’s Nigerian opposite Geoffrey Onyeama, who later was to bear witness to the president.
Yes, the United States is a superpower and all, but it is a standard that should be followed strictly in everlasting circumstances.
We understood that the Nigeria faced an intense security challenge that seemed to be overwhelmed by massive efforts and national security establishments.
Terrorist insurgencies in the North East banditry, kidnappings in North West, farmers / herders clashed all overwhelmed by contries, and security and law enforcement staffs and oda Nigeria pipo and the destruction of the institutional building in South East were part of a cocktail of uncertainty that was being ravaged in contries.
Still, I was invited to host Africom on the top of Nigeria siol when we considered it difficult to justify me against various issues and implications of displacement.
Africom, an amng nine of the United States Military Commands, serves the international strategic interests of the United States.
Under the rulership and operation commands, those outside the United States, such as Africom, were not established primarily related to security and law enforcement issues in their territory of coverage.
They did so only when such problems affected the interests of the United States directly in the territory and under such circumstances and were not authorized to yield them modus operandi and share intelligence witnesses in local security and law enforcement agencies
If Africaicom was instructed to be an island on its own, it would restrict access to Nigerians of all categories and establish a jurisdiction in the territory of the base virtually off the Nigerian security and law enforcement agencies.
As he regularly apuned on the US military base outside the United States, Africom would be the forward operating base for disruptive intelligence operations and would be a source of disobedience and destabilization against hosts.
In this particular case of Africom, part of his original concept was to control the strategic influence of Nigeria growing in West Africa and Africa as we had successful peace enforcement efforts in Liberia and Sierra Leone and watched the worldwide record of peace.
Before Africom, the African Crisis Response Initiative (ACRI ) was established by the Clinton administration to counter the strategic interests of Nigeria in Africa.
In the secretary of State of president Clinton, attorney by dour -faced California, Warren Christopher, secretly visited a nomba of African countries to sell ideas.
But bikos Nigeria was a target and pointed out of her itinerary.
Senegal, not far away from Liberia and Sierra Leone, was supposed to serve as a coordinating base in the ACRI, and despite the initiative to facilitate the assistance of the United States to African humanitarian issues, his secret military errors and strategic goals were targeted in Nigeria.
Because mainly of undisguised hostility from France, which was averse to see di Americans attempt to get into an exclusive influence area, they reviewed the concept of di ACRI.
For a review, traced by di expertise of American Military, intelligence, political and academic personalities and institutions in the American Congress, the Americans considered and realized the need to set up an AFrican commandment to extend a commandment that had already been covering the continent.
Thus, to follow a recomandation of experts gathered in all the angles of political and security institutions in the United States, the Bush Junior administration set Africom up a mandate that is larger than the container of Nigeria but also to observe the strategic penetration of Chinese pipo in Africa.
As the US Central Command (USCENTCOM ) in Middle East and Asia, Africa is based on Florida, European Command (EUCOM ), based in Stuttgart, Germany, based on the European and Southern Command (SOUTHCOM ), based in Florida, Latin America and the Caribbean.
Niger, Cameroun, Chad, and Benin had already been surrounded by French military forces.
In America, there was also a drone base in Niger.
Adding Africom to a mix in Nigeria involves a complete capitulation of awa’s strategic interests in both France and America.
Since Africa’s strategic interests and profits are not always connected with one in France and the United States, hosting Africa in Nigeria would be like allowing wolves into a chicken cage.
Notin was included in an insecurity cahllenge facing a contri that was avoided by the armed forces.
These were the afta military forces that eventually captured Liberia and Seirra Leone against the army of insurgents who were well - entrenched and organized in the contries from a long logistical supply line of thousands of miles ; the army of Joshua Dogonyaro, Victor Malu and Maxwell Khobe, to mention a few of the gallant Nigerians who were assigned to operate.
Sadly, the military in Nigeria, who has fallen from high standards, is now struggling to interfere with the activities of non - State actors.
But intrinsically and essentially, military forces in Nigeria carry their ability and ability to defeat threats to await national security if they have appropriate leadership, doctrine, and motivation.
All of us need assistance and cooperation in the United States if we are disappointed.
However, since we had to host Africom with his preceding circumstances and the implication of having a strategic interest, we had to wait soil.
Despite trials, Plateau targeted 7m metric tons of Irish potatoes
In the province of Plateau, the Irish potato is produced in nine of the 17 local goments of the province.
Di Potato Value Chain Support Project of African Development Bank (AfDB) Initiative has been placed in the country with 90 per cent of the potato production in the country of Contri, such as Chad, Ghana, Niger, Benin, and oda with large supplies of potatoes from Nigeria.
According to the PotatoPRO.com, the leading source of information in the global pottery industry, a large portion of potatoes in the Plateau State has been produced by Nigeria di nomba four large kontries in sub -sahara Africa.
However, the farmers acknowledged the poor dam and the poor road net, as well as the cost of fertilization and fertilization, continuing to serve as the chief production and exporter of potatoes in the country.
Oda’s challenges with low yield and loss of harvest include diseases, such as bacterial disease, and poor seedlings.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State is one of the ten poorest states in Nigeria with a poverty rate of over 70%.
However, comparative counsel was made to promote economic activity by improving the competitiveness of di potatoes.
Thomas Muopshin, a project coordinator in the province of Potato, observed that the visibility of di tuber crop was evident in nine local goments of Plateau, Na Bokkos, and Mangu LGAs.
It produces more potatoes than any LGA fir di kontri.
However, Muopshin acknowledged that adaptability research indicated that the remaining eight LGA in the state could also plant potatoes, so that all 17 LGA in Plateau could produce tuber, especially in the dry season.
However, in the Association of Potato Farmers (APF ) in the country where the importance of the potatoes is greater than in the country where the importance of potatoes is greater than in the country where the importance of potatoes is greater.
The Chairman of the APF in the province of Plateau, Lazarus Makut, in an interview with the Daily Trust, stated that inadequate dams, especially in remote areas of the land of potatoes, and roads and farms continued to affect the output of potatoes.
He acknowledged the cost of mechanized farms that could speed up rapid production as most of the small scale producers who are unable to afford mechanization.
Anoda Farmers, Martha Mamgup, who sows potatoes in the town of Ampang in Mangu LGA, acknowledged that less than a drought season affects potatoes and harvests.
According to Bekos, most of the farmers searched for the land of borehole to gain access to irrigation water.
Martha also explained that high costs of fertilization prevent many farmers from improving quantity and quality of yield, adding that less wen fertilizers affect the output of the crop.
Most of us are also avoided by expenses.
Therefore, having a fertilizer is not easy.
She acknowledged that the construction of dam and borehole in the irrigation would lead to greater production of potatoes.
Because of the lack of water in the crop, it will be drought and die in the future, and it is why some farmers with resources prefer to dig boreholes in Mangu in the irrigation bikos, without it, season farming will be difficult, as she did.
Irish potatoes in a store in Jos
Complete labs of production of 7million metric tons
It has grown from 1,656,650 metric tons in the State of Plateau to 2,359,890 metric tons in the year 2017 to 2,359,890 metric tons in the establishment of the Potato Value Chain Support Project, and it is expected that the diconstruction of the tisue culture will triply the production of more than seven million metric tons in the year 2021.
The officer of the Monitor and Evaluate state’s Potato Value Chain Support Project in di state, Baleri Yakubu, told The Daily Trust that it was expected to begin producing six million potatoes a year after the construction of a di tissue culture lab in the end of 2021, but he was optimistic about producing more than seven million metric tons a year.
However, Yakubu acknowledged that the local farmers faced challenges, especially those of a fertilizer, as well as the dam and the road network, as they expected to apply appropriate crop regulations to their expected goal.
Our correspondents heard that the di tissue culture labs, which intended to improve potato yields in di state by providing clean pestile seed, expected to begin a full surgery in the next few months.
Yakubu was convinced that adventure would improve the income of the farmers and the income of the state goment, as well as food security in the congregation.
However, a farmer in the Plateau State believed that a fully equipped tissue would reduce the costs of treatment for the crop when they were infected with disease.
They also hoped that quality seed would be available at affordable prices.
FG neva returned £4.2m Ibori loot to Delta Accountant General
On Wednesday, the Office of Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF ) announced that the Federal Goment had returned £4.2 million loots from former governor James Ibori to delta Goment.
They also waited for money to solve problems that they had witnessed before taking any further action.
Currently, a member of the press and public relations, Henshaw Ogubike, was not returned to the Delta state, according to a statement from the office reveal.
In a statement stated that they were not resolved in the issue of £4.2millions of Ibori’s loot.
In the preceding comment by the National Assembly General Accountant, Henshaw Ogubike, which stated : “ Di Agf has only a general comment on the money that is related to state goments.
Three Super League forces rejected the UEFA coertion.
On Wednesday, Super League three Real Madrid, Barcelona, and Juventus insisted that their discipline was threatened by the UEFA.
UEFA has opened a formal disciplinary campaign on Tuesday against three club clubs who refuse to give up on an aborted project in the Super League.
In a joint statement, Juventus, Italy, and two Spanish sides announced that they remained determined to modernize the football through an open dialogue with UEFA.
FC Barcelona, Juventus FC, and Real Madrid CF wish to express their absolute rejection to the insistent coercion that the UEFA has mentions toward the three most important institutions in the history of football.
The attitude to raise a alarm represents a breach of a decision made by courts of justice, which has made a clear warning to UEFA to give up any action that could punish the club clubs found in the Super League while they are still on top of legal matters.
Therefore, just as the disciplinary proceedings of the UEFA are incomprehensible and direct attacks against the rulership of the law that we, citizens of the European Union, have built up with the democracy, it is also a lack of respect to the authority of the courts of justice sef.
China has supplied up to 140 million COVID-19 vaccines
China has administered 139.97 million doses of COVID-19 vaccine on April 4, 2021, according to the National Health Commission (NHC ) of di kontri token.
According to Wu Liangyou, who is deputy director of the NHCs Disease Prevention and Control Bureau, China has been working hard to make sure that vacation efforts in major regions and key sectors are based on the global plan of di kontriating, inoculating di eligible population as large as possible and progressing in stages.
Di kontri has collected funds to ensure inoculation in large and medium cities, protites, border areas with high risk of infection, priorities to key groups including employees in the public sector, students and faculties in the universities, and service staff in the large supermarkets, as told Wu, and the vacation campaign has progressed.
Today, in Beijing, Shanghai, as well as some oda locations in China, older citizens have been given wan kolekt di vaccine, over 60 years of age, and beta - conditioned COVID-19 vaccine.
He Qinghua, the official in the NHC, noted that the commission would promote vacation campaigns in order of importance, associate with the priciple of informed consent, voluntary participation, and free inoculation.
Di kontri coordinates regular prevention and control vacation efforts,ining the fulfillment of local congregation responsibilities, and advancing vacation campaigns in more secure, or urgent, and forceful ways.
In addition, China has made progress in increasing their health needs in the vacation campaign.
So far, China has approved COVID-19 vaccines produced by five enterprises for conditional marketing or emergency use.
Phase III of three vaccines that were inactive and an adenovirus vaccine showed that they were effective according to the requirements of the National Medical Products Administration in China and the World Health Organization.
Phase II trial for the emergency vaccine used by di recombinant protein subunit shows that the vaccine is safe and can cause strong immune reaction.
All Chinese vaccines for COVID-19 have passed relevant clinical studies approved by the national drug regulatory organization and have been used more than a strict examination, as told Li Bin, deputy head of the NHC.
All vaccines must monitor and keep a temperature record from time to time in order to satisfy temperatures and transportation requirements.
Li adds that the health regulator in China has also strengthened the effort to train health workers to obey operating instructions so that they can guarantee the effectiveness and safety of their vaccine.
Wema Bank holds children’s Essay Contests
Wema bank Plc hosts a creative essay competition that will test the creative writing ability of young children aged between five and 12.
In the series Write and Win of the Royal Kiddies Essay Competition of 2021, the goal was to develop scriptures, promote creativity, imagination capacity, reward creativity, and lead them to excellence in the process of learning.
Ten children will become emergencies in a process of screening that will be transparent, acceptable, and thorough.
3 Essays of T -shirts for Huawei tablets and Royal Kiddies.
In the final, seven other pipos will receive a N20,000 prepaid gift card each for school supplies plus a branded T -shirt.
A Di essay competition will be opened to parents, funds on the Royal Kiddies Accounts or wards, and entries will be closed on May 24, 2021.
From Hushpuppi to Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tangâ
Twelve months ago, Ramoni Abass (37 years of age ), known as a hushpuppi in June 2020, was arrested in Dubai, as an allegation of making money laundering by commercial e - mails and fraud and scams from target firms and a English Premier league club.
In total, $435 million were defraud, which resulted in 1,926,400 victims.
Afta a year later, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI ) also arrested Abidemi Rufai ( sandy Tangâ), Senior Special Assistant on Special Duties to Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, in the John F kennedy Airport, a concerning criminal complain to scame the Washington State Employment Security Department of $350,000 (N144,375,000 ).
The tired funds were relief funds for a pandemic designed by the Washington State for a pipe that could have lost their job bikos of the COVID-19 pandemic.
During the blockade of fraud and investigation, alleged fraudists were being traced in the federal House of Representatives of Nigeria if they failed to defeat the Ijebu North/Ijebu East/Ogun Waterside Federal Constituency election to Adekoya Adesegun, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP ).
More than 100 members of the United States residents were accused of fraud by stealing the identity of the member of the Employment Security Department (ESD ) for pandemic - related unemployment benefits.
A new e - mail account was created for each frauded identity so that it could be identified as an automatic fraud detection system.
Later, more than $288,000 were paid to his bank accounts in the United States between March and August 2020.
Worldwide, cybercrime is a threat to corruption, corruption, and corruption.
Nigeria loses more than $128 billion a year for cybercrimes.
By the end of the year 2021, the world would have lost $6 trilions in total.
To date, more than 40 Nigerians have been involved in fraudulent scams or have been investigated by the FBI.
Di allege unemployemnt beneficial fraud that Rufai dealt under the COVID-19 fraud in Nigeria.
This is a scam used by loopholes that have been caused by COVID-19 pandemics to scame the organizations.
During the COVID-19 blockade in Nigeria, cybercriminals have been influenced by fraud and scam, including interference from goment and private sectors.
Include Domino pizza fraud, federal goment cash palliative fraud, N20, 000 Dangote relief fund fraud, and promote sales fraud among the oda.
Some of them are engaging in cybercriminality outside of Nigeria, while others are engaging in cybercriminality in Nigeria.
The European Commission for Economic and Financial Crimes (EFCC ) arrests, attempts, and convictions.
Compromising a culture that is influenced by cybercriminality can lead to serious violence.
Family is a small world part of a larger society.
It is a place where the normal human beigns should be nutritified.
In addition to the fact that many families in Nigeria live in dungeons of poverty and have a difficulty caring for their children, some of them have been bicycled by non - legitimate breadwinners.
Ethical behavior training in many homes is a challenge for parents and children who have been arrested for cybercrime.
In some places, yahoo boys form an association to celebrate their offspring successfully.
In religious settings, pastors, alfa, and traditinalists make home and benefit from yahoo -boyism.
Pentecostalism involves the teaching of morality.
A viral video showed that some boys are spreading money while the white garment shepherds enjoy captive moments while female youth wings of the church record the act of shame.
A son named wen Nigeria, born in 1999, is now 21 years old.
Sadly, they grew to appreciate lies as a lifestyle from politicians ( and in many cases from home ) who were deciding to make unfailing vows in their congregation.
Lying sef is the foundation of the sociology of hushpuppism.
Youths are socialized daily through corruption by being in the public office.
They observe how di systems offer farudulent pipo soft landings ( for public or private. )
They are asking how many accusations of fraud and corruption have been investigated and discharges?
In many cases, off-the -mic witnesses, such as in the case of the Delta Development Commission (NDDC ), ended up as family affairs.
In their youths, they view marvelous flamboyant lifestyle as unclean and unclean.
They observed the poor political candidates who had been in the office for a millionaire in the next few months.
They realize that traditional institutions have taxed cash and that they have a chieftancy title.
Tertiary educational institutions, with few exceptions, offer undeserving honours in exchange for money.
All that were mismanaged had soft landings.
Adding to a list of cultures that nutrise cybercrime is the lyrical glamour that some Nigerian musicians promote cybercrime as a work and a game that is not a crime.
If we choose a petitioner to enter the legislation, will it protect us against any criminal offense involving it?
In the process of presenting partial candidates to di Pesin with high - paying contributions, we need to review if we stop importing problematic tokunboys into a political system that has already lost morality.
It is unfortunate that political leaders have critical reasoning when they receive money.
They equipped platforms with double qualities to cover up and divide society.
Greed also contributes to cybercriminality.
Donald Voiret, an incestigate agent from the FBI, acknowledged greed as a powerful motivator.
Unfortunate greed applies to all taxpayers.
To move forward, we cannot live in sin, expecting gracies to be abundant.
Nigeria should sanctify their anti - corruption systems and place the accoutability policy in a way that follows the material accumulation of life.
Our youths in the Netherlands have to give hope to create employment opportunities, to reduce poverty, and to review the reward systems.
EFCCs had to invest in technology and expose them to modern cybercrime investigation procedures.
In the case of huspuppi and Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang, the commission had to complete the investigation and arrest the suspect.
Unless they struggle with a culture that supports cybercrime in the social engineering industry of Nigeria, cybercriminality will continue to be spread.
Dr Tade, a sociologist, wrote a discount on dotad2003@yahoo.com
DRC president Tshisekedi has taken chairs in the African Union
The president of the Republic of Congo, Felix Tshisekedi, joined the African Union on Saturday.
He entered the office during the 34th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Goment in Addis Ababa.
Cyril Ramaphosa, president of South Africa, serves on a rotating chair.
Di Au was eager to deal with the impact of COVID-19 on the continent.
In union
The official theme for 2021 was Arts, Culture, and Heritage : Levers for Building di Africa We Want.
Despite contries and continent -wide control measures, the impact of COVID-19 has brought many humans, financial, and social - economic costs in Africa, as told Tshisekedi.
During the crisis, however, we have the opportunity to reexamine and work to promote sustainable and inclusive economic growth, allowing women and women to contribute fully to the most important part of the world.
We must rely on more awasef and look for collective solutions to deal with their problems.
Tshisekedi acknowledged that a elevate African voices were viewed in the DRC as head of the union.
In addition, he focuses on sustainable development both in and in Africa.
We work to ensure that they integrate well - being, peace, security, health care, and resistance against COVID-19, as well as food security.
Agricultural transformation, education, gender equality, climate justice, freedom of speech, and freedom of religion, as well as the promoting of common traditions : languages, and Memorial sites of di history of pipo in Africa, which will be centered in the office of president.
New problems in Lagos PDP concerning LG polls
A fresh disaster has grown up in the Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP ) concerning release of guidelines for the conduct of local goment elections in the province of Chairman of the state of Engrji Doherty.
Engr Doherty, who has been battling many of his colleagues at the State Working Committee (SWC ), leading to his recent suspension, will be released on Friday.
He may recall that the State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC ) has released a timetable for the elections held on Saturday, July 24, 2021.
Inside the internal strife of lingering in the State PDP, the Chairman release guidelines, which, as we heard, were inappropriate for most of the execution members who acknowledged that they had not taken long.
A member of the state executive acknowledged that the chairman’s schedule was unilaterally and that there were no members of the oda executive.
Later, we heard that a member of the Doherty party could counter a member of the Chairman dismissed over his guidelines.
A member of the executive who was accused of being anonymous accused of being a member of the congregation, insisting that a key member of the executive was sideline.
Her feelings of birth in the pandemic By Dil Afrose Jahan.
When the news of death is spreading, a new life brings hapines plus hope
On January 1, 2020, one new morning, two red lines changed my life.
I am pregnant and pregnant
New Year begins with mammzing.
It was the most remarkable year in my life.
All of a sudden, evriting changed.
My daughter, Roshomon Tara, now nine - month old, was born at the end of her first confinement in Dhaka, Bangladesh, now nine - month old.
That is why I have been a mother in the middle of the global crisis.
Not only she was born but also my mother tara, who spent the entire pregnancy in a house locked and had children in a emergency condition.
Tara had seen a worldwide mass and isolation.
Her grandmother was also afraid to touch her or to approach her if they did not wear a mask.
If there was no pandemic disease, my journey to enter the motherhood would be different.
Dis Mother Day was very special as my son was before me, looking at me with a smile.
At my last mother’s day, she grew up in me.
In the meantime, the only thing that is unchanging is di pandemic.
When I was diagnosed with pandemic apun, I was in my mid - 16 weeks of pregnancy.
I struggle to survive with my hormonal and physical changes.
During 22 weeks, it was like a war.
My husband, Sina Hasan, was a musician, and all his shows were being canceled.
Since January 1, 2021, I have been a freelance journalist.
So we were dependent on what I had already saved, and we spent all my savings.
Our parents and two associations of journalists come to help in the early days.
I was afraid of evrithing.
Most of the time, it seemed to be a death
knock at the awa door.
I am adapting to a new life that is online and delivering awa items or home - deliversy.
I had to wait a week for the day - to - day delivery of groceries.
I even feared to send my husband to go and buy a food storage, a family member who had witnessed me.
So I ate little.
Beside sef, I could not go to my antenatal checkup just as I had been assigned.
And I can’t be sure if my child is growing well with progressing temporarily.
I am sorry for my unborn son that I am bringing him into a world that is unique.
I was helped by tele - medicine over a period of time in the last three months.
I missed the face of my gynaecologist.
I could not imagine she would look if she did not wear a PPE.
I needed information about dangers, precautions, and emergency medical help.
Over the years, there have been hundreds of volunteers around them.
Within these pressures, experienced mothers and my mother - in -law may support me alone and may not have met me in the pain of pregnancy.
Thro the years, experienced mothers and most older women in their family will help new mothers witness to their experiences and observances.
I had a lot of panic attacks and had no information and understanding.
So I was a dig experience of those who gave birth in the past.
I viewed social media as a lifeline.
I read a lot of exciting experiences on social media when I was associating with a group of over 100,000 pregnant and pregnant women who supported each room to survive the pandemic disease.
Media groups in the platfrm have helped over 100,000 pregnant and pregnant women to share experiences and informate hardships.
A group helped me to find heakth care fcility for the emmergency ultrasound afta heavy bleeding fires in the locked.
Anoda group helps to overcome anxiety and depression.
I felt angry that I could not meet my parents, relatives, or friends to share the joy of welcoming new members of the family.
My daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago, and my son was born on August 25, 2020, at the Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago.
And she met anonymous son one on one when she was four - month old on December 31, 2020, when Tara and her father walked rooftop with me to see di fireworks.
Anoda fimily with two children, my neighbor, whom I met for the first time, will also go to the beach for the year 2020.
Daily, and it is also a gift to consider recent statistics of increased cases of Covid-19.
When the news of death is filled with evrizia, life is filled with hapines and hope.
For their mothers, they did not differ from the victory as a child was born in a pandemic and cared for a new child alone to maintain the highest safety for their children.
Social, emotional, and physical challenges arise.
Thanks to the light that brillies in the eyes of your children.
Thank you, my daughter, for my mother and for the successful fighter who survived the pandemic disease.
Dil Afrose Jahan has been a member of the National Geographic Society’s Emergency Fund for Journalists.
It was supported by the National Geographic Society.
National issues, insecurity, and declaration in Asaba.
By Segun Tomori
Recently, governments in southern Nigeria met in Asaba and made a number of resolutions on the top of the state of the nations, called the declaration of Asaba.
As a result of the worsening of insecurity, agitation by ethnic jingoists, and threats of murderous herdsmen, I was on the top of my life.
Indeed, the bi - partisan nature of me and the unanimity displayed by 17 governors highlighted the significance of serious business.
Restructuring is an ongoing process in the context of true Federalism and is banned from public grazing.
The major light was involved in bringing the state police, the devolution of power, the review of income forms to favour the federal units, and the national dialogue to discuss national matters.
Just as governments are drawing foot on the financial autonomy in the legislature and in the justice of the state and refusing to follow the spirit of true Federalism, the plant in their resolution is a tenet in the ruling Committee of the Progressive Congress (APC ) leading by Gov. El=Rufai on the recommendation of true Federalism.
One of the leaders of the APC is expected to take advantage of the bipartisan nature of the Asaba declaration and to support major opposition parties to engage in the process of addressing matters.
Instead, we saw attempts to play in the gallery and in some quarterly subtle censures of governors.
The El -Rufai committee has recommended power devolution, resource control, state police, local goment autonomy, and a congregation revision in favour of a federal unit.
President Buhari has been encouraging by local authorities, national legislatures, and judicial autonomy since his backing amendments in the statutes and issue of Executive Order 010.
Togeda had to pay unlimited attention to the two sectors of the world where security and economic challenges arise.
Despite the status of Nigeria as the continent’s highest contribution to GDP, we did not make much effort to translate it to improve the standards of living or to die most of the continent’s contries.
For instance, the annual budget of $ 35 billion is now inadequate for 220 million Nigeria pipo.
South Africa, with some 58 million pipoes, has a national budget of $75bn in 2019 with the Social Protection Programme to reach 17m of its population
The effort of the di Buhari administration, though new and commendable, was just drop into the ocean and was not adequate to make the necessary impact.
That is where the devolution of energy and the control of resources occurs.
Solid minerals and natural resources were not included in the Exclusive list for more than one day.
Almost every country in Contri has natural resources that could sell markets that could explore to produce and generate riches in foreign exchanges.
In today’s system of governments, the federal allocations in the congregation of Indolence are not in line with the principle of true Federalism.
Just as was proposed by the El -Rufai Committee, a revenue form was recommended to be reviewed in a way that would favor the State’s responsibility.
On the side of the state police, it is undesratndable to fear that governments will abusive him, but like Richie Nortondon, To escape fear, you have to go through it, not around it.
For many years, we have been intimidated by the law of the State, blinded to the di centralised Nigeria Police Force, who has been overstretched and has been inefficient and harsh.
As told by the viceprecient Osinbajo a few years ago, the State Police was an idea that his time was passing.
We have to endure and overcome our fears.
One way could be to enable legal instruments to establish the State Police Regatory Commission (SPRC ) as well as certificates of constitutional amendments to authorize the State Police.
He exercises similar responsibilities as the Federal Police Service Commission (PSC ), but he exercises appoint and regulatory responsibilities.
The National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP ), approved by the National Executive Council (NEC ), is part of the fulcrum of the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP ).
The International Crisis Group (ICG ) has placed di NLTP as the most comprehensive effort in Nigeria to overcome inefficient and grossly underperforming livestock systems.
In the core of the Christian congregation, such as the curb of immigrants or the open grazing and the danger of conflict between herders and farmers, beggars confessed that some myopic and acclaimed ethnic champions chose to ban lampoon di bann on pre -historic and nomadic open grazing.
Let the federal and stae goment move very quickly to fulfill their new plans so that we can dismiss the clash of farmer -herders who are in the emergency.
As a result of reports from the 2014 National Conference and the recommendations of the Gov. El-Rufai -led APC Committee on True Federalism, the national Dialogue, which is the major demand for the declaration of Asaba, may be unnecessary.
In two reports, a distant counsel made by governors and deputy representatives of the national assembly could be approved rather than by wasteing resources that are not on an anoda jamboree.
The issue of separatist agitations was the introduction of modalities for referendums.
It is almost certain that the vast majority of the Nigerians live in togeda, and they look forward to differences.
To do that, you must sail in the winds of divisive elemnetes that spread fire of hatred and discord.
in Southern Governor’s commitment to a United Nigeria on the basis of justice, fairness, and equity, so they must evict the patriot Nigerian.
Despite such challenges as evri oda kontri, we must listen to awasefs, as US President Joe Bidden often tells us.
Tomori lives in Abuja
Two officers were killed when IPOB Jaguda Pipo set a fire on a police station
A 24 hour afterward, the newly appointed police commissioner in Anambra, Christopher Adetokumbo Owolabi, resumed his jaguda pipo, attacked the Obosi Police Station in Idemili North, and killed two officers.
Di jaguda pipo, who had been arrested on a police station late on Wednesday, was released.
About 11pm, a prisoner at a police station invaded a large crowd of jaguda pipo and attacked a police station.
He was identified as a dead officer as the inspector James and Awalu.
The source said that the victims were killed in an unfunctioning filling station closing to a police station.
According to a source, when the officers were in the duty, the unusual movement of unknown gunmen had been observed, they had time to burn at a police station.
Meanwhile, the police in Anambra confirmed the murder of both men.
DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, the Public Relations Officer (PPRO ) of the officer’s officer’s officer, confirmed that a tactical team had been dispatched by an official of the State Commissioner’s officer’s officer’s officer.
A tactical team under the lead of the Assistant Commissioner of Police has instructions to observe spot assessments.
They also commanded a team who tried to identify and catch the fugitive di jaguda pipo.
Ikenga, who added that two policeman had been in the nearby morgue, acknowledged that they had started an investigation on the matter.
NEPC, a Commonwealth collector on the production of professional service
Di Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC ) and the Commonwealth Secretariat London have been involved in producing reliable information on an export site in the province of Nigeria.
During the inaugurational meeting of the National Consultative Committee for International Trade -in -Services (NCCITS ) held under the Commonwealth Secretariat London, the Executive Director / Chief Executive Officer of the NEPC, Mr. Olusegun Awolowo, insisted that Nigeria had no readily accessible and reliable information on the trade -in -service site.
Awolowo acknowledges that they had tried to create awareness on the trade -in service sector of di economy, including the National Strategy for Export of Professional Services in 2010.
He acknowledged that the Commonwealth had helped Nigeria to develop a road - map in the di sector in 2016.
A member of the NEPC said that the current focus of the Commonwealth Secretariat was on top data / statistics collection and management.
He acknowledged that the disciple - making work is critical when it fills the gap in collecting or capturing information from the relevant institution in order to generate, analyze, and use statistical information on the global trade - in Service.
NITDA, company launching tech startup funds in July
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA ) and a bease company in the United States Mass Challenge have signed a financial agreement between July 10 and 15 to full potential withing 12 months.
NITDA General Director Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi was arrested on Tuesday by a viral media stakeholder engagement wit officials of the massChallenge.
Abdullahi acknowledged that they were designed to identify and accelerate startups based in Nigeria and expand their to serve both in Nigeria and on the global markets.
Di DG was part of the NITDA initiative that was scheduled to be launched in July, adding that it would improve tech innovation and entrepreneurship in the congregation.
Start up a vibrant ecosystem that is critical for the future of the congregation, and it is vital to look for solutions to deal with various challenges.
Innovation is an outstanding way to build unrighteousness and to lift congregations away from poverty.
According to the CEO of MassChallenge, Siobhan Dullea, the company has supported over 2,900 worldwide starts and produced $3.6 billion in income and created 86,000 jobs.
Two women were taken into the council in Abuja
Two Christian women, Isa Attah and Favor David, have been kidnapped behind the Anguwar Kpokpolobi community in Naharati, Abaji Area Council, FCT.
The mother of two victims, Mrs. Ruth Attah, a retired school teacher, told a reporter in her home that about midnight on Saturday was an incident apun.
She fell asleep and had children sitting in a room while kidnapping them into a house and jumping at a walls that were not too high.
She acknowledged that a window was broken and entered a room where her daughters slept and carried a wit gun in hand.
When girls noticed that they tried to break the windows, they fled to my room for hiding, but they followed the kidnappers to my room, and they took all of us away, as she did.
According to her, kidnapper was left her afta a few meters away from home when they noticed that she could not walk a bicycle of old age.
When we crossed the river, a member of the gang asked me to go back home as my two daughters were passed away and witnessed, she added.
An anonymous petitioner acknowledged that the kidnappers had been operated for more than an hour while they were shooting up to scare a pipo from them.
He acknowledged that no security officer came here when the kidnappers were shooting in the air for over an hour.
The Daily Trust heard that until that very day, a woman and her daughters regularly slept at neighbor’s home and returned home by bicycles who had fear of kidnapping just a few meters from the river.
We also gathered to know of the daughter of di woman, a local class teacher, who was preparing for the next month’s wedding.
A policeman named Toktok pesin in the FCT, ASP Maryam Yusuf, refused to receive or reply a text message sent to her background to confirm her latest kidnapping incident in the area.
why I take refuge in the Anambra Anglican Priest
A Anglican Priest, Rev Godwin Okonkwo, has accused his race during November governor’s elections in the province of Anambra by means of fear of God and knowledge.
On Wednesday, Okonkwo, who joined the Daily Trust, briefly admitted to his fellow supporters in Awka, the capital city of Anambra, that the state was discouraged in terms of good governments.
Di pipo, now a neva, began to manage the resources of the Anambra State for the sake of Di Anambra pipo.
I believe that we can do better than managing the resources of the state.
It is time to move from lukewarm attitude to good leadership.
I was in the Apc to replace the poor outings that partially existed in the state for the past few years, as he did.
Barty had defeated Kvitova in four final matches with Badosa
Ashleigh Barty defeated Paula Badosa in the semifinal of Madrid Open afta with Petra Kvitova 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 on Wednesday.
10 days ago, Barty defeated Stuttgart with her fourth single title.
In the last four, she encountered a woman whom she beated in the quarterfinale in Charleston early April.
On Wednesday, the Australian triumph against Wimbledon’s double victory, plus the Australian triumph against Kvitova, held in Madrid in 2018.
The wildcard Badosa became the first Spanish woman to join a 12 - year - old tournament with her 6-4, 7-5 victories over eighth seed Belinda Bencic.
22 Pharaoh’s mummies parade in Egypt
Twenty - two mummies of pharaoh wlk were on the street of Cairo on Saturday evening at a stunning royal procession from the Egyptian Museum on Tahrir Square to the New National Museum of Egyptian Civilization (NMEC ) in Fustat.
NMEC Officially launched an event mark.
Against di backdrop of fireworks, di mummies ” 18 kings and four queens ” travelled in order of age on purpose - built gold - colored pharaonic chariots, equipped with air - ride suspensions to absorb vibrations, and bearing the names of dia occupants in Arabic, English, and hieroglyphics.
Seqenenre Tao II, who ruled the Upper Egypt about 1,600 BCE, led a parade as Ramses ix, who ruled the 12th century BCE.
Under strict international standards for transportation of artifacts, royal deposits were placed in state -of -the -art sterile display cases for guarantee inherited preservation.
It included 60 motorcycles, 150 horses, and a pharaonic music ensemble that was accompanied by the renowned Egyptian maestro Nader Abbassiconduct.
Starting with a 21-gun salute, circulated the obelisk on the closing Tahrir Square, and then proceeded along the Nile to NMEC, whom the Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El-Sisi personally welcomed in a new home in Fustat, the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization.
The last 40 - minute parade of 12 celebrity in Egypt was broadcast by 200+ global television channels.
The pricelees will be prepared for the next two weeks in the NMECs laboratory in the Royal Mummies Hall in the valley of di kings.
The Royal Mummies Hall will be opened to visitors on April 18, which is married to World Heritage Day.
To promote the launch, NMEC offers 50 percent discount on entering bills to Central Exhibition Hall guests from April 4 to 17.
Additionally, representatives of local and international media have the opportunity to shoot and video di artifacts in the Central Exhibition Hall for free on April 4 and 5.
The Overlooking Ain Al Sirafor in the heart of the historic city of ustat near Babylon Fortress, NMEC, was one of the larger and most important archeological museums in the world, and was originally assigned to an entire Egyptian civilization.
Uproar apun in Kano prison concerning illicit drugs
On Thursday evening, Pandemonium was in the central prison of Kano in Kurmawa.
Di uproar began when they were imprisoned with cannabis, which was banned and thrown into immature on Thursday evening.
When contacted by the Public Relations Officer of di Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS ) in the province of Kano, Musbahu Lawal Kofar Nasarawa, he added that a commission was appointed to investigate how cannabis entered the center.
He acknowledged that he had cannabis in prison and had to be collected in the operation, so they shouted and urged us to give them.
We have already established a committee to examine how such illicit drugs occurred in your home — whether they were infected with food supplied to one of the prisoners or a conveyer who had witnessed some of the operatives.
In action, jailbreak was just uproar, and we had already reinforced the order back in the custodial center, as he added.
Rumour acknowledged that prisoners had broken a jail and tried to escape because they rejected food for fast breaking on the basis of a false donation from philantropists.
Di toktok pesin at NCoS had been rumored and described as baseless.
The Daily Trust reports that there were 100 years of imprisonment in the area of Kurmawa, behind the largest custodial center in the state, the Palace of Emir in the metropolitan city.
FG calls for global action against terrorism and drug addiction
The federal commands have urged world leaders to strengthen international cooperation as an effort to fight terrorism, drug addiction, and crime successfully.
Moreover, the Nigerians expressed concern over financial disasters from economic developments to economic developments around the world.
These were part of a position presented by Nigeria at the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice in Vienna.
Toktok pesin at the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA ), Femi Babafemi, is token at the Chairman / Chief Executive of di agency, Brig -Gen.
Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd ), who was appointed to serve in Nigeria in the articles 6C and 7 of the Christian congregation, acknowledged the importance of deepening cooperation and strengthening the fighting processes of terrorism and the fighting against terrorism so as to prevent them from benefiting from ransom payments.
Also, it is necessary to observe and control the spread of illegal traffic, drugs that influence the brain, leading to violence.
Also, Nigeria is concerned about corruption, corruption, money laundering, illicit traffic, drugs, cybercrime, persecution, and immigrants smuggling, as Marwa said.
Delivering a statement from Nigeria under article 6C on Wednesday, Marwa wrote that as nations are being renewed desire to improve the international cooperation to deal with everlasting crime, all nations are once again urged to engage in sincere efforts, including poverty, economic deprivation, inequality, drug abuse, and social - economic factors.
While presenting a di kontri statement on article 7 of the Thursday, Marwa wrote : “ In Nigeria, we are noted with great concern over the years through the financial system from developing and developing analytics.
To encourage disadvantaged di pipo, including financial institutions that act as enablers, state parties must make sure that illicit financial flow does not remain in custody of financial institutions, but should be transformed into escrow accounts, preferably in development bankks pending return to countries of origin.
In such circumstances, we call for the implementation of di recommendation of di facti panel that supports access recorvery and di agenda 2030 for sustainable development.
Timipre Sylva, Kurfi celebrated Chelsea winning the Champions League
Two prominent squadrons included the former Governor of the Bayelsa State and the present Ministry of State for Petroleum, Timipre Marlin Sylva and the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, Alhaji Aminu Balele Kurfi, who have won secodn champions league title at Sunday afta Chelsea football club.
At the final of all English, Chelsea’s former champions shocked Man City 1-0 in Estadio
dragao in Porto to win their second trophy.
Kai Havertz, an expensive addition since last summer, set a third defeat goal in a row on the Guardiola’s City.
Moments of afta matched, tweeted by former governor I supported Chelsea FC in the UCL trophy, and I did not regret.
Kurfi, who watched the proceedings in Abuja with Sylva, said that his time for the watch was matched with witnesses from the former governor of the State of Bayelsa to support and celebrate witnesses afta.
I needed to support him as a avid fan of Chelsea.
I also worried about having reason to celebrate it at the end.
His excellency Timipre Sylva had a passion for sports, especially football.
On my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I was the father of all the supporters of the national club.
I witnessed Chelsea from my loan to Katsina United.
From United, I received a loan to Kufri Tigers, and presently, I was in every club, as Kufri likened to play and play.
Uganda’s elections : President Museveni is early leader, rivals accused of fraud
President Yoweri Museveni, according to a result of the initial session of a di electoral commission on Friday morning, took the lead in the Pesidential elections in Ugand.
One reason was that his main rival had the proof that fraud had entered the elections.
On Thursday, with 29.4 per cent of the voices, Museveni won 1,852,263 voices, or 63.9 per cent, as the chief opposition candidate, Bobi Wine, had 821,874 or 28.4 per cent, just as a commission token at 11.00 a.m. (0800 GMT ).
Wine combines fraud
Wine, a young colombian lawmaker, announced on Friday at a press conference that he had a proof of fraud and that it would be the end of his peaceful vote.
In a tweet earlier, he had confidence in his victory despite fraud and violence.
Museveni, who had been the leader of a 46 million pipo di kontri in East Africa for 34 years, took an anytin in the middle of the morning.
Internet blackout
On Wednesday, Di goment ordered the block of the Internet to add an alert, and all social media and messaging apps were banned.
When Wine and her supporters used the social media to display a live coverage of her campaign campaigns and news conferences, they admitted that many media outlets refused to host it.
Volunteers and opposition candidates were killed by deadly crackdown.
Most shops were closed, and most of the shops were closed, and most of the shops were closed.
The soldiers were patrolled in a suburb that Reuters visited.
Commission head Simon Byabakama, assure di national on television on Thursday evening afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon afternoon.
We do not use the local Internet to produce results, but we use the hour system, just as it is, without giving details of the di system.
No, the outcome will come
New waves of pandemic have increased in the Japanese prefecture.
On Friday, Japan has decided to expand the current emergency state to cover three more prefectures.
Dises follow the infection with coronavirus spreading in a di kontri ahead of the Tokyo Olympics in summer.
In the provinces of Hokkaido, Okayama, and Hiroshima, it is likely to take measures from Sunday to the end of May, as told the Economic Revitalisation Minister Yasutoshi Nishimura.
A panel of endorse experts suggested that Nishimura, who was responsible for coronavirus, responded by di goment.
On Thursday in the western prefecture of Hiroshima, a record of 712 new infection occurred on the northern island of Hokkaido.
As infection develops, Hiroshima and Okayama cancell the torch relay that should be appunated for weeks on their public roads.
Thomas Bach, President of the International Olympic Committee, is expected to participate at a di torch relay event in Hiroshima on May 17.
However, local organizers tactfully acknowledged that Bach had postpone his trip to Japan before the game.
The postpone was as di goment extended di emergency states in Tokio plus three oda prefectures until the end of May, and two more regions of Aichi, Fukuoka, were added.
Di goment declared a state of emergency in four prefectures in the month of April, asked to stop serving alchohol in bars and restaurants and to stop serving Karaoke.
Specialists have warned that variants that are increasing in the congregation could spread quickly, especially as the coronavirus vaccine was rolled very slowly in mid -February.
Only one per cent of Japan’s
125 million pipoes have been fully vaccined.
Farmers benefit from the mechanized fields in Jigawa
The Malam Alu Agro Allied Company, a farm on a 100hectar land in the village of Faru along the Maiduguri road, Birnin Kudu Local Government Area of Jigawa State, has been replacing a prception in a mechanized farming in Nigeria, a GM tok in Mansur Dau Aliyu tok.
As farms were established almost five years ago, as we gathered, a direct response was to a call by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari, asking Nigeria to return to the fields as di mainstay of di economy in the nation, more than relying on the iol as a source of income in the di kontri.
Each cattle was attached to a nomba tag.
Founder Farouk Adamu Aliyu, the former member of the House of Representative key, added to GGM.
We cultivate greenhouse farming.
We produced tomates with 10,000 square - meters of fully automated soils.
We also produced two 250 square - meters of greenhouse, plus an anoda 500 square - meters of greenhouse, used as a nursery.
These greenhouses are all foreign - oriented, which have been installed to produce a variety of vegetables.
Only tomates are produced for 10,000 square automated soilless greenhousedem ; and we produced an average of 10 to 11 tons of tomates per week.
We owned anoda 10,000 square - meters of locally manufactured greenhouse.
We also had a livestock section with over 300 herds of cattle, some camels, goats, and sheep.
The Daily Trust that there were also fishery units in the fields with about 50,000 fish in ponds.
Similarly, a forty - ton per hour fertilizer blending plant installed in the early part of the year has produced up to 300 loads of NPK fertilizer under the di Presidential Fertilizer Initiative.
We have imported equipment that could install 120,000 capacities in the poultry system.
We had the prospect of producing between 3,000 -4,000 crates of egg in one day.
He added that in his fields, there were also diary plants, producing 2,000 liter of milk per day, and there were also about 150-200 hecters of land elsewia left in public fields, as well as a raise of rice and a crops of oda.
Masur acknowledged that the major pipo tomatoes were priceless customers, big hotels in Abuja and Lagos, as well as accommodations for rooms.
He confirmed, however, that the main marketplace of di products was primarily in the eastern part of the di kontri like Enugu, Onitsha, Owerri.
However, he acknowledged that in addition to the small customers in Kano, tomatoes were rarely found in local markets for some reason.
The second reason was that Jigawa was the primary tomato land, and the second reason was that tomatoes were produced in special species.
You know that tomates are a common product here, so the price of the tomates is more low than the price of the marketplace.
So most important, the papo did not look at the side of the watch, and they fell apprehensive wit what our bikos believed it was expensive.
And when you have a product available in evriwia, you can be sure that you will buy the cheapest one.
The fish were feeded by a vineyard.
When asked about the average lifespan of tomatoes, it was said that if you give a diotomate evritin, a nutrional supplement that you feed it as it grows, a diotomate may last up to three weeks from the harvest.
But without it, it would last for a week, not in the refreshment or in the presure or in the heat.
You can put it on a table with excellent ventilation.
It may last for an average of 10 days, but if necessary, it may last up to one month if necessary ( evri nutrient ) is supplied.
We have tested it, but then it is not as apun as you always want.
The di farm was a source of employment in the province of pipo, which was 200 in the village of Di farm.
He also acknowledged that the company had a few pipo to train youths in the city of Araea on information technology.
He added that most of the farm equipment was from Turkey, except the fertilizer - blending machine, imported from China.
He acknowledged that even the methods of farming similar to those in Turkey included a Turkish partner who helped them to maintain the standard, but he quickly added that the company was being conscious of allowing Nigeria pipo to take refuge in tachnical aspects of his operation.
Reflecting on the effect of COVID-19 on the operation of di company, Mansur said that Malam Alu, as a corporate entity in the di kontri, was affected by the devastating effect of diirus.
In Mansur, a youth in Nigeria noted that di pipo, who was locked in the white - collary work, adjusted to the reality and returned to the land.
He believed that the Nigerians had been doing their duties for a long time, but he noted that if they had progressed disagreement, they would have faced economic difficulties.
2023 : Lawmaker to seek a valuable deal in Southern Kaduna
A member of the Jaba Constituency at the State House of Assembly in Kaduna, Samson Monday Dikko, called a fine pipo to kom togeda and maped strategies to save Southern Kaduna Senatorial District in 2023.
On the weekend of a meeting of stakeholders in Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area for Kaduna State, Dikko, who was seeking to serve as a Senator in the People’s Democratic Party (PDP ), he acknowledged that di pipo, the chief minister of Southern Kaduna pipo, had abandoned them.
It was time for the entire Southern Kaduna pipo to obtain it.
We need to transform regionally and improve security, education, health, agriculture, economic, employment, and empowerment in the di teeming youth, as it has been added, and to serve as witnesses of the non -governmnetal organization.
The director - General of the Campaign Organisation in Dikko, Timothy Chindo Kwassam, suggested that the destiny of di pipo of Kaduna South Senatorial District would be destroyed if Dikko represented them in the Senate in 2023.
There is reason for evrithing under the sun.
So as Dikko was coming in his critical period was not a regular coincidence, but it was divine to liberate di regions from evrithing that prevented him from growing up and to compete with the oda regions.
3 Africa pesin, no Nigeria pesin, as City, Chelsea disputes UEFA Champions League final
No doubt the national football team in Nigeria is eagerly waiting for the final of the UEFA Champions League in 2020/2021 tonight when two English clubs from Manchester City and Chelsea will compete in Estadio do Dragao, Porto, Portugal.
Since the UEFA Champions League is one of the largest football competitions just next to the FIFA World Cup and during the Olympic football event, the expectations have grown as giants of the English Premier League are fighting at a prestigious diadem.
As Manchester City defeated the Champions League title before, chelsea defeated them first and only in 2012.
Therefore, even after the City, which had just won the seventh victory in the night, Chelsea was going to enter a di contest wit betta credentials.
They were former chsmpions.
However, after Thomas Tuchel, the chief technical crew in Chelsea, defeated the Champions League, his opponent in Manchester City dugout, Pep Guardiola defeated it twice.
He defeated Barcelona in 2009 and in 2010.
Therefore, there is much to expect from the actors who will go to the fields in Estadio.
dragao in Porto and a police officer in the technical area.
Interestingly, both contenders had only three African players in Riyad Mahrez (Algeria, Manchester City ), Hakim Ziyech (Morococo, Chelsea ) and Edourad Menday (
Africa’s final interests have dropped.
In Nigeria, the Chelsea and Manchester City have enriched their followers from passionate football fanatics, expection, and interests that have led to realignment.
Fans of di oda clubus who have been displaced in the stages of the Champions League have repeatedly aligned their interests with either Chelsea or Manchester City.
The result is that the final is one of the topics that are being discussed in sports at the moment, and the fanatics of the di premiereship club have continued to predict as the finalresult possible.
However, as it seems that almost every evribodi has been waiting for the artistry to be exhibited, some pundits are present at the final of the world’s largest football competition.
If we follow the history of the UEFA Champions League, only 24 African footballers have contended and won a trophy with the European club.
Sadly, such African football legends as Liberia’s George Weah, who was appointed World Footballer of the year in 1995,
Rashidi Yekini of Nigeria, Mohamed Aboutrika of Egypt, Roger Mila of Cameroon, Jay -Jay Okocha, Sunday Oliseh, Taribo West and Victor Ikpeba of Nigeria, Rigobert Song of Cameroon and Hassam Hassan of Egypt failed to win the Champions League as they could.
Although Mo Salah (Egypt ), Sadio Mane (Senegal ), Joel Matip (Cameroon ) and Naby Keita (Guinea ) are on the big stage at Liverpool 6th UEFa Champions league title in 2019, the first African winner of the trophy is Bruce Grobbelaar of Zimbabwe.
He had a close relationship with Liverpool in 1984.
The Algerian legion Rabah Madjer defeated with FC Porto in 1987 and Abedi Pele (Ghana ) in 1993 with the Olympique Marseille, before Nigeria
George Findi and Nwankwo Kanu lifted it up with Ajax Amsterdam in 1995.
It also records that Geremi Njitap of Cameroon was the first African to win the title twice in 2000 and 2002 with the Spanish giant Real Madrid, Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon, who tripled his victory with Barcelona in 2006, 2009 and 2010 with Inter Milan.
Oda African winner of the highky coveted trophy, Ibrahim Tanko (Ghana )
Borussia Dortmund 1997, Samuel Kuffour (Ghana ) Bayern Munich 2001, Benni McCarthy (South Africa ) FC Porto 2004, Djimi Traore (Mali )
) Liverpool 2005, Yaya Toure (Cote d’Ivoire )
Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Seydou Keita (Mali) Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Sully Muntari (Ghana )
Inter Milan 2010 and McDonald Mariga (Kenya) 2010.
John Mikel Obi (Nigeria ), Michael Essien (Ghana ), Salomon Kalou (Cote d’Ivoire ), Didier Drogba (Cote d’Ivoire ) with Chelsea in 2012 and Achraf Hakimi (Morocco ) with Real Madrid completed a list of Africans who had won the UEFA Champions League in 2018.
Finally, the Nigeria Pesin defeated the trophy in 2012 when Mikel Obi was among the AFricans who had lifted the trophy with Chelsea in expense of Bayern Munich.
Afta dated the achievement of the former captain of Super Eagles, Nigeria, to see talented players rise, such as Ahmed Musa, Wilfred Ndidi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Alex Iwobi, William Troost -Ekong, Leon Balogun, Aina, Isaac Success, Chigozie Awaziem, Tyrone Ebuehi, Moses Simon, and Victor Osimhen
However, none of them have participated in the final of the largest club competition in Europe.
The reason is not clear.
There are five European competitions in Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Manchester United, and Liverpool.
Unfortunately, the Nigeria players have failed to enter the high - rated clubs in Europe.
This is hoped by the Nigeria football stakeholder that soon a new generation of players will break the barrier and start playing in clubs with potential to win the UEFA Champions League.
If that fails, the fashions in Nigeria will continue to live with the finakls of the UEFA Champion League, without the presence of any player.
As Nigeria Pipo was waiting for the next European club competition, George, Nwankwo Kanu, with Ajax in 1995 and Mikel Obi in 2012 were only a few hours left in the 2021 final of the entire English club.
Finally, the victory will be at the first title of the Manchester club, at the second title of the London Premier club and at the most watched football league, with the ultimate winner of the Premiership.
Eyimba had pressured FC IfeanyiUbah to 2-2 draw in the Oriental derby
Enyimba FC was removed from the back to secure a 2- draw that was deserved for week 14 against the eastern club FC IfeanyiUbah at the international stadium di Aba,
Di orietal derby noticed that Eyimba made three changes to a team defeated at Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar was a return afta weeks off while Anthony Omaka and Victor Mbaoma returned to the start line.
During the first 28 minutes of the game, both sides were trying to hit at first, but the visiting side drew blood through Saidu Adamu, who knocked him home from the close range of the afta with Evans Ogbonda’s cross to him.
As they had full control over the game, they gained confidence and abandoned a host to scamble to get back into the game at the outset of 1-0 in favor of guests.
In the second half, IfeanyiUbah continued to keep pressing in the second goal and received a reward that was deserved when Saidu Adamu had his brace afta with Awazie square over the line in 61st minute.
During the second goal of life, Eyimba began throwing evrithing for the arsenal to get back in the game.
In the mid - 78th minute, the presence was paid off as Reuben Bala reduced the deficit in Eyimba in a luxury fashion.
Sharp Uzoigwe had his original header, but the ball rolled back to him and had a line.
The goal was to give Eyimba some hope as they kept pressing on the plunty of nomba to secure at least a point
And they were dismissed for 90th minute through Imot Obot.
Following this, Eyimba has moved to 5th place with 31 points from 17 games with two more outstandin matches.
Meanwhile, FC IfeanyiUbah was still in a relegation zone with 17 points in 19 games.
Farmers are apprehensive as the planting season begins with erratic rains
As moisture season has begun most part of the season, farmers have started to palntin with fear of the Flood and the danger of producing.
Rains are unsatble in Benue, Nasarawa, Niger, Kaduna and the federal Capital Territory (FCT ), and many farmers have grown crop.
During the 2019/2020 wet season, erratic rains in north and mid -season drunkenness in south -west triggered a loss of funds due to crop failure.
Musa Yohana and Halima Thomas, farmers in Doma and Lafia, Nasarawa, claimed that they had planted maize, groundnut, and oda crops, such as Casava and yam, but feared that they could have an an anodic horrible experience like the last season when they were forced to plant maize and groundnut twice.
I lost my yam last year because of the Flood.
In December, we had the second week of May, but the Flood was intense.
And I have already planted 15 measures ( 20kg ) of groundnut.
If she loved dishes in an anoda for a week, I could lose all the seed, just as Mr Yohana did.
Like them, many farmers around the FCT had grown, but they had a tremendous fear of crop failure as last year experienced.
In the state of Benue, a correspondent waited to reprove that a farmer had begun cultivating land and planting crop on the ground and complained that it would not rain.
Some farmers who had prepared their fields said that they could not begin to grow until a week earlier, since the odas had just started to clean the land three times a week after the Flood.
A farmer in Otukpo, Ada hyacinth, observed that the ground was too strong to cultivate bikos with regular rains.
Anoda, the farmer Felix Tor, in Makurdi, said that she had just planted melons and maizes on a farm that she had just clearly despited as the rain was not consistent.
However, tor expressed fear that a natural disaster could affect the well -being of the crop.
He prayed that dield yields would be fine in the end.
But Vitalis Tarnongu, who has been cleaning his 1,000 hectares of farmland in the federal Unversity of Agriculture, in Makurdi (FUAM ), indicates that the Flood of the decades will move him to grow maize to the end of May.
Tarnongu acknowledged that a plant breeder at the University had advised him to wait until May 20 start planting his maize bikos in nature since the season suggested that it would not rain for two weeks.
Di sate chairman of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN ), Aondongu Saaku, described a farming as a risk - worth business.
Saaku acknowledged that farmers who viewed it as a merchant had risked to plant dia crop already bikos without such a risk that they would not feed at the end of the day.
Meanwhile, Dr Teryima Iorlamen, a seed system specialist in FUAm, suggested that farmers could move forward to planting roots and cultivating crops as they followed the decade of the Flood Prevention.
Iorlamen stressed that the prediction of NIMET on the Flood pattern in the Benue State, which had ( experts ) working witnesses, indicated that the Flood would be stabilized between April 18 and April 30, 2021.
We can now assure the farmers that the Flood has been stabilized.
Everything that is now different will become a dry spell.
I have advised farmers to examine the logging capacity in their fields so that they could plant crops according to their assignment.
Rice like plenty of water, so neva is enough to plant it.
Farmers, however, can now enter roots and tubers, such as yam, cassava, maize, and melon.
We believe that the Flood has stabilized.
Senate mourning late Army Chief, Ahmed Gulak
On Tueday, a minute silence was held in honor of the former president’s aide, Ahmed Gulak, who was murdered firmly on Sunday in the capital city of Owerri, Imo.
A follow motion of Deputy Senate President and chairman of the Senate on the top of the Constitution reviewed the Committee, Ovie Omo -Agege, on the floor of the Red Chamber.
Omo -Agege drew attention to his colleagues to the execution of Gulak, who was hired by lawmaker to assist his committee on an amendment made by Nigeria.
Gulak served as a consultant at the committees and entered Owerri for public hearing on the review of 199 constitutions.
Though the program had ended on Thursday, Gulak stayed behind and left on Sunday.
He was killed on his way to Abuja at the airport of Owerri.
Omo -Agege described Gulak as a non - tribal Nigerian, giving him the best service of di kontri.
Also, on Tuesday, at the Senate, Urge federal goment to immortalization later Chief of Army Staff, Lt.
Di red chamber also observed a minute silence to honor Lt. Gen. Attahiru, who died in a plane crash near Kaduna International Airport.
Dis one following point of order by Chairman, Senate Committee on Army Matters, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIN/profile code : NANS have raised voice concerning disenfranchisement of students by JAMB
On Tuesday, Di Kaduna State Chapter of di National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS ) announced that thousands of candidates would not participate in the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB ) each year
examinations on hitches for the NIN/Profile code.
NANS chairman inside the stste, Axiz Huziafa Bello, wrote in a statement published yesterday in Kaduna that he was disagreed with JAMB.
Bello is a call for extension of electronic registration rather than for a student’s life risk to travel to the headquarters of the JAMB State.
On Monday released a news bulletin entitled Issues surrounding the 2021 UTME registration : An option available to genuine candidates who made an attempt but could not register, indicating that the organization has failed to show compassion for the hardship and the agony of candidates.
He appealed to prominent Nigeria pipo to prevail on the head of the JAMB to overcome pressures for students in the province of Nigeria as they endeavor to gain higher education and to develop demsef.
He urged his examination bodi to extend the period of registration and postpone his exam for justice and justice.