How was a dedicated body of a civil defence officer seen in a deep tomb?
The dead body of a woman officer working at the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC), which has been sought for 18 months, has been seen in a grave not deepened by Obi Local Government Area of Benue State.
Until then he was not seen again, Josephine Cynthia Inalegwu Onche, was working at the NSCDC office located in Otukpo.
Cynthia is Idoma, and Otukpo was to come, just missing when planning her marriage.
Some of her employees who did not want us to be named said her family members that they could not be found again when her marriage remained short days.
What is said to be that she is going to the market to buy things as she is preparing for her marriage but has not returned home since.
One of the offices of the deceased said that trying to get it, they did not see it until one okada man gave them the burry.
The okadaman told family members that he was killed by the boss who wanted to marry children and used him to do a rotual for money.
After the okadaman led family members and security forces to arrest the man, the man then led them to the father who performed the ritual in Obi local government, before he moved into South-West state.
When the husband and her herbalist were arrested by the police in Otukpo, the family members of the dead person were to leave the body of the burial and organise a burial for him on to June 1, 2021.
A call, or a reply to a message sent on the incident, DSP Catherine Anene, a spokesman of the Benue police, refused to carry it.
The spokesman of the NSCDC in the state, Asc Ejelikwu Micheal, at the time we met him, said he would speak at the right time.
But an insider said the news of the found person had again put sadness in the minds of the security people.
In the review of the constitution: MURIC said there had been Shariah in the SouthWest before Christianity entered into.
The Muslim Right Concern has asked the Penticostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) to stop opposition to Muslims, to mind them business.
The Director of MURIC, Professor Ishaq Akintola, said this on Sunday.
He stated this beyond the warning given by PFN that any group should not use the review of constitution by the Senate to bring shariah laws to south-west.
PFN and other Christian communities knew that there was a shariah in the south-west before Christianity entered into 1842.
Shariah was practised in Ede, during the time of Oba Abeeb Olagunju (Abbeb is a Muslim name) and
The Shariah court in Ede was still working until 1913, in Agbeni in the town.
He was taken to Agbongbon in 1914.
Shariah was used in Iwo during the time of Oba Momodu Lamuye (Muhammad Lamuye), who died in 1906.
Also, the nomba svevn Akirun of Ikirun, Oba Aliyu Oyewole (born 1912), took shariah into Ikirun in 1910.
These are all examples of existence and spread shariah in Yorubaland, and to the fact that the Christians are equally aware that the shariah was stopped in Yorubaland, where the Christian common law was impelled, Akintola said.
He said PFN and some other Christian communities are also aware that the Islamic movement is growing in the southwest, with fear that the sleeping giant has awakened to bring its belongings to it.
He said the Christians are aware that shariah is the right that Allah has taken to dash Muslims.
But they had decided not to be allowed to use it by Muslims, saying, this is the new way it would be used.
They had in mind that it was a war against Muslims, and that it was nothimg bad in war.
They use both good and bad ways to do what is in mind.
They have been calling on the Nigerian people to understand the mentality of the Christian people here.
As is the case for all who are quick to anger, they belief that attacking is the only way they can defend themselves.
Because they benefited from the colonial jaguda that reached a century then, they wanted to keep all the things that could be taken to them by colonial masters.
They had the intention of placing Muslims into the colonial territory where they were chased.
The joining body reviewing the constitution has called on Nigerians to write their demands into the constitution.
Each group should bring the necessary provisions.
Instead of telling the PFN collectively what the Christians want, they think that the Christians should not ask them to speak.
He was to be blocked by Muslims in the south, but it would not work.
Speaking that there is religious tolerance in the south, he said it is a lie, and it is said to put Yoruba the Muslims into slavery.
Muslims in the region are open-looking and demanding freedom.
We are demanding to stop being forced to wear Christian school uniform, to go to Christian school, to use Christian laws.
We want no shariah that cuts peoples but the shariah that regulates Muslim marriages, inheritance and family affairs.
This is not a matter for Christians at all.
We will use all the ways that will not cause violence, which follows the law, to do the thing, according to him.
stakeholders in Edo have said Obaseki is a party leader.
While the Peoples Democratic Party in Edo State has a crisis of who controls the party, members or Edo South of the party, the state governor, Godwin Obaseki and his deputy, Philip Shaibu has been said to be good.
Edo South PDP iside a communique issued at the end of the stakeholder meeting at the weekend in Benin city, saying Godwin Obaseki is the leader of the party in the state.
In the communiques read by the secretary, Wilson Evbuonwam, he said they supported the harmonization and integration of new people into the executive committee of the party, asking the state to develop welfare.
Those who are allegedly kidnapped in Abuja have been arrested by police.
The Police Command in the FCT has arrested eight suspected kidnappers at Shenegu-Tunga Maje, Gwagwalada, Kabusa village and Durumi axis of Abuja.
The spokesman of the command, ASP Maryam Yusuf, who spoke at a siddon in Abuja, said the suspects were Yakubu Ahmadu, Ibrahim Mallam Musa, and Bello Haruna.
She said the suspects were members of a syndicate which was also linked to the kidnap attempt on the Vice President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA).
Gwagwalada branch, Barrister David Aigbefoh.
She said the suspect was arrested during a coordinated intelligence operation by police personnel from the command anti-kidnapping squad at Shenegu mountain on the border of the FCT and Niger State.
She said the suspects had given good information on the activities they had done for their groups.
Yusuf subsequently said an arrested Nwite Jideofor which stage his kidnap from Durumi area, and the suspect confessed that he conive with people who came to kidnap him to collect up to 5 million from his sister as ransom.
She said some of the exhibited from the suspect were three dane guns, seven cutlas, one Honda Accord painted bleck, four mobile phones and other items, adding that they have been working on arresting other members of the fleeing group.
She said all the suspects would be brought to court during an investigation on welfare, warning the residents of the FCT, especially parents and guardians, to draw ears to their children against crime.
Suarez strike Atletico also win La Liga title
The goal of Luiz Suarez has led Athletico Mardrid to beat Real Valladolid 2-1 on Saturday, making the team a remarkable La Liga victory.
Suarez was crying at the beginning of the season seeking Barcelona to force him out, but as the season ended, his 21st goal of the season made Athleticoto win the first league since 2014, this one which was won ahead of Real Madrid.
Athletico knew if they would win the trophy regardless of what Madrid did for Villareal at home.
But it was not that it was comfortable, as Valladolid took early lead.
Real Madrid were also behind the game, before Karim Benzema equalised in the 87th minute, and Luka Modric scored a late winner in 2-1 at Valdebebas, which hanged Athletico for a long time, while it remained smaller to disperse the thing with just one goal.
When the final whistle was blown, players ran into the field, red and white shirt covered Suarez, seeking the closer title race, which was even unpredictable, had ended.
Suarez Zone
It was just over a week little.
This is the Suarez zone, coach Diego Simone said.
And that is how it proved that, while the Uruguayan scored the title holders in the hands of Athletico last week, they scored on the last day again to write names for trophy.
This is the second time in 17 years when another team apart from Barcelona or Real Madrid have won the league and Athletes have won the other one under Simeone in 2014.
Athletico started the game, said they were at the top of the table since December, and having scored two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna,
But the thhing was not easy for Athletico this season, with a 10-point lead in February, and the points were reduced to 2 in May, with a position as a nomba one in the table relying on sliding Real Madrid and Barcelona.
Therefore, it was no surprise that Valladolid, who was 19 at the table, was still patched.
A lot of Athletico fans had gathered in Valladolid Plaza Mayor to sing, and a lot of fans also arrived outside the stadium, where they left so that it would not have caused any problem.
Gulaks killing has caused people to shout.
People shout and mourn on Sunday as barrers were killed.
Ahmed Gullak, who was once an adviser to former presidents Goodluck Jonathan on political issues, by gunmen.
He was shot dead by supporters of Gulak in Obiangwu village while trying to board the Sam Mbakwe airport in Owerri, capital of Imo State, for attempting to board Abuja.
Yesterday evening, a funeral paryer for the politician from Adamawa was held in the national mosque in Abuja, after which his body was buried in the Gudu cemetary around 8pm.
Police personnel in Imo State said at least six of the suspects who killed the All Progressives Congress (APC) bosses have been killed following their fight.
A statement by the Police Public Relations Officer, SP Bala Elkana, said on 30 May, 2021, following a call from the police personnel that the terrorists had killed Ahmed Gulak, a special force for police personnel, which included the Intellingence Response Team (IRT), Police Mobile Force (PMF), and a tactical unit from the command was dispatched to Obiangwu junction, Ngorokpala LGA of Imo state.
The instructions were given to the team to capture the suspects and face justice.
The mot which was said to have been the people killed by Gulak has been suspended by his Imo police personnel since yesterday.
Those who were there speaking, especially the driver of the motorcycle in Gulak, who was heading to the airport, had described the people of the jaguda, and the kind of motorcycle that was driven out the jaguda.
It is said to have been a Toyota Camry model of 2005 which is silver colored by the jaguda people, with sienna which is 1998 medel and golden color.
Toyota Hilux, painted white, and a Lexus 330, painted gold.
(No registration number was placed as a matter of security)
Given the identity of the killer and the type of vehicle in which the attack was carried out, they later informed them how the killer personnel followed it.
With certain leadership, the team later established where the killer was present.
The suspects were arrested in Afor Enyiogugu, in Anoh-Mbaise local government area.
it was as the terrorists were dustributing onions contained in a trailer which they were confisticated and arrested.
It was full of onions in the trailer from Northern Nigeria.
On sighting the police personnel, the terrorists who were protecting fellow terrorists started shooting gun to the policemen,
The gallant and one that is ready for battle
Police officers also returned with gun shots.
The six terrorists who followed the killing and four other members of the group were seriously injured.
Three out of the four motorcycles attacked Gulak have been collected.
Three Ak47 riffle, one pistol, five AK47 magazines with 92 round of live amunation, and criminal charms were collected from them.
The terrorists were identified as members of the banished IPOB and ESN.
The late driver, Ahmed Gulak, and the surviving victim have identified the decomposing body of the IPOB/ESN members as they were attacked, and the car collected as the same vehicle used.
In the face to face with the terrorists, two armored personel carriers belonging to police officers were taken to gun scater but were not completely corrupted.
And The video made after the attack showed that Gulak was dressed in jean trouser and a blue shirt as he slepted in his own blood, near the abandoned car.
Gulak was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election which led to Hope Uzodinma as a representative of the party.
He is even said to be close to the governor, he is visiting the state welwel.
Why he is in Owerri
Though Gulak was said to have been visiting Owerri welwel since Uzodinma seized, it was to attend the public hearing of review of constitution conducted in the city to take it to the last time.
While the committee had concluded its sitting, Gulak sat back when other members of the committee were left the city on Friday.
A close member of the Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, who is the chairman of the public hearing held in Owerri, said the deceased private owned by Kalu was offered after the siddon, but he refused it.
According to the source, the Kalu team had left the city on the day the public hearing ended, but Gulak stayed back, saying there are things to do in the city.
The source said, We left Owerri the day the public hearing ended and asked him to join us in our private jet, saying we had enough security with us.
But he said there was something to do in the city.
Nigerians knocked on FG, and other politicians concerning the killing
Nigerians on social media also listened to federal government and political leaders over the killing.
A commentator on the Facebook link which carries the story published by Daily Trust, Ifeanyi Maduako, saying the death of Gulak was bitter and linked it with politics.
The killing bitter in my mouth welwell.
It seems that it was politics, and the people that did, let us open them.
The killing will expose people behind the security challenges in Imo State.
Who was the invite, and why would northerners be killed in Imo State?
I am frightening what will do innocent Imo people in some days in the hands of security forces controlled by the north, he wrote.
Another commentator of the thread, Olurombi Micheal Omo, said, While police reports have proven it to be a political killing, it was well to be investigated.
It is thimg that police personnel also have questions to nswer to.
In his own part, Comr Hassan Ahmad wrote that the soul of innocent people is more important than the scam called Unity for naija.
We will not accept this illiteracy, enof is enof, we are a peacemaker.
But doe who pushes us to meet the walls see that we cannot continue with the peace.
I am sending a warning, we will retaliate and it will worsen.
Buhari you have failed us woefully, and we have faced the Imo police personnel to follow the terrorist people.
Nasiru Inuwa also wrote that it was a wake-up call to the larger people in the north, starting with innocent Fulani herders, now they have become northern government offices, including prominent politicians.
The secretary of IPOB, Emma Powerful, who is not supported by the government, said in a statement that IPOB should not be linked to the murder of Gulak, the killing of politicians is not on the agenda of the collaboration.
Therefore, we said that the IPOB did not know anythimg about the incident.
Also begging, how Gulak threatens our mission warranted to kill him.
We didn't have anythimg with him, and we would not have killed him.
Pointing hand in IPOB for this barbaric act is just to divert attention away from the real people who did it.
Similarly, terrorists with their security uniform committed atrocities in the south east, and they would come to the IPOB for crime, because they wanted to undermine our reputation.
The opportunity they have been looking for for for a long time is to initiate another special military operation in the Eastern Region to take on more innocent Biafra people.
Instead of scurity people to do properly investigate on the incidents and causes, they have faced IPOB over unforced crimes.
Do IPOB have the informate in the movement of the late Gulak to stop it on airport road?
The group called on security forces to first investigate the host of Gulak, which is Hope Uzordinma, and his political opponent, to establish if they are involved.
The suspects who killed Gulak would not escape punishment.
President Muhammadu Buhari has said the people who killed Gulak and other problems in our country would not be allowed to disperse.
President Buhari, in a statement issued by a spokesperson, Garba Shehu, expressed outrage and disgust over the heinous murder.
The president, who has shown the incident to be sad, said: I am repulsed by the gruesome murder of Gulak, which is premeditated by evil people, who have been detrmined to tackle the peace, unity and teritorial integrity of our country.
I should warn that nobody, or even anyone doing such a despicable thing should expect to be freed.
We will use all we have to see that people who do such a calousy and criminal thing will face justice.
Gulaks killing is unacceptable, Akeredolu said.
Governor of Ondo State, Olwarotimi Akeredolu, described the news of the killing as shocking and disturbing.
In a statement signed by the Governor himself, he said this is too much murder, saying doing things is senseless and wicked.
The perpetrators of this kind are enmys of the country.
The corner-corner way is to mislead, confuse and destroy.
He has the unmistakable, despicable imprints of fifth columnists bent on setting the country on the path of conflagration.
criminals must not be allowed to succeed.
We want to use this medium to inform our brother, Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzordinma, that we are with him.
We urge him and other governors of South Eastern states to brace up confronting security challenges to end bloodbath for them.
The enemy of the people usually use weapons of fear to create disaffection.
The coward act was to instigate the Nigerian people in the face of each other, make northerners in the face of the Igbo people who live outside the South East.
We must face the enemy of the people to see that we leave power in their hands.
This is not a time to argue who is the best politician.
We are not meant to allow bandits to downplay the legitimacy of this government at all levels.
We are calling on all security personnel to collaborate to see how the criminals sponsoring and terrorist operatives are gone.
They must be severely punished.
Fintiri mourns
The Governor of Adamawa State, Umara Ahmadu Fintiri has said Gulak was shocked by the way he was killed and said he is a former speaker in Adamawa State.
Governor Fintiri said the death was painful, how wicked the people were.
Governor Fintiri said Late Gulak was a witty, determined, and practical politician, who as he rose was a result of his hardwork.
It is very unfortunate that the death has collected from us.
Hon Ahmed Gulak in a gruesome manner.
Gulak is a lively politic who works for everyone and always has the interests of the country in his mind.
Recalling his interaction with late Gulak, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri said he was a brother and a mentor, seeking a lawter, a human rights fighter.
Madagali community loses good son
In a statement released yesterday by Chief Press Secretary Hunwashi Wanisoukou in Yola, the governor said the country had losed one of the stronger persons fighting human rights.
We all remember how passionate he fought for the people sent out of the house by the insurgency jaguda, and those who had little means.
ACF condemned the killing
AFRICAN Consultative Forum (ACF) has condemned the killing of Gulak, which is said to be a huge loss for our country.
The ACF in a communique issued by the national publicity secretary, Emmanuel Yawe, said they were sad of hearing the killing of Gulak, described as a dynamic politician, and progressive politician who came out from north.
If you like it or not, that is your business.
May God bless and give his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to endure the losses.
The killing was part of the plan to repeat the coup of 1966 CNG.
The Coalition for Norther Groups (CNG) has described the killing of a northern politician Ahmed Gulak who was a former political adviser to former presidents Goodluck Jonathan, saying that there was something planned and all the attacks on police in the Southeast of Nigeria were to try to repeat the coup of 1966.
The CNg in a communique signed by the spokesman Abdul-Azeez Suleiman said it was why northern part of the country could not live with southeast as one country, alleged that the violent way of the Indigenous People of Biafra, the eastern Security Network (ESN), and other Igbo gangs funded has confidence, by every part of the Igbo society, both householders and the villagers.
Westham hope to get top-four has deteriorated with losing to Everton.
Westham hope to reach top-four has deteriorated because they were not playing a lot against Everton hoping to enter the European league on Sunday.
The goal of Dominic Caivert-Lewin in the 24th minute of their game shows that they have been determined to win Westham who have made mouth-off that they would score in that intense afternoon.
The closest to equalize was when Vladmir Coufal would shot the ball and eat a bar and Jerron Bowenno could not hit him back to post upon being in the goal post in front.
Those who support Vice President Yemi Osinbajo have shown that they are still back him as they showcase him as a presidential candidate for the coming elections.
Osinbajo said he didnt say he wanted to be president.
Vice President Osinbajo said all the few words that he intended to be president in 2023 Presidential Elections were distractions.
A unconfirmed story has been in town that Osinbajo is in the presidents post in the land.
Vice President, Laolu Akande, who spoke on Monday, said the vice president had not yet declared his interest in being president in a statement.
The Vice President's office has posted its eyes on a Website body.
supportosinbajo, which is called the Nigerian people to join a voluntary group to support Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, is preparing for the 2023 Presidential elections.
Details of the website and their appeals have been fulled of WhatsApp as well as the fact that Osinbajo has declared interest in the 2023 elections.
The Vice President's office does not have any connections with the group or the website that stands for it and believes that the whole thing is a necessary distraction.
Prof Osinbajo has not yet said he wants to be president in the 2023 elections, focusing on serving as the vice president of the current administration in the face of serious issues in the country.
We are asking our people to stop all these challenges, to face the challenges facing us as Nigerians, to do well for our people, to have peace and prosperity in our land, the statement said.
Ndidi and Iheanacho have again made Nigeria proud in Leicester City playing by taking the countrys flag on display as their teams won the FA Cup.
NFF congratulates Ndidi Iheanacho for the FA Cup victory in Leicester City
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF)
Mr Amaju Melvin Pinnick, has sent a messenger to congratulate Super Eagles Middfielder Wilfred Ndidi and Forward Kelechi Iheanacho for their wins in Leicester City against popularly hyped Chelsea on Saturday.
FA Cup final in England.
The two were at the marches at Wembley and were celebrated after the marches with the Nigerian flag by joining the list of the other seven Nigerian Players who had taken the England Cup.
I am very happy with Ndidi and Iheanacho.
They performed greatly in Leicester City throughout the campaign and both they and their team deserved the honor.
I believe this win would work as a high morale for them during the friendly match we want to play this summer and the FIFA World Cup which is to start in September.
I am also happy with the Nigeria Flag which both sides celebrated when everything was over.
That was awesome.
Ndidi and Iheanacho are now the second pair of Nigerians who celebrated the FA Cup wins in England, following Nwankwo Kanu and John Utaka who won the Portsmouth win over Cardiff in 2008.
Before that, Daniel Amokachi had won the Everton in 1995; Celestine Babayaro also won the Chelsea in 2000, Kanu for Arsenal in 2002 and John Mikel Obi for Chelsea in 2007.
After Kanu/Utaka victory in 2008, John Mikel Obi again won the Chelsea in 2009, 2010 and 2012, Alex Iwobi won the Arsenal in 2017, Victor Moses also joined them in 2018.
While at the Federal Government College of Enugu in the early 70s, I was using a train pass to transport myself from Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokovic warm up for Roland Garros with Belgrade title
Novak Djokovic has completed his warm-up with success at Roland Garros when he beat Slovakian Alex 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday in the final of the ATP Clay tournament in Belgrade.
This is the second event in the city over a month when the fans came, not like the Serbia Open which took place in April when the stadium was dryed.
Djokovic said he has been playing for a long time in the peoples front, a Belgrade player who lost the semifinals in the Serbian Open where he was the last victory in 2011.
The herder-farmer misadventure in Nigeria has become a reality that is being revealed daily in the news.
Ending Nigeria's herder-farmer problem: The Livestock reform plan
Nigerias federal and state governments are struggling to implement a National Livestock Transformation Plan to control cattle movements across the country to turn into herders and farmers fight.
It has been endorsed by several state governments but faces some challenges.
Political leadership that works well, perception about its unjust purpose, increased budget constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic, experts who are not in place to do the work and constant insecurity, block the progress.
If the plan fails like the other plans to modernise livestock management, the farmers and herders fight increases.
National Economic Council approved that in January 2019, the plan was to represent the effort to understand beyond examining the livestock system that is not working properly.
The main part of the strategy is to be able to control where grazing occurs, in order to reduce the fight between herders and farmers.
The movement hopes that after 10 years, herders who go up and down will mainly be interested in placing their cattle in ranch and reserve for public grazing, where breeding farms and other mechanised livestock management will support the production of the sector.
By the end of 2028 the authority intends to have built about 119 ranches in all the states involved to create about two million jobs in the livestock production, processing and market chain.
The President Muhammadu Buhari-led administration made the plan after a period where herders and farmers were fighting, particilarly during the fight to much and affected people in the ghetto in 2018.
The Federal Government intending to drop funds that constitute about 80 percent of the Transformation proposal submitted by the states involved is taking the first step to practice its plans, including technical support to help states prepare for commencement work, such as field surveillance and site mapping.
Several states have been reactivating demarcated grazing reserve, opening offices, and setting up steering committees to manage the plans together.
The authorities have been doing workshops and other works to teach people the benefits of livestock reform.
With two years out of the 10-year plan, they have not been able to build any ranch and their obstacles, many.
There is also the opposition from the herders, though mostly from the Fulani people, among the farmers who do not want pastolists to enjoy the benefits of the plan, also distorting the reform effort.
Middle-belt distrust increases, where clashes between farmers and herders exponentially cause land, even though peacemaking and military efforts since 2018 have reduced the shed blood.
Shortage in federal and state government budgets, largely because of the economies deteriorated due to the pandemic, and because the country has no technical experts who know how to manage ranches and grazing reserve
In many states, especially in the North-West, the growth of criminal gangs and armed groups undermine access to grazing reserves and distorts those who want to invest in advance.
Unless some is done about it, this problem and others can delay or deteriorate the plan, which will make the country a helpless when the struggles between farmers and herders are far greater than before it can eventually turn a struggle between ethnic groups, regions and religions.
To tackle this problem, it will be important for the federal and State authorities to engage in making efforts with the help of donors and investors.
First, Abuja and other states that support it should provide stronger political leadership, and enhance their communication with the public, in order to undermine doubt and misunderstanding of the plan.
This is the most common case with pastoralists, who will ask them to change their nomadic lifestlye with their people for centuries, who have serious doubts that the plan promised about pasture is false.
But many farmers are afraid of losing their land to livestock producers.
Many of the middle-belt and other states in the South still suspect the plan long-term goals, which are being seen as an opportunity for herders and the Fulani people.
With the support from Abuja and other partners, state governments need to find experts who will know technical aspect of things, especially those who will manage the ranch and grazing reserve, dairy production and meat processing.
The federal and state governments should also increase their budgets for the plan, quickly release the funds and create financial transparency to ensure everything is accounted for, working with donors and necessary investors.
It is also important to deal with insecurities in rural areas, curb impunity and rehabilitation communities seriously affected by the fight in the participating states.
Authorities must consider climate change issues to decide if herders from other countries sometimes benefit from the plan too.
As some of these steps take time, then, make the planning centers on how they can bring strong results, which can be seen in a short period of time.
less than two years from now, the country will hold general elections.
If the plan survives the change of government to follow, politicians have to bring a proof that clearly benefited (Change is certain, as president Buhari and many state governors will no longer be able to compete as they have served two term)
By the time the election campaign is hot in the 2022 end, the sides of the plan should be able to show some of the built ranches or the repaired reserve, strong donor and investors commitment and the first group of people trained to be professional in Livestock management.
Nothing for this thing is easy but the plan is worth the effort.
Not only is it imperfect, but it brings an important opportunity, an opportunity to change Nigerias livestock system with a strategy to address the needs both herders and smallholder farmers.
About 70 percent of the people working in Nigeria are earned from Agriculture.
Modernising the Livestock sector will boost the countrys prosperity and at the same time, it is a great way to solve one of Nigerias dangerous challenges.
In time for the 2023 elections, both federal and state authorities will have to do so quickly to see what they are doing or otherwise all their work to create such moments of opportunity will deteriorate.
This is an executive summary of the report on the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) and how their work went fast, published by the International Crisis Group.
What problem I have with the king?
Do you not agree?
They are responsible for the very high proportions of food and crops production.
Subsistence farmers are the smallholders who consume the majority of their farming output that has been holed back to not actively participate in commercial oriented agriculture by a variety of constraints.
no energy for anyone who is not happy for me.
I have it.
this brought me to the conclusion that everyone was evil.
This system has been characterised as complex, diverse and risk-prone.
Farms are usually small, they do them under traditional or informal tenure, and they are marginally risk-prone environments.
Yields are low and farmers lack the capacity to increase yields
We spoke of life and prosperity in this day.
Whatever yours
The emphasis is on agricultural productivity, production enhancement and commercialising farming as an enterprise.
I know everythimg
Akpos and his friends sit-down
The yields of the smallholder farmers are profitable.
You are here.
These challenges have led to many smallholder farmers to pursue lower-risk livelihoods and lower-yielding agricultural activities.
Are you a witch?
I am on my way to sabo and go to buy food enough.
Let me call my father
As developing countries grow larger, richer, and more urban, the intensification of agricultural production will occur in rapidly changing agri-food value chains.
I am so far sup that I am here.
This development is shifting the competitive advantage away from petty farmers.
It is important that we find solutions to the problem.
This requires an intergrated approach to methodologies.
The loan sharks have been on him.
This is a thing.
I was sent to errand at work.
The water flooded the entire farm.
Many battles for farmers in 2020
For many farmers and other stakeholders in the agro-sector, the year 2020 would remain as one of the worse years in the history of Nigeria because it introduced new dynamics that millions of smallholder farmers would contend with.
Several challenges have been confronted by the agricultural sector that is ranging from the issues climate change-related, conflicts and the complications exacerbated from the global COVID-19 pandemic, which brought to pain and heartbreak to farmers and agribusiness players.
First, the COVID-19 lockdown and restrictions occurred at the time dry season farmers should harvest their crops and wet season farmers should begin cultivation.
Many farmers cannot go to their farms while others with labourers harvest their farms since mechanization is a huge challenge and manually harvest is the problem.
Movement restrictions have been introduced to curb the spread in the coronavirus locked-down markets that have disrupted the rural economy.
Many farmers cannot sell their produce that will enable them to buy seeds and fertiliser, pay labourers/tractor services.
Even when the lockdown is lifted in the agricultural sector, the price of fertiliser is on the rise so much that many smallholders cannot afford it.
In some places the prices have risen to N13,000 in a bag of Indorama and Notore Urea.
NPK 15-15-15 rose to N25,000 when the federal government NPK20-10-10, under the presidential fertiliser initiative, which is meant to be sold to farmers at N5,500 was unavailable in many places and areas where the price rose to N7,000 and was higher than this in some places.
For farmers in Zamfara, Katsina, southern kaduna, some parts of Kebbi and Sokoto states, bandits activities not only denied access to their farms but the men also killed many in their farms.
Many farming communities were razed down.
Kidnappers and Demand for ransom
Many people pay large sums of money or surrender large portions of their harvest to the bandits.
Many villages in those states have been desolated.
The agric sector witnessed one of the worst disasters when one of the worst disasters when flood wipe out 450,000 hectares of rice and maize fields estimated at over N3.5 billion in Kebbi, Sokoto and Kano states.
Most of the farmers affected are yet to be compensated as their livelihood is destroyed.
The flood has worsened since the 2012 disaster that wrecked havoc across most of Nigeria's coastal and flood-prone areas that kill people and washed away farmlands.
Meanwhile, while the flood hurt the hearts of farmers in the north, drought confronted farmers in the south.
Within two months, farmers were not joyful but watched how their investments in crops were withering away.
Not disgusted.
Another subsector whom the thing hit badly is poultry and feeds.
The scarcity of maize at the beginning has caused prices to increase.
It has also forced a poultry association in Nigeria to send our soul appeal to the federal government for urgent atention.
The federal government responded to the appeal and released 5,000 metric tons of maize from the nations strategic reserve for farmers in addition to granting some of the big players licenses for importing about 222 metric tons of maize to increase the shortfall in the feed industry.
However, this is a just short-term solution because three months after the scarcity of soyabean struck, the farmers expressed fear that by January 2021, the industry would shut down completely.
The scarcity resulted in a serious feed crisis in the industry as prices reached the high record in its history as it rose from N2,600 in February to about N5,500.
The poultry industry has lost an estimate of N7 million jobs with figures projected at N10 million by January 2021 where the loss of investments is conservatively estimated at about N1.5 trillion.
While the poultry farmers are still struggling with the challenges that mar the sector, the crop farmers despite the daunting challenges that confronted the sector in the 2020 farming year, had buyers right up to their farms even before harvest to make bulk purchase arrangements.
This is the first time the price of grain has failed to decline in harvest time, sparking fear of hunger and the calls to reopen the border, which will enable influx on products smugled through the countrys porous borders.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower.
3,000 youths will benefit from NALDA's farm estate in Ebonyi
The National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA) has said the agency would engage at least 3,000 youths in Ebonyi state in its proposed intergrated farm estate in the state.
The intergrated farm estate will be completed and commissioned by October this year.
The executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, who announced this on Tuesday, said the proposed integrated farm estate would be established on 104 hectares of land adopted by the state government.
Prince Ikonne, who is also in Ebonyi state, at a courtesy visit to the governor on Monday, Engr David Umahi, said the intergrated farm estate would be completed in October 2021.
This is the mandate of Mr President, that we should reactivate abandoned farms and develop new ones for security.
the Governor of Ebonyi State is eager
He was in total support of achieving his dreams.
Thus, Ebonyi state is committed to working with NALDA to engage the teeming youths into full agricultural productivity.
It has been seen that the governor has keyed into Mr Presidents agenda related to achieving food security in the country.
We establish an intergrated farm estate in Ebonyi state as we do it in other states.
The scheme will engage Nigerians and draw their attention to agriculture.
From Jude Owuamanam (Owerri), Lami Sadiq (Kaduna), Bola Ojuola (Akure), Abdullateef Salau, Muideen Olaniyi, Abbas Jimoh & Idowu Isamotu
New Niger President in Niger Republic has shook hand in terrorist eye over committed crimes.
Niger Republic new boss President Mohammed Bazoum has been involved in terrorists barbaric act passed the limit after he came on board on Friday in a country facing two jihadist insurgencies.
Bazoum said the groups were killing many innocent people and by that, they were committing real war crimes.
He said the leadership of the groups came from other countries, and they were attacking Niger in no way.
No terrorist leader has had any anguish with the country, he said.
Bazoum, 61, was elected for two rounds in December and February.
The right hand of Mahamadou Issoufou, 68, stepped down by himself after soending two foveer term in office.
Its inauguration was the first time elected leaders handed hand in hand to each other in Niger history for over 60 years of independence, but the attacks from jihadists and certain plans to do coup have distorted the celebration.
Niger suffered from an insurgency close to Al-qaeda or Islam State (IS), which was penetrated west from Burkina Faso and Mali, and from Nigeria as Boko Haram penetrated from the southeast.
Over 300 have been killed in three attacks in the west since the start of this year.
The latest was when 141 members of the Tuareg community were killed on March 21, in Tahoua, a massive desert that entered Mali.
Bazoum disclosed the effort of Niger Rebuplic under him as the presido would focus on Mali.
He said the current situation in Mali has a direct impact on security in their country.
Insurgents linked to IS are based in Menaka and Gao, eastern and central Mali, Bazoum said.
He said it would be very difficult to fight as far as Mali as a country is not fully charged over the regions.
Early in the hours of Wednesday, after the gun duel near the presidency in Niamey, the government said the proposed coup had been suspended.
He described the thing as an act of a coward and regressive treath to democracy and state of the law.
The West African country has suffered four coup, the latest which happened in February 2010 and removed President Mamadou Tandja.
Google says they might leave Australia
Google has threatened to leave the search engine in the country, as the country has asked them to share benefits with publishers of the news.
Australia intends to introduce a law which is the first of its kind as it urges Google, Facebook, and other tech companies to pay newsmen for their additions.
But the companies in the US have been fighting back, warning that they could leave their services in the country.
Australian Prime Minister, Scott Morrison said Lamakers would not listen to any threats.
Although Australia is not one of the biggest markets by Google, the proposed news code might be a global test of how governments would begin to regulate big tech firms.
This code in Australia will tie for Google and Facebook to negotiate with publishers over the worth of their news contents if they may not reach agreements at the beginning.
The Managing Director of Google in insde Australia, Mel Silva, told a senate siddon on Friday that the law would not work.
She said if this type of version of the code is passed to become law, Google will have no choice but to move out in Australia.
But lawmakers attacked him, saying it was a blackmail and a bully Google to do in Australia to raise the reform.
It will count everywhere in the world.
Are you going to come in every market, you going out?
Senator Rex Patrick asked if the precedence is to be stopped.
Silva replied that the code is a risk that is not tenable for operations in Australia.
Morrison said his government was committed to making the law progress through parliament this year.
Let me say clearly: Australia is the rule of what you can do in Australia.
We are doing that in our parliament, as he told newsmen on Friday.
Why is Australia pushing for such a law?
Google is the dominant search engine in Australia and the government has described as an essential utility that does not really have any market competition.
The government argument is that because the tech giant has customers among people who want to read news, they should pay an amount that is good to newsroom for journalism.
In addition, they argued that the financial support was necessary or embattled news industry because strong media is vital to democracy.
According to the Government, print media in Australia has suffered a 75% reduction in money since 2005.
It is the most tough thret by Google that they are going to remove the entire cycle engine.
The lawmaker said news accounts only for 12.5 per cent of the searches made by Google in Australia.
Poultry farmers are begging to begin importing animal grades maize and soya meal.
General Secretary in the South West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN), Dr Olalekan Odunsi, has called on the government to facilitate importation of animal grade maize and soya meal.
Odunsi said importation could save the poultry business from collapse.
He said the importation of feed grade maize would sustain the over 500 million layers, 100 million broilers, 1 million breeders and other classes of poultry until next harvest.
He also urged governments, in the main time, not to be allowed to export processed soya, seed and soya bean meal.
He appealed to the governors of the region to pursue efforts in the production of maize as they do in the production of rice.
Odunsi insisted that maize farmers, soya bean farmers and the remaining in Nigeria needed collaboration to take action.
He said if government does not intervene, there would be scarcity and hish prices of maize and soya threatens another five million poultry jobs if government does not do anything about it.
Today, maize is sold at 210,000/MT in most states in the South West, soya bena at 240,000/MT.
As important as both items are, the price for poultry feed is just increaese from N2750 to N3000 in April N2020 to N4850 to N5300 now.
In December, most farmers could not sell them broilers because the cost of production had passed the ordinary Nigerian could.
At the moment, eggs have been more than the average customer can buy, the price is around 1,300.
So we really need government intervention to save the remaining ten million jobs in the poultry value chain for the economy.
As he said.
Responding to Buhari F.C.E. has been suspended.
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has suspended the member of the House of Representatives representing Kazaure federal constituency in Jigawa State, Muhammad Gudaji Danbaffa for six months.
In addition, a panel of seven members was formed to probe the allegations of insurbordination charged with the members, plus make recommendations within ten days.
The committee is headed by Hamza Dand, as secretary is Sanusi Kaaure.
During the suspension of the lawmaker, the chief chairman of the local government, claimed that while the decision was made to suspend Godaji, it was initiated by his constituent members in the Kazaure Yama ward, and the local government also handed it.
Our correspondent reports that the lawmaker was suspended because he was accused of criticising the governor, saying the governor would change the candidate wanted for the just voted chaimanship and councilorship primaries.
Serena croises past teenager Pigato in Parma Wta.
Serena Williams was a brush asides the challenge of local teenager Lisa Pigato in the opening round of the WTA tournament in Parma on Monday.
Williams, the world's nomba, was beaten Pigato, ranked 572 and making her WTA debut 6-3, 6-2, at the first meeting between the two.
How North-Central govs can optimise open grazing ban from South APC leaders
While open grazing controversy is trending into a public domain hit by Southern governors by ban during their meetings in Asaba, the president, Farmers Empowerment Association of Nigeria (FEAN), as well as Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC) North-Central Forum in FCT, Honourable Obaje David, has examined how the North-Central governors can respond to the ban.
Recently, the governors of Southern states met in Asaba, Delta State, and open grazing was banned to cut farmers-herders crisis including other forms of criminality.
What do you take on the controversy generated by this decision?
Every human being has a right to action and opinion.
But most importantly, once you take your own actions, there will be consequences.
You should be able to consider the advantages and disadvantages.
I am not one of those to say is good or bad.
As a Nigerian, it is your right and freedom to live everywhere in the country with good faith and enjoy the freedom of association.
On this basis, I will not say that is good to you.
But as a leader in the North Central, I will say that it is good, especially in the North Central zone, because of the potential economic benefits for us and the nation.
The ban is a advantage to us.
We need to key into it and see how we can make it a real venture and make money from it.
Luckily for us, we have a landmass that is sufficient to accommodate the herders, no matter what nomba is troops from the South to the North Central.
What is your position regarding open grazing?
I am not one of those who support open grazing.
I believe more in ranching because I am doing it.
I believe that if we begin to ranching, it will work out for us.
Let the governors in North Central allow the national programme on ranching.
Such move might make Nortj Central the most cattle area, where people can purchase cattle and some allied products.
It will also become a means of economic empowerment for the northern central people.
We have the land they may not have in southern states.
See in Kogi, Niger, Kwara, among other states.
We then gave the herder people house and ranch to be our own advantage.
The challenges associated with the Fulani herders were not because they refused to adopt ranching.
The problem is that they were not really educated on the advantage.
Their culture is nomadic.
As aresult, they need adequate education to accept ranching.
We can also adopt the method in Kenya, where almost all families have cattle, but you cannot still see open grazing, as there is enough cattle.
That is what the southern governors are saying.
The governors are not indicating where they belong in this regard.
There is no call for ranching or a call for federal government to intervene.
What they are saying is that the herders people have become a problem for us, and they should leave.
Herders are said to be applied for land, and that herding is a personal business.
But have they been asked to apply for land like the herders?
As one of the drivers of youth empowerment, especially in agriculture and value chain, why some government policies do not really work, what is the way out?
First, no other administration has been able to touch the lives of an individual like one of President Muhammadu Buhari, who can you sit in your home without chaos and apply on an facility and get it.
There are also some credit facilities known as COVID-19 loans.
Many Nigerians have been collecting the loan for hundreds of thousands of naira from their homes without sating to offices.
Also, with the expansion of some SMEs such as the Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOA) and a host of others.
The challenge is, we have two sides, those who believe you and those who do not believe.
Therefore, for those who do not believe in the administration of Buhari, there is no benefit.
But for us who believe in Buhari, we are benefiting from it and we are thankful for it.
Kidnappers have killed driver, arrested 13 in Nasarawa
Kidnappers have killed Adamu Usman, bringing 13 people near Shafa-Abakpa -Umaisha road to Toto Local Government Council of Nasarawa State.
Daily Trust learnt that he was shot three times in his abdomen and died around 9pm at the university Teaching Hospital in Abuja where both he and another shooting driver, Atahiru Abukwo, were treated together.
Another driver who narrowly escaped the attack, Ibrahim Saidu, said the incident occurred at Ogund 5pm on tuesday, when several kidnappers with AK47 came from inside a bush to waylay four motos from Ugya village.
According to him, the kidnappers waylayed the vehicle and shot at a motorcycle carrying people from Ugya to Abaji.
He said the kidnappers surrounded the vehicle after drivers lost control drive into the bush.
13 passengers including a young woman were taken into the bush after pointing gun to them.
In fact, you are driving behind the four motos, and I was rescued from God to take someone into one of the villages.
As I came to him I heard they were shooting, I turned back.
The Ohimegye of Opanda-Umaisha, His Royal Majesty (HRM), Usman Abdullahi, says some bandits remaining in the forest are responsible for kidnapping of travelers, residents and some farmers in the area.
He said some bandits were still remaining and terrorising the community, and appealed to both state and federal governments to collaborate and flush them out.
In contact with the spokesman of the Nasarawa State Police Command, ASP Ramhan Nansel, who said he was yet to be informed about the latest kidnap incidents, said he would follow the Divisional Police Officer in the Toto Local Government Area and react to newsmen.
Man nabbed in Lagos for following one way
The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of one Victor Ebhomenyen seeking his drive to follow a way at Four Point Hotel, Oniru in Lagos State.
Ebhomenyen was also said to have assaulted and caused severe injury at ASP Erhator Sunday body at Four Point Hotel, Oniru, Lagos.
This was contained in a communique signed by Lagos Police Command spokesman CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi.
He said the command tniked that the record straught concerning should be set.
The incident recorded in online video on social media came to viral on Saturday April 17.
He said two men were assaulted ASP Erhator Sunday, a duty officer, and a scene created on the road at Oniru, Victoria Island, Lagos State.
Adejobi said the prime suspect, Victor, had entered into police network at the State Criminal Investigation Department Panti, for investigation and prosecution as and when due.
He said the command is making efforts to arrest the accused person, Etinosa.
Gbajabiamila welcomes Ayade defect as PDP urges members to stay united.
The Speaker in the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, has shown delight that the Governor of Cross River State, Prof. Ben Ayade, defect took into the All Progressives Congress (APC), saying the party is open to everyone.
Gbajabiamila in a statement Thursday by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, said Ayade's actions showed that APC is the party to beat in the country.
The Speaker said the Cross River State governor had made the right decision and set a good example for the remaining one to follow.
He said the ruling party remained open to all and called on Nigerians to join the APC to move the country forward.
The speaker said the APC would continue to be fair and fair to all its members.
Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), while reacting to the defect of Ayade, urged members in Cross River State to stay united.
In a statement issued by the party spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan, our party calls on all critical stakeholder and teeming members of our party in Cross Rivers State to immediately pull together and ensure that all structures of our party in the state remain intact.
The PDP wishes Governor Ayade well in his new political move as well as in his future endeavours.
The Forensic Bill of the National Assembly: Relevant to Buhari's fight against corruption
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on Wednesday 19th.
May 2021 at the House of Representatives and Tuesday 2nd
March 2021 for the Senate made history when it passed into law, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill, 2021 (SB.615 and HB.
791), after reading it at the Third Time for both Chambers (SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE).
This act represents a clear demonstration of the patriotism and a direct response of the Targeted National Assembly, including strengthening and re-invigorating national frontiers in the fight against fraud, corruption and cybercrimes, which have entered into our country and welcomed.
By passing this bill, the 9th Assembly under the distinguished and able leadership of His Excellency, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, PhD, CON and Rt Hon Femi Gbajabiala have clearly shown that they have taken legislative roles in mind, as it is in the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999, as it was amended.
And these also attests the fact that the National Assembly has awoken to the performance of their complementary role with other arms of government in the fight against corruption.
It is with a happy heart and with a deep sense of gratitude that I write this, which has been put together as a platform for us to let Nigerians and indeed the whole world know what the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria is all about and the unique concept we are bringing on board in order to complement national efforts in its quest to ride the country of corruption, fraud and Cyber-Crimes and other related crimes.
After the Senate passed the Bill, and given that it is operating a bi-cameral Legislature, the House of Representatives is always ready and resilient, under the able leadership of His Excellency, Rt.
Femi Gbajabiamila, the Hon.
The speaker also followed the action and passed the Bill on Wednesday 19 May, 2021.
As you may have heard earlier, the Bill to establish the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (CIFIPN) is one of the bill titled NO to in the National Assembly.
The sad thimg is that people who are supposed to participate in the fight against corrupt move in Nigeria to attack the bill, they have turned into enemies of common ood.
A good thing is a good thing, no substitute; just as a bad thing is.
No matter how long it takes, good will always prevails over bad just as the light superior over darkness remains constant and unquestionable.
It is important that we should consider a bit of how it happened in the National Assembly.
Interestingly, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (Est) Bill 2021 (CIFIPN) was passed into law by the 9th Senate on the 2nd day of March, 2021 as it went beyond the legislative processes of 1st Reading, 2nd Reading and eventually in the 3rd Reading on the 2nd March, 2021 Senate passed the Bill into law with a voices when it considered the urgent need for the noble legislation, of course it did not happen without a lot of th bolunderts from detractors that do not stop at any length to see that any legislation that will help the administration led by Buhari to fight corruption could not see a light of day senate standwell and see through it.
It is very important for the public to know that (CIFIPN) is not just a noble body but a new one in Nigeria targeted to bridge the gap that has remained for a long time in the forensics space.
Today, the move to have a standard body that will regulate the practice of forensics in Nigeria in its peak and make Nigerians rise to challenge the few anti-government bodies who may intend to sabotage this step.
This bill, passed by the National Assembly, shows that it is clearly demonstrated that it is patriotic and the need to strengthen national efforts against corruption, which has been blocking development in every aspect of our national life.
This positive step in legislation, taken by the two Chambers of the National Assembly, is historic and symbolic, and takes place at a time Nigeria needs legislation welfare.
that will provide a better way for his anti-corruption drive as the spate of criminals and corrupts has emerged across the globe.
As we are all aware, crime has entered another level as science and technology has improved in the 21st Century.
Therefore, as the bill has been passed and achieved at a better time, it is clearly demonstrated that we have a flexible and responsive legislature that knows what is happening in the world and is on the basis of a legislation to meet the directive and directive of the Nigerian people.
It should also be said that the journey in the contents of passing the bill to turn to law, has commenced since the 8th National Assembly, where Distinguished Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan Ph.D, CON the current Senate President sponsored our bill, when he was a senate Leader, because it is important to the anti corruption move of this admiistration.
For a better understanding, when we introduced our bill into the two chamber during the 8th Assembly, a public hearing carried on everyone along into the chamber.
Thereafter, and despite the opposition from a minority stakeholders led by the Institute of Chatered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), the National Assembly passed the bill in view of its significance and the role of the party in the fight against corruption.
Afterward, the bill was forwarded to Master President, but it was not handed before the 8th Assembly was dissolved in June 2019.
On this stregth the bill abck was brought on the 9th National Assembly, Distinguished Senator Abdullahi A. Yahaya, the current Leader of the Senate, in view of the importance of the bill.
We are pushed to make this clarification in order to clear the air on the cheap propaganda by distracting people saying the 8th Assembly had rejected our bill.
It is also to mention the fact that our bills have been mistaken with abother similar bills just introduced in both the Senate and the House of Represntative Chambers.
These bills, after we have scrutized them closely, we discovered that they just imitated our intentions and the purpose of our bills.
We should draw to hear that any of the bills were not introduced into the 8th Assembly, only our bills.
As such, we are the first to carry such big bills (Forensic)
As we have seen, it is urgent to establish such a great institute.
The institute was decided to establish after it studied how it operated in other jurisdictions and how it has been helped crime detection, investigation and prosecution.
It is part of the instruction to inform us that our institute has been in operation since 2009.
And over the years, and over the years, we have trained professionals to know forensic science technology, targeted at inculcating the requisite skills in the pragmatic areas of forensic investigation and management, to:
forensic analysis to eliminate material misstatements, either by error or fraud; voice recognition analysis; fingerprint/signature analysis; digital forensic and cybersecurity; crime scene investigation; global anti-corruption compliance and enforcement; litigation support, forensic investigation capacities, preparation of forensic reports, fraud risk management, corporate fraud analysis, fraud prevention, detection and investigation etc.
You would follow me to reason that in the countrys world today, the normal way we investigate crime is by saying that we want to stop it becoming something old.
Therefore, as a country to do somethimg that is meantime in this regard, it is paramount that we should adhere to global trends and innovations, which have been put on the ground to combat corruption.
It is in such a way that we reason to establish this Institute with a very objective that is relevant to the anti-corruption agenda of this administration.
I have little time to talk about everything in the bill here.
However, I want you to allow me to mention few of what the Bill will do, in the purpose of this statement, as it is like this:
that we should establish a Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals in Nigeria to develop and train professionals in this specialised field with systemic and professional examination and certification to give better skills in the use of science and technology in fraud detection, investigation and detection;
To provide a platform for training and retraining professionals on the use of Forensic Science and Technology tools and techniques to investigate fraud in both the public and private sectors of the economy, as they do everywhere;
To promote high professional standards, ethics and etiquettes among people doing the, in a bid to cut fraudulry and corruption, and as well developed a mechanism for fraud prevention, as a proactive measure against corruption generally;
To fill the huge vacuum existing in our normal system of old-fashioned investigation with the introduction of a unique operation of forensic science to help the country from expending its scarce foreign exchange to hire foreign expatriates to do forensic investigations in Nigeria;
To develop broad-based mechanisms and training programmes that will cut across all strats of our investigation architecture, involving professionals such as Lawyers, Criminologists, Security Experts, Judicial Officers, Court Registrars, and Economists.
This will enhance effective and efficient disposition of cases as they are being taken globally; and
To enhance an anti-fraud mechanism in Nigeria, through the provision of a legal framework for professional development and discipline of forensic and investigative professionals in Nigeria, among others.
From the foregoing, it has shown that the role of this institute is strategic and important.
It is also important to say forensic science is a very wide range of fields that involve many others and requires effective and efficient regulation for attaining and sustaining high levels of professionalism and ethical standards.
The broad spectrum of the scope and focal points of the institute, includes but not only forensic toxicology; forensic investigation; forensic auditing; digital forensics and cybercrimes, forensic autopsy; forensic law; forensic accounting; forensic nursing; forensic pathology; forensic engineering; forensic psychology; forensic DNA analysis; forensic anthropology; forensic linguistics; forensic deontology; forensic dentistry; forensic archeology; forensic graphology, forensic entomology, etc.
Accordingly, you will agree that our Institute has introduced unique concepts into crime detection and investigation that followed international best practices.
The concept beyond myopic people thimg about our bills has covered a sense of thingkin, due to narrow-mindedness and inordinate desire to monopolise a system, which has passed jurisdiction and scope of operation.
On a lighter note, I would draw the attention of everyone to the funny scenario that is playing out now, and as a matter of fact, it should be a source of concern for all good Nigerians.
Introduction of the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (ICAN) Bill on the 8th National Assembly, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), came out with anger to oppose the passage because according to them, it is a unnecessary duplication of function by the institute.
However, as our bill has been introduced again in this 9th National Assembly, and as we have seen the overwhelming and accelerated legislative support given to our bill by the two Chambers, ICAn has realized that forensic science is a uniques field of practice, and as we speak, similar Bill has been brought to the House of Representatives, as they have failed wofully in their attempts to stop the passage of our bill.
One may ask, what has changed between now and in the past, where the ICAN has the view that any other institute should not regulate the practices of forensic science?
Your answer is the same as my.
I would also like to inform you that the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), is also part of this episode.
which was initiated and promoted by ANAN; just as the ICAN counterpart has also been introduced a bill in the House of Representatives which is in line with the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Certified Fraud Examiners of Nigeria Bill, initiated by ANAN, and promoted it.
I decided to disclose all the facts that made Nigerians and even an international community to understand the extent to which some might say they should aim.
However, this development does not disturb us at all, because we believe above credibility and ability of the National Assembly and also in the Presidency to do the right thing, not into manipulation in any way, with these unnecessarydistractions, not into making a mockery of doing something whole.
ICAN is the practical and antagonist of this bill and the reasons are clearly seen now.
Several bystanders were engaged in writing petitions, even targeting the leadership in the Senate, and it sounded like a bleckmail.
Failing in the Senate, the antagonist shifted attention to the House of Representatives with the same bystanders as they just wrote many publications.
and again, they failed.
ordinarily according to a legislative procedure, a bill passed by the Senate requires only concurrence by the House except when observation.
But in the case of the CIFIPN Bill, the opposers fighted it until a reality victory on 19 May, 2021 passed by the House of Representatives through the Bill establishment of the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria for Effective Regulation, Registration of Members and Determination of what the Standards Knowledge and Skill to Be a rigistered member must have and Qualify to Practice as Forensic and Investigative Professionals; and in Related Matters (HB. 791)
ICAN has registered their Bill in the title House of Representatives (REPEALING AND RE-ENACTMENT OF ICANS ACT.
The new bill by ICAn has a containing full provision for practising forensic, including the establishment of a forensic university in Nigeria, and without it, nobody can practise forensics in Nigeria, and anyone violating it will get imprisoned for some years.
This wants to be strange to hear in a country with a lot of oepn-looking people.
What made me happy is that Nigeria is not a Banana Republic
No matter the level of coruption.
We are challenging as the House of Representatives takes over bill.
It should be recalled that, while challenging the bill is not at a bad time, but because we are certain that the purpose of the bill is to stop presidential assets under the disguise that similar legislation exist.
We will not be able to deceive us and Nigerians with their foes.
You will remember how ICAn openly oppose the CIFIPN and in a pubication sponsored by the Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria led by Engr.(Chief)
Olumuyiwa Alade on 24 May, 2019 made much effort to tell us that the laws enabling ICAN had given it the power to do forensics and pass the CIFIPN Bill would be just as they were duplicating laws, but today ICAN is presenting laws to include forensics in the new law.
The question is, what has changed?
The same law that ICAN has directed the public forensics is seeking to be re-enacted.
As always, as we do not oppose any group that proposes to include forensics and law, our concern is that one body should not try to perpetuate itself.
ICAN and its cohorts realise their inability to stop the passage of CIFIPN.
So they want to have a union for themselves.
They are frightened by checks and balance; they do not want another professional body to investigate their activities because they know what they are doing to the economy of this nation.
How can they judge their own cases by themselves?
This sounded strange welwell.
In this note, we call on the National Assembly to beware of the fraud by this group, which is not meant to speak from both sides of their mouth so that they can also expect to use it in cajole National Assembly.
Once again, we want to appreciate the commitment of the 9th Assembly to ensure that beyond the Bill, Nigerians have been aware that this administration is ready to fight corruption by every means and encourage a legislation aimed at achieving this goal.
We are very confident that His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari, had no hesitate to intervene in the Bill as soon as he came into his table.
We are calling on Nigerians to participate in the Forensic Profession.
The profession is open to all professional people from various areas.
The institute has a training section that guides and equips you.
I want to thank you all and also reiterate that we are committed to standing with ethical standards by applying the way they do it worldwide, as we offer our professional services, as well as training to give us new ways of fighting corruption and crime that is money-driven.
I would appeal to stakeholders and better Nigerians to support this noble course and to appeal for all of us to make efforts so that we can finish corruption together, the numerous security challenges, all over the country and other crises that followed it.
Dr (Mrs) Enape Victoria Ayishetu, PhD, Pro-tem President, (CIFIPN) www.cifipn.org
Air peace test flight with new aircraft E195-E2
Air Peace begins test flight for two new Embraer 195-E2 aircraft in preparation for use.
Daily Trust reports that the two aircraft were the first set among the 13 brands new 195-E2 aircraft bought by the airline to help route expansion.
A spokesman of the airline, Stanley Olisa, told newsmen on Friday that one of the aircrafts empty from Lagos flown into Owerri, Abuja and Port Harcourt to be familiar on Thursday.
Olisa hinted that test flights to other destination would continue, adding that it would not take much longer the plans to start schedule flights and offer better travel experiences to customers.
He said.
The third of the brands new E195-E2 aircraft will be introduced very soon, saying the reason they are expanding their fleet is the commitment to satisfying the air travel needs of the Nigerian people.
In the course of test flight, it is a regulatory requirement which must be Dob before the aircraft is put into regular operation.
It could be recalled that Air Peace collected the two brands new Ulamordern Embraer 195-E2 aircraft with 124 sits in January and March this year, with 11 more collcting.
Tela Maize harvest has a potential to give 8 tons in an hectare.
Earlier on Tuesday, the Institute of Agricultural Research (IAR), at Ahmadu Bello University Zaria, invited relevant stakeholders, including journalists, to witness the third harvest of the Tela Maize Variety Confined Field Trials (CFT) under its Tela Maize Research Project funded by the Africa Agricultural Technology Foundation (AATF).
The names are derived for the maize varieties TELA in Latin TUTELA which means protection.
This type of maize has protection against pests and draught in its breed.
Professor Rabiu Adamu, a Principal Investigator, as well as other scientists who rounded journalists harvest, said the idea of the project was to produce maize varieties that are resistant or protected against two major insect pests: stalk (stem) borers and Fall Army Worm plus another protection against moderate draught.
These are all about producing crops that are high yielding under stressed conditions; the stresses are Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major constraints to maize production; it is to produce yielded crops well under difficult conditions; the stresses are Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major block to maize production.
If it is not under control, if it can cause loss of up to 80 percent, including drought, if you dont manage rain shortage well, you may not have any yield.
This is the third time this trial has been done.
It was under dry season in March that we did the first trial and during the rainy season, we did another one from June to November.
This is the third trial from November to April.
The Principal researcher said that they were trying to showcase.
With the success of the three CFT trials, researchers will need to test and validate them to show that recordings in their research stations are performing well in the farmers fields in different locations and ecological conditions as it begins in the rainy season of 2021.
Until the end of 2022, if all the facilities work well, Nigerian farmers will expect all these hybrids to be accompanied.
Dr. Muhyideen Ayekunle, a maize breeder under this project said from the last two trials, the transgenic varieties recorded gave 17 percent advantage over the non-BT varieties despite being infested well.
We have infested the varieties that we put in trial three times unlike the previous one to consider how effective the BT gene is in the maize product.
With the outcome, researchers have said the yield would increase by 17 percent.
Thereafter, we will analyze the data and prepare documents to get approval for environmental release.
The dossier shall be submitted to the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) and reviewed.
Once we are given the approval that this product, we can show a face outside.
and then we will be able to have national performing trial.
The Director General/CEO of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA), Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, at the event, called on the scientists to continue to search for abiotic and biotic solutions to the challenges bedeviling farmers in the country.
We have tested certain technologies capable of providing solutions to problems faced by farmers to take advantage of them and move forward, he said.
Dr Rose Maxwell Gidado, the Country Coordinator of OFAB Nigeria, revealed the impact on several welholes.
Farmers yield increases by 17 percent and you know that productivity and harvest are the key to farming.
Once you accept it, you will have plenty of harvest and profit.
She said, By the time this kind of maize will be ready to penetrate farmers, it will increase their livelihoods, money, plus the price of maize would come down.
Manchester United fight back to win Aston Villa
Manchester United were fighting back to take Aston Villa 3-1 away in the Premier League on Sunday as Bruno Fernandes, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani scored in the second half to hold the celebration of Manchester City.
The result left United at 70 points from 34 games, 10 points behind City who had played one game more than them and missed the chance to win the title on Saturday after Chelsea beaten them home 2-1 on Saturday.
Bertrand Traore pulled Villa ahead in the 24th minute with a brilliant strike which stormed the corner from 15 metres after some weak denfendim by the visitors, troving the ball for their own half more times.
Fernandes equalised in the 52nd minute with penalty, sending the golie at Villa, Emiliano Martinez the wrong way with the spot-kick he coolee took, this followed a rough challenge from Douglas Luiz by Paul Pogba.
Grenwood turned the match on his head four minutes later with an neat shot at the turn from inside the penalty area after shake off the centre back Tryone Mings.
A substitute for Edinson Cavani was his seal victory at United with a goal headed in the 87th minute.
Following the calls out of Daily Trust, NCC had banned sales and use of mobile phones booster.
The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has placed a ban on the sale and use of GSM network boosters (in mobile connectivity) especially by banks, residents, government agencies, among others to improve telecommunications services.
The Commission was given the 14-day Pre-Enfircement Notice on Tuesday, signed by the Director Public Affairs, Ikechukwu Adinde.
He said the warning would take effect from Tuesday and expiration at the deadline, NCC said it would commence action against persons not following instructions.
This is coming less than a month after Daily Trust on April 24, 2021 that business operators at Sabon Gari market in Kano and other business areas said they were buying bosters to improve the reception of the bad telecommunications networks in their area.
Some of the traders said the services were disproportionate as telecommunication service providers were not doing much to improve the services in spite of the benefits they are making in such areas.
According to them, many traders and customers are engaging in digital and online financial transactions (data-based cashless services) plus other telecommunication-based services and have poor call/data services.
In the notice, NCC said selling, installing and using GSm booster was illegal.
In the notice, NCC said it was only ongoing duty to protect consumers, to ensure good quality of services and maintenance of technical standards of communication equipment, as provided in the provision of section 131 (1) of the Nigerian Communications Act (NCA) 2003.
Such acts may lead to sanctions that involve moneyplus/or prison, or the two (fine plus prison) as well as seizure of any equipment used for the illicit enhancement of network coverage.
LG polls: Start protest over imposing candidates in APC
Some members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State have protested against the party adopting some consensus candidates in some local government areas ahead of the July 24 local government elections in the state.
Top members of the party have announced that the party would adopt consensus candidates in some local government areas and conduct direct and or indirect primary voting to emmerge candidates for some.
The protesters who entered the secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), in Ogun State, accused some leaders of the APC in Abeokuta South LGA of imposing a candidate in the post Chaiman placed for them.
They had placed placards where many items were written including We Say No To Money Bags.
in Abeokuta South and
Allow Members of the Party to pick who they want, and said preferred aspirant is Farouk Akintunde.
One of the party leaders who followed the protest, Balogun Ololade, urged Gov dapo Abiodun to intervene in the matter of saving democracy from jeopardy.
Between DSS and secessionists in some regions
As the DSS had instructed ethno-religious environment and threatened harmonous co-existence of the majority common folk of the country, it sounded as one who spoke until they were forced out of their deceiving places.
Lingering questions about who or which individuals and groups the security agents are addressing are promptly vapourized in the heated rhetorical outbust of the nation prominent geo-ethnic agitators.
Afenifere, Hausa Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF)and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF).
It is clear to all of us that this is the group of people that have continued to resort to inciting, unguarded and divisive statement and act, to set countrys people against themselves to put fire of tribal and religious discord, as the DSS charge for one of them warning.
Interestingly, not within the major suspects in the exploitation of some fault lines to cause ethno-religious violence in some parts of the country can categorically distance themselves from the treacherous and subversive activities detected by security agents.
They Chorus the same conviction that the DSS understands the responsible people, differing only in the directions in which they are pointing accusing their finger.
AS Afenifere said these people know the ones responsible for the acts, but they cannot touch them because of the connect they have, PANDEV said again about many people run alienated and the ACF act as if they dont know, they are asking who the people are?
Since the DSS know them and they are satanic, they should take action to deal with them.
The NEF sounded as if it was not convinced that if there were people pushing the country into deep crisis and they were known to be treated according to the law, they said.
You dont have to be spook to know what the DSS know about these flag bearers of geo-ethnic politics in Nigeria or to understand why they are all aware that the DSS know them yet insist to pass the buck outside their clique.
Indeed, these champions ethnic politics do not know any better solution to the problems Nigeria faces than sectional enclave and chief lord over the rest of the country as rulers, not leaders!
They are desperate and unscrupulous to pursue their inordinate ambitions that they agitate absurdly and frequently to break Nigeria up.
Ambition-powered mind games intoxicate their geographical consciousness to reduce all it takes to excising the territorial contours of their enclaves with the frenzied ease of cutting their portion of the remaining crumbs of the proverbial national cake.
To put it simple, to break up or out of Nigeria as an ultimate political panacea or consolatory opportunity to inordinate ambitions of people or groups that undermine the ambitions of majority wa-zo-bia Nigeria commoner restlessly for enduring peaceful coexistence, it is easy to say more than to do.
These groups are all major blocks to the steady attainment of unity and living together in peace Nigeria has been working for since the flag of independence.
For as long as the political terrain is continued to parade as ethnic champions, it is for so long that Nigeria is regarded as an entitlement for its ethnic stake in the population, to be claimed or seized, and if all fails, to be deconstructed and disowned as a failed state.
Whenever met, the agenda is not meant to make Nigeria for progress and development, unless the leadership is firmly handed, otherwise is all about hecking and jostling around with barely concealed determination to deploy the notorious Nigerian Ph.d, pull-him-down syndrome against the incumbent non-indigene President.
Whether it is ACF, Afenifere, Ohanaeze, PANDEV or Northern Elders Forum, their existence and activities will oppose the quest of Nigeria for unity, peace and development.
Another indication for this regional separatist is that they are all sel-styled political pressure groups that pretend to be representatives of various ethnic groups.
From the membership, it plains to see that they consist of ex-this.
Ironically, these political deficiency gave the ginger to come together, desperately to remain relevant to a democratic system run by elected representatives through registered political parties and executive institutions established with constitution to dispense good governance and dividends of democracy.
Only nasty nuisance values by the geo-ethnic groups have in our democratic settings as they continue with mischief, sabotage, blackmail and subversion intended to make Nigeria ungovernable as they threaten and attempt to regain political relevance plus control.
This is why frequesnt meetings have been causing security alert!
With such predator-politics going Ariund the perimeter of power with dubious intents and undermining the government elected just because they are not involved in it, it is beyond reasonable doubt that there is a convergence of interest linking overt activities and the covert criminality of kidnappers, insurgents, armed robbers, bandits and allied terrorists, combined to take Nigeria un governable.
The doubling danger could describe the trying situation of the Buhari administration as they had to handle such a nomba of formidable enemy that unleashed several assaults on national security at a time the economy faced with new difficult things.
To that extent, there can only be two groups of politicians: those who participate positively in the democratic dispensation partner in moving the country forward against all odds and those with negatively minded who bring discord and disorder to distabilise the country.
By their words and actions, we all know them!
At the end of the day, the majority of Nigerians are ordinary citizens conditioned to survive from where they come from or depend on where they come from.
They struggle every day to make their lives submission to the will of one God despite different faiths.
Nigeria is a destiny fatherland, and it remains faithful, faithful and praying, because they know that they do not have any other country to call them own, as well as showing how citizenship can breed true patriotism.
It is also known that Afenifere, Kudu Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) have been using inciting, unguarded and divisive statements and activities to put citizens against one other to set ablaze in the tribal and religious challenges for the political ambition of their leaders.
The remaining prayer in the mouth of the poor man is:
GOD DEY,
NIGERIA IS BETTER!
Manzo Reuben is a youth leader in Lokoja
10 deaths as terrorist attempt to attack army formation
Troops in the Nigerian Army, on Saturday, neutralised not less than 10 Boko Haram terrorist members attempting to attack the troops of Operation Hadin Kai in Rann, headquarters of Kala Balge Local Government Area in Borno state.
This happens when it is not too much than 24 hours after the Chief of Army Staff who was recently appointed, May.-Gen.
Farouk Yahaya became leader of the Nigerian Army.
The spokesman for the Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen.
Mohammed Yerima, in a available statement, explained that the terrorist, who came in a massive number, put gun trucks on the ground and attempted to infiltrate the main entrance to the town.
Yerima said, The troops with high spirit were right on hand to counter the move and humiliating defeat to the terrorists who abandoned their evil mission and ran.
The troops chased the runaway terrorists and ensuring no threat at the city and its residents.
Troops successfully destroyed one of their gun trucks and collected multiple weapons including an anti-aircraft gun, two machine gun and eight AK-47 rifflr as ten terrorists were neutralised into the process.
Daily Trust reports that Chief of Defence Staff, Gen. Lucky Irabor, on Friday charged the new COAS to ensure it was built on the legacy of late Attahiru as it would defeat the enemy of terror in Northesat and other regions of the country.
Second U.S. congresswoman tested positive to get COVID-19 after Capitol challenges
A member of the U.S. House of Representatives, Pramilla Jayapal, said she contacted the Coronavirus (COVID-19) after being locked in the same room with some Republican lawmakers who did not wear mask during the incident in the Capitol last weekend.
I just collected a positive COVID-19 test after I was locked down in a secure room in the Capitol where many Republicans were not wicked not to wear mask but mocked colleagues and staff who offered them mask recklessly, Jayapal said in a post on her official Twitter account.
Earlier on Monday, U.S. Congresswoman Bonnie Watson Coleman said she also contracted COVID-19 with possible exposure during the time of the lockdown in the Capitol on Jan. 6.
A member of the Democratic Party, Jayapal, accused lawmakers from the Republican of causing the COVID-19 spread welfare and urged them to be punished.
Any member who refuses to wear a face mask will be accountable that he poses our lives at danger because he is selfish and idiot.
I am calling on every member who refuses to wear a mask in the Capitol to finish them and Sergeant of Arms to remove them from the floor, she said in a Twitter post.
It is not clear if the two congresswomen were in the same room during the lockdown in the Capitol.
Jayapal lauded U.S. President Donald Trump failed to contain the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and vowed that she would do all she can to remove him from office.
A 30-year-old man has been arraigned over assault in Edo.
The police arraigned a Gabriel Fidelis, 30 years before Ogbeson Chief Magistrates Court in Benin, for allegedly assaulting a woman named Rebecca Izevbigie.
The man was accused of three charges such as conspiracy, unlacious assault and malicious damage punishable under sections 516, 355, and 451 of the criminal code.
The prosecutor, Sgt. Kehimde Iyare told the court that the accused joined other fleeing persons to commit the offence on April 11, at Estate Quarters, along Benin-Agbor Road, in Benin City.
She further told the court that the accuse, with others who ran assaulted one Rebecca Izevbigie unlawfully by hitting and bitting her.
She added that the accussed also used iron rods to break her in the leg.
She further told the court that on March 31, 2021, the accused intentionally and maliciously downblocked the washing hand basin of the complainant in the case of N8,000.
The accused appealed to be illicit as the counsel Mrs E. E. Idahosaapply for his bail and said he would not jump bail.
Additionally, Chief Magistrate Mutairu Oare granted bail in the accuse at the sum of N100,000 with one who would stand for him.
He said the person who stands with him must bring two recent passport photos of himself and that of the accuse.
He ordered that the court registrar verift the supplied informate and the residence of the surety, and adjourn the case to May 10 in hearing.
Why cannot the National Assembly impeach Buhari Senator in Oyo?
The Senator representing Oyo North Senatorial District of Fatai Buhari has said the National Assembly has not found any reason to take impeach of President Muhammadu Buhari.
Do Senator disclosed this during a paid Salah visit to a former governor in Oyo State, Rashidi Ladoja, who said there was a process taken as an impeach president.
Senator Buhari submission is coming a day after Senator Yusuf Abubakar (APC Taraba) and Cahir in Senate committee on special duty said leaving President Buhari will not eradicate insecurity in the country.
People have been calling on President Buhari to resign or impeach him as insecurity in the country persists.
But Senator Buhari has urged the people to break the country not to create a problem that is not easy to solve.
There is a process in which president is being impeached.
Anyone calling for the president to be impeached should give adequate reasons to do impeachements.
We have not seen any reason to take impeach of the president.
If necessary, we will table it, discuss it, and the two houses must come together.
Impeaching the president is not something one person should just wake up one day and begin to say.
There is a procedure.
Why do you want to cause problems and confusions that you cannot solve?
So he asked.
Despite the security challenges faced by the country, the lawmaker said: We have no other country than Nigeria.
Nigeria is our country and home.
Let us try to do internal security.
Let us play our own part; let us not leave anything to the government alone.
We have to put on local police to know all the locations.
No matter how it is, we know each other.
In the early 80s, we traveled for nite.
But at the level of insecurity now, something fundamental is missing.
He said the 9th National Assembly had discussed security more than 59 times.
Security issues have been discussed over 30 times in the 8th Assembly, and this 9th Assembly has also discussed them over 50 times.
Everyone should be vigilant, even if the service chief is changed several times, it will not solve the security challenges, the senator said.
Ranchers support CBN to restrict forex imports of dairy
The Commercial Ranchers Association of Nigeria (CODARAN) has expressed support for the restrictions on foreign exchanges on dairy products.
Recall that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circular that passed a year now on companies restricted from foreign exchange to import milk and dairy products.
But during a recent visit to the governor of the CBN, the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, said the European Union (EU) had complied against Nigeria over such restrictions.
In a communiquÃ© by Dianabasi Akpainyang, the CORAN said Nigeria had the potential to harvest dairy products that would provide jobs plus create investments in local production of milk.
The CBN governor is fair.
Indeed, Nigeria has the potential to meet and sustain the dairy requirements.
Akpainyang said that the milk on the ground for collection and processing is not close to that figure for now, but noted that since it is likely, it is necessary for everyone to go on fire to seek that development of the local dairy sector is urgent.
Citing a report issued in the CBN that Nigeria spends $1.5 billion yearly for importing dairy products, it said the figure would increase as demand for dairy products increases.
It mentions issues like poor productivity of local cattle, cattle nutrition, animal disease management system, with poor organised system to tke kolk milk, with poor finance, insecurity, poor infrastructure, insufficient extension services, inadequate processing and storage facilities, low investment in research and development and with poor use of modern technologies being the major challenges faced by the sector.
However, he said the Advancing Local Dairy Development in Nigeria (ALDDN) programme presently running in the four states Adamawa, Kaduna, Kano and Plateau was tackling the problem.
PDP frowns face as APC claims it has registered 2.5m in Lagos
Uproar was following the All Progressives Congress (APC) disclosed that 2.5m members were registered in Lagos for nationwide and revalidation exercise.
Chaiman from the APC Registration Supervisory Committee in Lagos, Dr. Muhammad Bashiru, said at the closing of a recommendation letter to the supervisor that about 2.5 million have been registered in the 20 local government areas in the state.
But the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the leading opposition party, has described the figure as false and fake.
The PDP said APC has a habit of cooking figures to convince people that they are popular.
The spokesman of the PDP, Taofik Gani, in a chat with Daily Trust described the APC as a party full of liars, saying the party was no longer popular in the state.
This is not the first time we are carrying figures that are not really out.
Even in the last election, the total number of votes by the APC was around 600,000.
He said the claims that they have 2.5 million are false and fake.
Our correspondent reports that APC candidate Babajide Sanwo-Olu won the governorship election in 2019 with 739,445 votes while President Muhammadu Buhari had 580,825 votes in the presidential election.
The state chairman of the National Conscience Party (NCP), Comrade Bayo Ogunleye, has described the claim by the APC as the greatest falsehood in the century.
But the spokesman of the APC Seye Oladejo told our correspondent that the party would prove its nomination in the local government elections slated for July 24.
Geographical Indication will promote diversification of the economy FG
The Federal Government stressed that Geographical Indications (GIs) will help in promoting diversification of the economy and also support participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono, said this in a capacity building workshop on GIs in public sector/politymakers in Nigeria in Abuja.
Nanono, represented by the Deputy Director of Irrigation and Crop Development, Hajia Sugra Mahmood, noted that the welfare of the initiative would support the preservation of the biological diversity of the country facing existential threats as a effect of climate change and the attendant destruction of the environment.
According to him, he can assist in commercialising the product of food culture and other cultures and enable actors in the value chain to benefit from commercialization especially for women and youths in rural areas who are mainly involved in the production of the products.
Therefore, these workshops take place at a crucial moment when this administration works tirelessly to diversify the economy away from hydrocabons by other sectors such as agriculture, manufacturing, mining tourism etc.
A similar initiative to promote GIs will help to fast track the process for diversification of the economy and also support our participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area and also globally.
Gis may cause a revive economy in rural areas as it has been seen happening in the case of some properly branded products such as Ofada rice, kilishi, Dudu Osun, etc.
It will also make it the documwntation of our indigenous knowledge which is sad of losing over time.
The current administration is ready to partner with all the relevant stakeholders both local and foreign in a bid to preserve the natural and bio-cultural endowment in the country amd also exploited it to strengthen the resilience of the economy, in order to provide a decent livelyhood for all Nigerian people, as it stated.
Earlier, the Minister of Satte Industry, Trade and Investment, Haija Mariam Katagum, in her welcome address said the workshop was designed to specifically train public sector and policy makers in Nigeria, with a view to examine how it is possible to adopt Geographical Indication (Gis) legislation and policy into industrial property and agriculture landscape in Nigeria.
She said,We cannot avoid as the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) is coming into effect, putting liability on decision makingers to begin discussing how to update industrial property-related legislation.
Israeli president holds talks to seek a new gov
President of Israel Reuven Rivlin is now preparing a talk with top political people on how a government has been formed after caretaker Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu refused to do so after elections for a match were not conclusive.
According to the Rivlins office, talks with Naftali Bennett of the Yamina party and former opposition leader Yair Lapid of the Yesh Atid (Future) party are scheduled for Wednesday morning.
The state head also invited representatives from the other parties represented in parliament to present positions on the progress of the process of forming government.
It was at last nite the deadline for Natanyahu, a right-winger to form a governing coalition.
This means that the camp of people who are opponent to Netanyahu is facing a chance to end the era of the 71-year-old as heaf in government.
Whether they succeed, however, it is still open.
New elections are still not out of the question as Israel is still in a political crisis.
Netanyahu will remain as heads of the interim government in time.
He has been in office for 12 years continuously and is the longest serving head of the government in Israeli history.
He was being tried for corruption, and all accuses were rejected.
It is expected that Rilvin appoint opposition leader Lapid to form the government head.
His party is a political centre; at the end of a match, it has become the second-strongest force in the forth parliamentary elections in two years.
Rivlin can also give the mandate to the Knesset.
In this case, each member of the parliament can try to seek the support of 61 of the 120 members withim 21 days.
Ganduje release 123 prisoners in eid-el-Fitri
Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano has granted freedom to 123 prison inmates across the state.
Ganduje who witnessed the release of inmates from Goron Dutse Prison on Thursday said the gesture was in the spirit of Eid-El Fitr celebration.
He said the size of their offences as well as the signs of reformation in prison were selected people.
The governor said he decided to show in the prison to inform the immate that the government of the state knows that they exist and they are viewed as citizens of the state.
Ganduje said the gesture was to compliment the Federal Government effort to further reduce as people take time in national prisons.
He advised the former immate to change their attitude to life and pray for peace and stability in Nigeria.
The governor also gave 5,000 to each of the immate freed to move to their destination.
Earlier, the Kano prison comptroller, Suleiman Suleiman, thanked the governor for freed thousands of immate since assuming office.
Suleiman advised the immate to stay away from crime to avoid coming back to prison.
Ganduje also visited remand homes as well as children homes in Kano as part of his wrong celebration.
Korda breaks through Parma clay
On the eve of Roland Garos, a 20-year-old American Sebastian Korda scored a career breakthrough by beating Italian Marco Cecchinato 6-2, 6-4, in Parma in a first title.
Korda was a son of a former world.
No 2 and Australian Open Winner Petr Korda, who never entered into the ATP tour final before the event in Parma, has never won consecutive matches on clay.
Cecchinato, who won all his three titles on clay, came from Brescia, 90 kilometres from Parma.
The fans who were allowed to enter the event for the first time were supporting the local boy.
Today I played a tough opponent and the hardest, Korda said.
They kept cheering him on, but I am proud of myself.
and how I handled it.
Although his father is from Czech, Sebastian Korda, who is born in Florida, decided to represent the US.
Victory made him the first player from America to win a clay court tournament since Sam Querrey in Belgrade after 11 years.
This is something in my dream, Korda said, adding that he had expected to win the title soon as he named an event in Florida in January.
I really thought I would do it at Delray Beach, and it broke my heart slightly.
What should not be put on public: Negating Nigeria's multiculturalism
By Bashir Ibrahim Hassan
Is it a pure coincidence that, as trouble smell in Kwara state recently, is it considered solution to the lower House of the National Assembly on the capital territory of Abuja?
The trouble in Ilorin was as some Christian faith schools were refused to allow Muslim students to put on their hijabs to come to school.
The solution to this predicament is the debate on Religious Discrimination (Prohibition, Prevention)
RDPP Bill, 2021, ridicule of Hijab Bill in a section of media in Nigeria
Both events are spark heated arguments and often emotional debate which, at the bottom of everything, threaten to negate multicultural identity and reality of Nigeria.
The whole idea fpr Kwara of the proprietor of schools as Muslim students who are banned from wearing the hijabs and sympathised can be reduced to what is not meant to be wearing in public.
This was another major part of the concern of the RDPP Bill before the House of Representatives the humiliation and denial of opportunities.
What females in Nigeria face because of public clothes?
It is clear that the former clearly breached the fundamental human rights of the Muslim students to express their faith without discrimination; even though the school could have defence or take such position.
The latter tries to assert this right not only for Muslims but also for Christians whenever or whenever they are threatened with discrimination because of the fauth they show.
To run through the argument by the proprietor of Christian faith schools in Kwara, it is easy to understand the pragmatic appeal of the argument that Muslim children should go to other schools through other pleces if they do not want to conform.
The problems that die arguments have many.
First, to say that Muslim students should go elsewhere unless they agree to the rule of the school on uniform they do very little to promote inclusiveness, the bedrock of our multicultural and multi-religious society.
Secondally, the position is asking moral questions: can we justify to base rule in school on the Christian majority of the school?
Then, the third one, the argument is elsewhere appear to have ignored the difficulties in changing school for a child.
There are many inconveniences.
As they change the school for their children, those with education psychology will tell you that they negatively interfere with not just emotional but academic development as well.
Finally, the Christian faith school would risk what is called ghettorization by concentrating students with the same religious belief in particular schools.
The social cost of this thing will get in society plebts.
The Commissioner for Education, Kemi Adeosun, argued in a press statement that the government is convinced that the policy to allow willing Muslim schoolgirls to wear their hijabs in public schools would lead to sustainable peace and communal harmony built on mutual respect and understanding.
In a country that guarantees freedom of religion and signs the declaration of international human rights, the basic question to ask is: How justifiable is it to deny children in Nigeria access to schools of their choice on the basis of their religion?
Nigeria is a signatory to the Universal Declaration on Human Rights (UDHR).
The UDHR insists that all human beings are free and equal, that they are colour, creed or religion no matter.
It contains 30 articles on rights and freedom which include, among others, such as the rif=ght to life, free speech and privacy.
It includes economic, social and cultural rights, including the right to health and education.
I saw very relevant articles 18 and 26 of the UDHR to the issue for consideration and quoted them in full below:
Everyone has the freedom to thimg or believe what they want, including religious belief.
We have a right to change our belief or religion at any time and the right to practice our religion in public pr private, alone or with others.
Everyone should be allowed to education.
Primary school should be free.
We must be able to continue our studies as far as we have the wish.
At school, we should be helped to develop our talents and be taught how to respect every human rights.
They should also teach us how to deal with people of whatever ethnicity, religion, or country they come from.
Our parents have the right to choose which school we go.
All such laws are the instruments that give Muslim women like Ilhan Umar the equality to sit in the House of Representatives in the US and she still wear Hijab without being molested or discriminated.
Ilhan Abdullahi Umarna is a Americans politician serving in the U.S. Representative in the 5th congregation of Minnesota District since 2019.
The bill was sponsored by the Deputy Chairman of the House of Representative Committee on Finance, which represented Bida/Gbako/Katcha Federal Constituency in Niger State.
Saidu Musa Abdullahi.
The bill provides for addressing discriminatory conduct as well as prohibition of discrimination in religious matters when it concerns with public service and the terms and conditions that adhere to it.
It will stop qualifying and professional collectively, education institutions, employment operators and other sectors from discriminating against individuals, students or personnel based on religions or the manifestation.
When passed, the law would bury issues such as what we saw in Kwara for good; when passed, the law would bury issues similar to those we saw in Kwara.
It will also address the bigot behaviour of executive who take prejudice in public office and allow it to cover their sense of judgement.
The law should be welcomed.
After all, it was only to expand and expatiate the provisions contained in the Nigerian constitution and in the UDHR documents as noted above.
It followed similar laws that were passed in the country to tackle social wahal and cultural practices that harmful the law prohibiting violence against people and disability law (VAPP).
While disability is trying to eradicate any discrimination facing people with disability, VAPP is facing domestic as well as gender violence across the country.
One by one, we are represented in the legislative chamber with legal instrument to tackle all social challenges facing our country.
All these social rughnesses are addressed not as law exists not before they are addressed, but they want to bring together everything in order not to be allowed to see finish.
While there is still a road so far in the UDHR, and there is no instrument to enforce it, the RDPP law and similar laws are in place to bring punishment to offenders.
While contradicting the view of critics, as far as the RDPP Bill is concerned, there is no proof that they want to put a state of religion on any state that can domesticate the law.
It does not go against Section 10 of the Constitution in Nigeria that supports the Government of the Federation or for a state not adopts any religion as State religion.
To push the argument, because the bill calls on the general public to respect the rights of Muslim women who wear Hijab in public places, that it is to only quench Islamaphobia.
In the final analysis, it is going against our multicultural pretenses to deny any Nigerian it male or female religious freedom.
It is against equality, and basic human rights as it is in a constitution in Nigeria and the legal documents in the Universal Declaration of Human Rghts.
A bill to make such decimation on religion criminal, like the RDPP bill, will have a welcome nod.
It writes from Abuja Bashir.
President Niger Issoufou has won the leadership price of N1.95bn in Africa.
Niger President Mahamadou Issoufou has been announced as a winner of $5m (N1.905bn) in 2020.
Ibrahim Price for African leadership.
Issoufou has served two terms of five years each as president from 2011 to 2020.
former interior minister, Mohamed Bazoum, came to office following his victory in the presidential elections last month.
The awarding committee praised the leadership of the Niger president after meeting the economy among the poorest in the world.
He said it caused economy to grow, showing strong commitment to regional stability and the constitution, and its champion democracy in Africa.
Mr Issoufou is the number six people to collecte the Ibrahim Prize.
He posted a tweet saying the award honoured everyone in Nigeria.
I saw this award as an ecncouragement to continue to thimg and act in a way that would promote democracy values and better governments not only in Niger but in Africa and the world, he said.
Winners of the earlier prize included Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia (2017), President Hifikepunge Pohamba of Namibia (2014), President Pedro Pires of Cabo Verde (2011), President Festus Mogae of Botswana (2008) and President Joaquim Chissano of Mozambique (2007).
KEDCO has a taskforce to enforce collection, and check which bypass meter.
The management of Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) has formed a taskforce to ensure electricity payments.
In a staement given to Ibrahim Sani Shawai, the head of Corporate Communication, KEDCO, the taskforce had been given the power to ensure that all the indebted ones were recovered together with the only ones being used to help KEDCO to consolidate on the numerous reforms to improve power supply.
The taskforce will also check issues of bypass of meters, illicit connections, steal of energy and other forms of sabotage.
In this regard, anybody seen to be sabotaged in any way shall be treated according to the law.
We appeal to our customers to open eye at all our intallations and to ensure they are protected meters welwel against vandals.
We assure all our customers that our initiative to give meters to quench estimated billing and give customers the opportunity to pay for what they are using is still continuing, the statement said.
IBEDC brings to people selling under powerline
The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has issued a warning against selling a market under high-tension wire to avert badness.
Chief Operating Officer (COO), Engr John Ayodele, gave the charge against the backdrop of the increasing trading activities in the unde high-tension wire.
In Osh Igbo, the capital of Osun State, mechanic shops, blocked industries, car wash shops, POS shops and smallsmall trading are common thimgs we see under high-tension wires along Power Line and Ring road.
Engr Ayodele pleaded with residents to take safety precautions very important and advised sellers under high-tension wire to move to safe areas.
He also pleaded with residents not to call people who are yet to come to repair the light and assured them that technical crew at the IBEDC would be available to rectify any fault coming.
caution that people who have a habit of harassing the IBEDC staff when they are in duty according to the law, said the IBEDC will explore all available legal options to seek redress if they harass any of its staff.
It is also important that other safety precautions, such as supervising the critical childhood, be taken to avert electric accidents, he said.
10 newborn children have died from fire incidents in an Indian hospital.
Ten new children were killed on Saturday in a fire at a state-running hospital in western Idia, officials said.
17 new children were deployed to the unit where the fire broke early Saturday at the Bhandara District General Hospital in Maharashtra State.
Seven new children were killed in a smoke shock, and three were burnt by fire, Maharashtra health minister Rajesh Tope told reporters.
Nurses and ward staff rescued seven babies.
The age of all the new children is from a few days to three months, according to Prashant Uike, a health district official in Bhandara.
The government ordered a probe into the incident and a safety audit in a unit caring for new children in the country.
Initial reports indicate that the fire may have happened due to one of the short circuits in one of the incubators, Tope said.
The staff said several black smoke filled the ward quickly, adding the minister.
Legal requirements have been waived after-mortem, and the children have been brought to their families, Tope said.
Families of the victim shall be compensated for 500,000 rupees ($ 6,814) for each family.
Police pursue newspaper sellers for reporting on IPOB
Police harass newsmen and readers in Abia State.
Daily Trust reports that since weekend police from Aba Area Command have been arresting newspaper sellers and readers concerning reports on the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Resident said there was fear in Ama-Ogbonna Junction in the commercial city when the police raid on Sunday.
A resident, who faced the incident, said residents were run to safety, while police personnel were shooting disproportionately while trying to arrest journalists and sellers.
They have been accused of selling newspapers who carryed the story containing the sit-at-home order by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB)
Dr Elendu Ukoh, who faced the matter, appealed to the state government and igbo leaders to call on the police authorities to call on the people to avoid causing problems in the city.
The kind of people we are setting in the police makes me wonder that we want anything that is good to from this country out.
How can anyone pursue journalists in Aba, into the mordrn world?
If you stop people from reading a hard copy of a newspaper, would you also stop them from reading the same story on Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, Telegram, among others?
What kind of old police style is this?
Panic was eroded on Sunday as shooting and noise was made.
The whole neighbourhood thats they are chasing kidnappers.
It was gathered that a vendor and readers were arrested and gathered at his newspaper stand.
How will police engage journalists in battle?
What kind of problem paper may cause that social media cannot cause time 20.
This people are not normal,he stated.
Another resident, Micheal Anorue, said that almost all the sellers of the newspaper he visited Aba.
They are empty on Tuesday.
We heard speaking on Saturday and Sunday that the newspapers included stories relating to the sit-at-home order on the honour of heroes in the matter of Biafra,he said, and my question is, what is wrong with it?
The early political leaders in the South East, reminding these reckless police officers that Biafra is bigger than the IPOB, the better for them.
Is the proscribed IPOB also meant that Biafra has been proscribed?
We are all Biafra people.
On the 30th of May, the World Igbo Congress (WIC) held a Zoom conversation discussing the falling heroes in Biafra.
Why did the police stop going to Youtube, Zoom and other social media to bring the matter to air?
All they did was to come on the street and make unnecessary troubles.
I wish the leader of Igboland would warn these reckless police officers against allowing incidences in Imo State to penetrate Aba, being the worst for everyone.
The Abia State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Geoffrey Ogbonna, has said the police are arresting journalists and sellers.
NAMA frowns face as air traffic controller lament poor tools
Air Traffic Controlers (ATC)) in Nigeria on Sunday cry out concerning the dilapitated navigational equipment found at most airports in the country.
The ATCs under the National Air Traffic Controlers Association (NATCA) say the situation is a threat to air safety.
It was also said that the International Airport in Kaduna has a control tower that can help aircraft to navigate without challenges.
President of the NATCA, Yomi Agoro, or a news chat at the weekend, said the facility at Kaduna airport was a watchroom used by other aviation personnel, saying it was not the only control tower available for air traffic controlers.
He also said other airports in the country do not have the equipment required to navigate without problem.
He explained that some airports don't even have functioning equipment.
Even Kaduna has no control tower.
The use of the deym was a watchroom (in firefighters), and it was not for that purpose, and we have been calling on government to act.
We entered Sokoto, if rainfall, the controller would carry umbrella to sit at the control tower, and what happened, some of the control tower attached to the terminal building had been seeded to FAAN, while the one who stands alone is with NAMA, but we spoke with the two organisations.
We all also followed terrestial radio frequency fight, communication here and there.
Calabar is there; no airport you can visit today where you can say that it works up to 80 per cent.
NAMA has recently employed and trained 40 new controlers, but NATCA said the number is too low to meet the shortfall.
However, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), Capt Fola Akinkuotu, told Daily Trust that the claims were not true.
He said the federal government had invested huge investments in improving navigational aids and helping safe flight operations.
It is mere politics,he said, and it is ordinary politics.
The government has spent a lot not too long on improving aviation infrastructure.
I'm not simply saying this because I am a MD in NAMA.
If you want to hear the true story, my suggestion is, ask people on the street, ask people in NAMA, they will tell you, they have not seen such good as this under this administration.
It is very painful that people will speak like this.
We have not yet any Category Three (CAT3), this government has put two on the ground, another two is still coming.
Government spends N1.7bn on mobile control tower
Also, there is ongoing revitalisation of the safe tower.
We have been reconstructing the TRACON (Total Radar Coverage of Nigeria) system.
Others sectors should be jealous of us.
E-commerce in Nigeria: Legal framework, challenges and prospect
E-commerce is referring to the use of communication technologies especially the internet to buy, sell and market goods and services to customers.
The internet has brought fundamental shift into economies not close to each other because of brier into ross-border trade and investment, distances, time zones and languages and national government regulations.
E-commerce fosters direct access to neighbouring markets and promotes globalisation and commercial activities as well as eliminates distinctions between domestic and foreign companies to the extent that it will not be possible to know where the product comes.
E-commerce is not limited to buying of products alone, it includes e-mail, including other communication platforms, all the informate or services being offered to customers on the net, from pre-purchase information to aftersale services and support.
The major significance of his commerce lies in the fact that he encourages a single world system of trading, which accesses through electronic means of getting good and services being facilitated from different parts of the world.
Most of the statue on the ground in Nigeria are laid behind towards the development and growth of e-commerce in particular and the entire ICT.
In Nigeria, several legal researches and studies have been conducted.
A lot of the study gathered that the legal system in Nigeria was behind ICT-related legislation and that the existing statutory laws were not adequate to address some of the legal issues that affected e-commerce.
These issues include electronic evidence cybercrimes, security and data production, e-payment system and inevitably trans-border issues, among many others.
Therefore, there is the need to bring out appropriate legal and regulatory measures to govern the now coming regime.
It is also repeatedly said that in Nigeria, significant efforts to regulate e-commerce-related activities are still at the stage of Sraft Bill before the National Assembly.
It is important to know that even where these bills are passed into law, Nigeria may still face new legal issues in this area calling for legislative intervention.
With the rapidity that the internet is working on commercial transactions in Nigeria, especially in the banking and communication sectors of the economy, the best they can suggest is that the legal issues and challenges confronting e-commerce presently in the country should be addressed directly and espeditiously, in the interests of the teeming population of Nigerian customers.
To this, the National Assembly should be pressured to pass bill concerning electronic commerce as priority so that they should be enacted into law as soon as possible.
For a short time, our courts should take giant steps to interpret the traditional laws that are on the ground in a liberal way to cut gaps in order to make the laws ammend to electronic transaction, in the emerging trend of this information age.
Indeed, they argue that legislation is not the only means for electronic transaction and attendant documentation to be legal.
The court can also adapt to recognise electronic transaction in the absence of legislation or private contract.
As previous Justice Bungham said: The common law is in possession of judges the same facility [as law merchants] to adapt to the needs of the general public, principle is not altered, but old rules to apply the change, and new rules will begin to exist.
We hope that the government will adopt this activism by Nigerian judges in judiciary, Supreme Court judges also involve, expexially in areas where our existing legislation is grossly inadequate, comprehensive or elaborate enough to address legal challenges in new technological advancements.
This will set a better precedence to ensure that e-commerce consumers are protected, to bring investors and to bring economic development plus stability in the country.
The whole issue of contracts in e-commerce are documentation and signature.
The provision in section 4 of the statute of Fraud, 1677 or Lagos State Law Reform (Contract) Law and our various statute on real estate and landed instrumentals, all of which requires a certain contract to be written and executed duly.
The question now is whether electronic sign-off constitute a valid sign-off contract by e-mail or by binding?
Many of these issues have not been settled even within the UK although some decisions are favoured towards interpreting electronic signature.
So marks in an e-mail which satisfies the traditional requirement of writing and due execution.
E-commerce transaction is a transaction that does not involve paper through magnetic materials like tapes or disks.
These are contradictions to the transaction being executed in paper and embodied in permanent form and typically expressed in words and figures using signature authenticate.
Such transactions cannot be altered without altering the face of the document.
In connection with signature, the provision inide section 93 (2)(3), evidence act 2011, electronic signature relating to data messages conveniently satisfies any requirement for signature being handed as long as it is sufficient to identify an electronic record to the person.
The provision in article 7 of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) model law for e-commerce 1996 is equally trite on this issue.
Thus, in the purpose of establishing proof of electronic signatures.
Use of passages, identification, user names etc may be sufficient.
Hence one can safely say electronic signature for the purpose of execution is admissible to evidence provided it is certified and incorporated in electronic communication during any e-transaction.
Also, other legal challenges that affect e-commerce include the formation of contracts.
The elements of better formation of a contract include offer, acceptance, consideration, intention to enter into legal relationships.
The question is, at what point could they make offers with regard to electronic business transaction or now to differentiate between invitations to treat and offer electronic transaction, at what point could we say they make intentions to enter legal relations?
E-commerce requires confidence and trust the satisfaction of transmitting orders or invoices is still no matter and comes from whenever it appears to come from.
There is a need to guarantee concerning level of privacy/confidenciality in information affairs.
In the end, the alarming rate of cybercrime in Nigeria, plus high levels of illiterate.
There is no doubt that electronic transaction is a aspect of commercial transaction in Nigeria and it is coming to stay at this time.
The government should pass from making laws, activate them as they take on the electronic platform for commercial interaction and delivery of government services.
You can reach Abanikanda Happiness Wuraola via Twitter.
Chad passes new chartes as Debys son president
Chad passed the charter which declared Mahamat Idris Deby as president despite rumour on social media allegedly.
Mahamat has taken over to replace his father, Idriss deby, who was killed this week.
The charter stipulates that the 37-year-old, who was son to late war veteran, was quickly named as transitional leader on Tuesday as head of a military council after his father's death, would serve as president of the republic and heads of the armed forces.
The charter repeated the preceding constitution and would be implemented as the basic law of the republic, according to the temrs in it.
The young Deby has also been named as the supreme head of armed forces, according to him.
Deby son had supervised the security of his father as the heads of the elite presidential guard and often appeared along with his father.
The best known Mahamat Deby is as a top commander of the forces in Chad helping United Nations peacekeeping mission in the restive north of neighbouring Mali.
He signed a decree on Tuesday as he set out a military council with 15 generals including himself and 14 others believed to be loyal to late president.
The task given to the council is to move into free and democratic elections withing 18 months.
Mahamat Idris Deby is the chair in the military transition council, the council of ministers, the council of superior committees of national defence, as stipulated in the charter.
The new head of state will also declare a legislation adopted by the 69 members of the national transition council, Mahamat directly named.
The Transition Charter of 95 articles guarantee freedom of opinion, conscience plus worship.
A transition government has been set, appointed by the new president.
The charter stipulates that all members of the army called for the transitional government have been liberated from all military duties.
Law in Chad
The killed leader, who reigned with courage for most of 30 years, gave to wounds he suffered when he visited a battlefield where Chad soldiers were fighting rebel groups in the north, as the military announced on Tuesday.
Calling for peace, the army also announced a curfew at 6pm and closed the borders for the country, suspending the constitution and dissolving the National Assembly.
However, a political opposition in Chad has rejected the army appointment of President Idris deby's son to take over fter his father's death.
Experts say under the law in Chad, the speaker of the parliament should have collected power after Debys death, not his son.
According to the constitution, if the president is either dead, then the speaker of the parliament will take charge of the country for 40 days and thereby put transition in place until the election is held, Hiba Morgan from Al Jazeera reports from the capital, Ndjamena said at ealy Tuesday.
[But] The military announcement that the legislative assembly has been dissolved and the constitution has been dissolved, thereby replacing the constitution with its own set of rules.
They can pull out Chelsea points after the brawl with Leicester.
Chelsea were faced with a deduction of points from the FA in the team as they failed to control the players, Mirror.
Within seven years, the team has been caught to show a warm temper to opponents seven times.
The recent brawl in a match on Tuesday night Leicester marked the seven encounter Chelsea had with Premier League teams.
It marked a catakata over the last weekend match between Chelsea and Leicester among players of both teams.
With the same kind of offence in the past, the FA decided to punish Chelsea.
Leicester were also facing charges for their role in the brawl that involved players and coaches as Ricardo Pereira challenged Ben Chilwell.
In 2016, they also charged Chelsea for indiscipline to warn them after appealing against a $ 375,000 fine in the part they played in a burst-up during a match against Tottenham.
If they are affected, the points they are going to leave will very well affect them season as they enter into final campaign to get a spot in top four.
US Africom in Nigeria? Heck No!
Overpaid, oversexed and over here.
That was the resentful and contemptuous opinion many British had for the thousands of American GIs stationed in several military bases in Britain during the Second World War.
The gumm-chewing, brash, hard-drinking and womanising soldiers from America comedeed frequently into pub battles and dangerous knife battles, causing sensations at the yanks among the locals.
And these are the pattern that American soldiers behave everywhere for the hundreds of American military base overseas from Okinawa in Japan, Stuttgart in Germany, Incirlik and Diyarbakir in Turkey and Pampanga in the Philippines.
That was why I was upset, as many Nigerians, that at a virtual meeting last week with the Secretary of State of the United States of America, Antony Blinken, was that President Buhari asked the United States to consider how to relocate the African Command (Africom) of his military located in Stuttgart in the southern German city of presently coming to Africa.
We are thimging that with this call, President Buhari is making a way for Nigeria to host Africom.
First, it was a breach of a protocol for President Buhari to do that meeting with the American Secretary of State.
The meeting was meant to be held with Blinken's Nigerian opposite number, Geoffrey Onyeama, who later carried the details to meet president.
Yes, America is a superpower and all, but a protocol should be strictly followed in every circumstance.
We understand that Nigeria is facing a tremendous internal security challenge which seems to pass the best efforts made by governments and security establishments in the nation to tackle it.
There is no tired terrorist insurgency in the North East banditry, kidnapping in the North West, farmers/herders clashes all over the country and targeting and killing security and law enforcement personnel and other Nigerians in addition to the destruction of institutional building in the South East, they joined as the precarious cocktail of insecurity ravaging the country.
But even at that point, the calls to host Africom on Nigerias siol when considering m against various issues and implications of this move to Nigeria difficult to justify.
Africom is one of the amng nine of such commands established by the American military to serve American strategic interest around the world.
By their rule and mode of operation, these commands, those outside America like Africom, were not set up primarily to concern with security and law enforcement issues in their areas of coverage.
They do so only when such issues directly affect the interests of America in the area and in such circumstances, they are not mandated to yield them modus operandi and share intelligence with the local security and law enforcement agencies.
If Africom is set up for instance in Nigeria, it will be an island on its own that will restrict access to Nigerians of all categories and establishing a jurisdiction withing the teritorial area of the base will be virtually off limit to Nigerian security and law enforcement agencies.
As is common with a American military base outside America, Africom will be a forward operating base for disruptive intelligence operations and source for act of sabotage and destabilisation against host countries.
In this particular case of Africom, part of its original concept is to control as the strategic influence of Nigeria grows in West Africa and Africa as we have successful peace enforecement efforts in Liberia and Sierra Leone and our better record of peace keeping around the world.
The one before Africom was the Africa Crisis Response Initiative (ACRI) set up by the Clinton administration to counter the strategic interest of Nigeria in Africa.
The Secretary of State for President Clinton, the dour-faced California attorney, Warren Christopher, secretly visited a nomba of African countries to sell the idea.
But because Nigeria is the target, he pointed out pointedly from his itinerary.
Senegal, not far from Liberia and Sierra Leone, should be the coordinating base of the ACRI and although it is seen as an initiative to facilitate assistance of America to African humanitarian issues, its secret protocols mistake in military and strategically target Nigeria.
Due mainly to undisguised hostility to the idea from France, which was averse to see the Americans trying to butt into an area it considers its exclusive sphere of influence, the concept of the ACRI was reviewed.
In the review, which drew the expertise of American Military, Intelligence, political and academic personalities and institutions brought by the American Congress during secret sessions, the Americans considered and realised the need to set up one AFrican command to add to the other already existing and covering other continents in the world.
Thus, to follow the reccomendation of experts gathered, which formed all angles of political and security establishments in America, the Bush Junior administration set Africom up with a mandate wider than containing Nigeria but also keeping an eye on the strategic penetration of Chinese people in Africa.
Just as the US Central Command (USCENTCOM) is to the Middle East and Asia, Africom is to Africa, based in Florida, European Command (EUCOM), based in Stuttgart, Germany, is to Europe and Southern Command (SOUTHCOM), also based in Florida, is to Latin America and the Caribbean.
The presence of French military has surrounded Nigeria already as it is in Niger, Cameroun, Chad and Benin.
The Americans also have a drone base in Niger.
Adding Africom to the mix in Nigeria will amount to a complete capitulation of our strategic interest to both France and America.
Having in mind that our strategic interests plus profile in Africa do not always follow with one in France and America, hosting Africom in Nigeria will be the same thing allowing a wolf to go into a chicken cage.
There is nothing in the insecurity cahllenge facing the country with which our armed forces cannot cope.
This is after the military force which eventually secured Liberia and Seirra Leone against a army of insurgents that are well-entrenched and organised within the country from a long logistical supply line thousands of miles; the army of Joshua Dogonyaro, Victor Malu and Maxwell Khobe, to mention few of the numerous gallant Nigerian soldiers that distinguished themselves for the operations.
It is regretable that the Nigerian military, had fallen from high standard recognition, now struggling to cope with the activities of non-state actors internally.
But intrinsically and essencially, the Nigerian military still carries the capacity and capacity to defeat this threat to our nationl security if they have the right leadership, doctrine plus motivation.
We need all the assistance and cooperation from the American people if they want to give us.
But as they have held us in hand to host Africom with our circumstance in view of its antecedent and implication to our strategic interests, on our soil.
Despite challenges, Plateau targeted 7m metric tons of Irish potato.
In Nigeria, Plateau State is the number one cultivating Irish potato as it is produced in nine of the 17 local government areas in the state.
The Potato Value Chain Support Project of the African Development Bank (AfDB) initiative has Plateau as a state with 90 per cent of the potato production in the country as countries such as Chad, Ghana, Niger, Benin and others have a disproportionate supply of potato from Nigeria.
The larger potato production in Plateau State, according to PotatoPRO.com, a leading source of informate in the global potato industry, has made Nigeria the number four great countries in sub-sahara Africa.
However, farmers said that dam was poor and poor road network, plus the cost of fertilizer and other farming input continued to stand as major setback for the production of potatoes in the nation and export.
Other challenges that contribute to low yield and loss of harvest to the potato value chain include diseases like blight and bacterial wen, as well as poor seedlings.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State is one of the ten poorest states in Nigeria with a poverty rate exceeding 70%.
However, the state has a comparative advange to boost economic activities by improving the competitiveness of the potato commodity value chain.
The Project Coordinator for the Potato value Chain Support Project, Thomas Muopshin, said though the visibility of the tuber crop is evident in nine local government areas in Plateau, the Bokkos and Mangu LGAs are the hubs in potato.
Potato is more produced than any LGA for the country.
However, Muopshin said adaptability research indicated that the remaining eight LGA in the state could also plant potato, making all 17 LGA in Plateau can produce tuber, especially in the dry season.
However, the Association of Potato Farmers (APF) in the state, said unless the challenges facing the value chain were addressed, increased production and export of potato would continue to pass the national.
Chairman of APF in Plateau State, Lazarus Makut, in an interview with Daily Trust, said the inadequate small dam, especially in remote areas where potato is planted, and bad roads plus high cost of farm input continued to affect potato output.
He said the cost of mechanised farming that could quickly increase production has become expensive as the majority of farmers are small-scale producers who are unable to afford mechanization.
Another farmer, Martha Mamgup, who planted potatoe in Ampang town in Mangu LGA, said less water during dry season affected potato farmers and harvests was low every year.
Because of this, she said, The majority of farmers are searched for locations of borehole to farm to access irrigation water in their farms.
Martha also explained that the high cost of fertiliser prevents many farmers from improving quantities plus yield quality, adding that when fertiliser is not enough, it affects the crop output.
The cost also prevents many of us from expanding the business.
Therefore, getting fertiliser is not easy for us.
She said the construction of more dams plus borehole in irrigation would lead to more production of potatoes.
If the water is not enough for the crop, it will dry and it will die later and day is why some farmers with the resources prefer to dig boreholes in Mangu forrigation because, without it, seasoned farming will be very difficult,she said.
Irish potato at a market in Jos
Production to up to 7million metric tons after completion of lab
With potato production in Plateau State which jumped from 1,656,650 metric tons in 2017 to 2,359,890 metric tons in 2020, the establishment of the Potato Value Chain Support Project and expected the construction of a tisue culture lab caused production to triple over seven million metric tons by the end of 2021.
The Officer, Monitor and Evaluate states's Potato Value Chain Support Project in the state, Baleri Yakubu, told Daily Trust that it is expected that the state start production of six million potato annually after the completion of the tissue culture lab at the end of 2021, but it is optimistic that production could exceeding seven million metric tons annually.
However, Yakubu urged the state government to tackle other challenges faced by farmers, especially the ones of fertiliser as well as dam and road networks as they expect adequate potato farming regulation to expected targets.
Our correspondent gathered that the tissue culture lab, intended to improve potato yield in the state by providing pest-tolerant clean seeds and other potato-related diseases, was expected to commence full operation in a few months.
Yakubu said it was certain that the advent of the lab would improve income for farmers and revenue for the state government and also help food security in the country.
Farmers in Plateau State, however, believe that the tissue la, if fully equipped, will reduce the cost of treatment for the crop when infected by the disease.
They are also hoping that quality seeds will be available at affordable price.
FG never returned £4.2m Ibori loot to Delta Accountant General
The Office of the Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF) reavealed on Wednesday that the Federal Government has not returned the £4.2 million loot recovered from former governor James Ibori to Delta Government.
They are still waiting for the money after that the issues that with it are resolved before any further action is taken.
For now, any money has not been returned to Delta State, according to a statement from the office revealed signed by the Director of Information, Press and Public Relations, Henshaw Ogubike.
The statement said the issue of the £4.2million loot by Ibori has not been resolved.
In the previous comment by the Accountant General of the National Assembly to return the loot to the Government of Delta, Henshaw Ogubike said: The Agf was only a general comment on money recovered as it relates to state governments.
The three Super League strongheads disagree against UEFA coercion.
Super League three Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus insisted on Wednesday that they remain committed to modernising football despite UEFA threat to discipline.
UEFA opened formal disciplinary on Tuesday against the three clubs who refused to give up on an aborted Super League project.
In a joint statement, Italian Juventus and the two Spanish sides said they were still committed to modernising football through an open dialogue with the UEFA.
FC Barcelona, Juventus FC and Real Madrid FC wish to express a absolute rejection of the insistent coercion of the UEFA mentains towards the three most relevant institutions in the history of football, the statement said.
This attitude to raise alarm constitute a breach of the decision made by the courts of justice which have made a clear statement to warn UEFA to stop taking any action that might punish the clubs who found the super League when they are still on legal matters.
Therefore, as the UEFA took disciplinary proceedings as incomprehensible and a direct attack against the rule of law by which we, citizens of the European Union, have built up with democracy, it was also a lack of respect towards the authority of the courts of justice.
China supplies up to 140 million COVID-19 vaccines
China had administered 139.97 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines as of April 4, 2021, according to the National Health Commission (NHC) of the country.
China is working to ensure vaccination efforts in major areas and key sector industries based on the overall plan of the country, inoculating the eligible population as wide as reachable and making progress in stages, as Wu Liangyou, a deputy director of the NHCs Disease Prevention and Control Bureau.
The country gathered resources to ensure inoculation in cities of large and medium sizes, cities of prot, border areas with high risk of infection, plus priority to key groups including employee in the public sector, students and faculty in college and universities, as well as service staff in the larger supermarkets, as Wu said, adding that vaccination in other groups was ongoing.
At present, Beijing, Shanghai as well as some other places in China have given senior citizens to accept the vaccine, who are above the age of 60 and patients with chronic diseases COVID-19 vaccines, who are in good physical condition.
He Qinghua, who is an official of the NHC noted that the commission would advance the vaccination campaign in order of importance, following the priices of informed consent, voluntary participation and free inoculation.
The country coordinates regular prevention and control with its vaccination efforts, ensuring that the regular responsibility of local governments and its out-fashioned governments is fulfilled, and advancing their vaccination campaigns in a manner that is more secured and orederly and forceful, as he said.
Besides, China has taken steps to engage more people in vaccination campaigns to ensure their health, the official added.
So far, China has approved COVID-19 vaccines produced by five companies for conditional marketing or emergency use.
Phase III of three inactive vaccines and an adenovirus vaccine indicates that they effectively meet the requirements of the National Medical Products Administration for China and the World Health Organization.
Phase II trial of the recombinant protein subunit vaccine appoved for emergency use has shown that the vaccine is safe and can cause strong immune response.
All the COVID-19 vaccine adopted by China has gone through clinical studies that followed relevant standards, which was approved by the national drug regulatory organisation and was introduced after passing a strict examination, said Li Bin, a deputy head of the NHC.
All vaccines should be monitored and temporarily recorded to ensure compliance with requirements on temperature environment and transportation.
Li added that health regulators in China have also enhanced efforts in training health workers, requiring them to obey operating instructions in order to guarantee the efficacy and safety of the vaccine.
Wema Bank opens a Essay contest for children
Wema bank Plc hosts a creative Essay competition to test the creative writing ability of young children aged five to 12 years.
The 2021 Royal Kiddies Essay Competition, tagged Write and Win, aimed at developing writing skills, promoting creativity, imagination capacity, reward creativity and drive excellence in their learning process.
Ten children will emerge in a screening process that will be transparent, credible and thorough.
The three top Essays will collecte Huawei tablets and Royal Kiddies branded T-shirts.
The remaining seven finalists will get a N20,000 prepaid gift card each for school supplies as well as a branded T-shirt.
The Essays competitions will be open to parents open children, including funding the Royal Kiddies Account or wards, and entries will close on May 24, 2021.
From Hushpuppi to Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tangâ
Twelve months ago, Ramoni Abass (37 years), known as a hushpuppi, was arrested in June 2020 in Dubai alleged to have done money laundering from business e-mail compromise fraud and other scams targeting firms and a English premier league club.
The total revenue he made was $435 million after in the house defraud 1,926,400 victims.
A year later, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) also arrested Abidemi Rufai (named as Sandy Tangâ), Senior Special Assistant on Special Duties to Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun, at John Fennedy Airport, concerning criminal complain to scam the Washington State Employment Security Department of $350,000 (N144,375,000).
The money they stole was a relief money for the pandemic designed by Washington State for those who may have lost their jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
It was during the lockdown of the fraud occurred and the investigation bureau began to track the alleged fraudster which would be making law in the Nigeria Federal House of Representatives if it did not loss the Ijebu North/Ijebu East/Ogun Waterside Federal Constituency election to Adekoya Adesegun, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) person.
The fraud was done by stealing identity of Washington residents of over 100 as they filled false claims with the Employment Security Department (ESD) for pandemic-related unemployment benefits.
A new e-mail account is created for each stolen identity to identify the claims with different individuals to escape the automatic fraud detection system.
Thereafter, they paid more than $288,000 to his bank accounts in America between March and August 2020.
Cybercrime is a global threat to people, organisations and countries.
Nigeria loses over $128 billion to cybercrimes yearly.
By the time 2021 will end, the world will have lost a total of $6 trillion.
To date, there have been over 40 Nigerians arrested or investigated by the FBI for complicity in fraudulent scams.
The alleged unemployemnt benefit fraud by Rufai will be under what I have called COVID-19 fraud in Nigeria.
This is a scam using loopholes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic to scam people, governments and organizations.
During the COVID-19 lockdown in Nigeria, cybercriminals made frauds along the interventions from government and private sectors and scammes and some of the schemes were still till date.
There is Domino pizza fraud, federal government cash palliative fraud, N20, 000 Dangote relief fund fraud and promote sales fraud among others.
When some are involved in cyber-criminality outside Nigeria, some youngsters are doing so in Nigeria.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) has arrested, tried and convicted them.
An understanding of the culture that sustaines cyber-criminality can help a serious government to fight the crime.
The family is the smallest world in a larger society.
It is where the normal human beign should be nutched in the society.
Aside from the fact that many families in Nigeria are dungeoned of poverty and hardly cared for their children, some of the children have become breadwinners, as it is, it is not legitimate.
Ethical behaviour training in many households is a challenge as arrest of parents including children gathered for cyber-criminality.
In some places, yahoo boys parents are forming associations to celebrate their children success and justify criminal actions.
At the religious seting, pastors, alfa and traditinalists make home and benefit from yahoo-boyism.
Moral teaching comes in materialistic Pentecostalism to enter.
There is a viral video where some boys spray money while people who seem to be shepherds in the white garment church enjoy the moment of captive, while members led by the female youth wings of the church record the act of shame.
A boy born in 1999 when Nigeria entered into democracy is now 21 years old.
Sadly, they grew up appreciating falsehood as a way of life from the mouth of politicians (and in most cases from home) who decieve people to vote for them and not fulfilling the promises made for comppaign.
Lying is also the foundation of the sociology of hushpuppism.
Youth is socialised daily in terms of corruption by public offices.
They see how the system offers farudulent people soft landing (in public or private).
Is it asking how many fraud and corruption allegations have been investigated and discharged with punishment when the accuse is found guilty?
The majority of cases ended with off-the-mic like as the Nigeria Delta Development Commission (NDDC) case ended with family affairs.
The youths are seen celebrating a flamboyant lifestyle in dirty.
It is observed how poor political aspirants become millionaries withim months of assuming office.
They can see how traditional institutions have become cash and take on giving chieftancy titles.
Tertiary educational institutions, with few exceptions, are awarding undeserving honours in exchange for money.
All those with mismanage monets have soft landing.
To add to this list of cultures that nuture cybercrime is the lyrical glamour that some Nigerian musicians offer cybercrime as they present cybercrime as a work and game for all and that it is not crime.
If we elect fraud to enter legislation, will it make a law against the crime it involves?
The process by party leaders to give party nomination to the high bid requires a review if we want to stop importing problematic speeches into our political system that has already lost morality.
It is unfortunate that the critical reasoning of party leaders is low when they are shown money.
They provide a platform for dubious characteristics to do cover up and the society is worsening with them actions.
Greed also causes cyber-criminality.
The FBI agent, incestigating Rufai, Donald Voiret, said the greed is a powerful motivator.
Unfortunately, the greed by which these defends are allegedly affected by all taxpayers.
To move forward, we cannot live in sin, expecting grace to abound.
Nigeria should sanitise their anti-coruption system and place accoutability policy in place to track lifestyles with material accumulation.
Youths in Nigeria must be given hope by creating employment opportunities, reducing poverty and reviewing reward systems.
The EFCC needs to invest in technology and expose detective to modern cybercrime investigation procedures.
The commission needs to have completed an investigation before the arrest of suspects as did the FBI before the arrest of huspuppi and Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang.
Unless they tackle the culture that sustained cybercrimes in Nigeria with social social engineering, cyber-criminality will continue to spread.
Dr Tade, a sociologist wrote this piece on dotad2003@yahoo.com
DRC President Tshisekedi seats in the African Union
President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Felix Tshisekedi, took the chair in the African Union on Saturday.
He took office on the first day of the 34th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government in Addis Ababa.
He is coming after President Cyril Ramaphosa as the rotating chair of the organization in South Africa.
The Au is aimed at addressing the adverse impact of COVID-19 on the continent.
The Union
Official theme for 2021 is Arts, Culture, and Heritage: Levers for Building the Africa We Want.
Despite countrys and continent-wide control measures, the impact of COVID-19 has brought a lot of human, financial and soci-economic cost to the African people, Tshisekedi said.
However, the crisis has given us the opportunity to re-examine our socio-economic priorities and work towards sustainable and inclusive economic growth to enable women and girls to contribute to our society for the fullest.
We must rely on ourselves more and collective solutions to our problems.
Tshisekedi said that the DRC in its time as the head of the union was looking to elevate African voices.
It will also focus on sustainable development by and for Africa.
We work to ensure integration of well-beign, peace and security, health care and strong response to COVID-19, including food security.
Agricultural transformation, education, gender equality, climate justice, for people and freedom to move, and speech freedom and religion plus to enhance our common heritage: languages, and memorial sites of the history of people in Africa, which will be the centre of ouw agenda, the president added.
Lagos PDP concerning LG polls new problem
A fresh challenge has been gathered in the Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) concerning the release of guidelines in the conduct of the coming local government elections released by the chairman of the state, Engr Deji Doherty.
Engr Doherty, who has been battling with several of his colleagues in the State Working Committee (SWC), who led to his suspension recently, released the guidelines on Friday.
It may recall that the State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) has released the timetable for the elections to be held on Saturday, July 24, 2021.
Amidst lingering internal strife for the State PDP, the chairman released the guidelines which as we heard was not good in the eyes of most of the executive members who said they were not taken for much longer.
A member of the state executive said the chairman set the timetable unilaterally and did not involve other executive members.
It was learnt that the other factions of the party oppose Doherty to counter the embattled Chairman this over the guidelines.
The executive member who spoke in the condition of being anonymous said the positions of the angry member would go to public this week, insisting that the key member of the executive is sidelined.
How she feels to be born in the pandemic By Dil Afrose Jahan
When news of death is everywhere, a new life brings hapines plus hope.
On January 1, 2020, a new morning, two red lines changed my life.
I am pregnant and happy.
Mamzing begins new year.
It was the most remarkable year in my life.
All of a sudden, everything changed.
My daughter Roshomon Tara was born at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Bangladesh; she is now nine months old and I have born my daughter Roshomon Tara at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Bangladesh; she is now nine months old.
She was my mother in the middle of a global crisis.
Not only was it born, but it was also new to me, mother Tara, who spent the entire pregnancy in a lockdown at home and gave birth to the child in an emergency condition in the emergency.
Tara has seen the world with mask and isolation.
Her grandmother also fears to touch her or approach her if they do not wear a mask.
If there is no pandemic, my journey to enter motherhood would be different.
This Mother Day was so special as my children were in front of me, looking at me and smiling.
On the last mother day, she was growing in me.
The only thing not changed, meanwhile, is the pandemic.
I had 16 weeks of abdomen when the pandemic occurred, and the world was closed down.
I was struggling to survive the pandemic with my hormonal and physical changes.
The 22 weeks were like a war.
My husband, Sina Hasan, was a musician, and all his concerts were cancelled at that time.
I am a freelance journalist since January 1, 2021.
So we all depended on what I had saved already and spent all my savings.
Our parents and two journalists associations were forwarded to help in the main time.
I was frightening.
Most of the time, it was as if he had died.
knocked at our door.
I am adapting to a new life that we click on the net and deliver our thimgs or a home-delivery.
I had to wait a week for the deliverance of groceries like day.
I was even afraid to send out for me the only family member, my husband, to buy food storage.
So, I am not eating too much.
Beside also, I couldn't go for my antenatal check-up as I was given time.
And I am not sure if my children are growing well or if development is taking place timely.
I am very sorry for my unborn child that I am bringing him into a world as different than ever.
I received tele-medication through some difficult times in the last three months.
I have lost the face of my gynaecologist.
I couldn't imagine she would look at if she didn't wear PPE.
I need to inform myself about risks, precautions, and how to get emergency medical help.
A lot of information is flowing around.
Within this informed problem, experienced mothers and mother-in-law can only support me and not only support me because they met me as someone when I got pregnant.
Traditionally, experienced mothers and mostly older women in the family will help new mothers with their experience plus observation.
I have had several panic attacks because of lack of information and understanding.
So I am, in turn, the experience of a mother who gave birth in this time.
I saw social media as a lifeline.
I read many exciting experiences on social media when I was associated with a group with over 100,000 pregnant women and breastfeeding children who supported each other to survive the pandemic.
Media groups on the platform have helped over 100,000 pregnant women and the breeding body by sharing experiences and informating during the lockdown.
One of the groups helped me to find heakth care fcility to do emmergency ultrasound after heavy bleeding fir into the lockdown.
Another group helped to eradicate anxiety and depression following childbirth.
I was upset that I couldn't meet my parents, relatives, or friends to share the joy of welcoming my new member in the family.
My daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago, and my daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago.
And she met another child on one when she was four months old on December 31, 2020, when Tara and her father went to the rooftop with me to see the fireworks.
Another finally with two children, my neighbour, whom I met for the first time, would also be able to go and talk about byeby in 2020.
Each day is it, and it is still a gift, to consider the recent statistics of increased Covid-19 cases.
When news about death is full everywhere, the new life brings hapines and hope.
For their mothers, it was no different from winning the war as their children were born in the pandemic and taking care of the new child alone to confirm the highest safety for their children.
So socially, emotionally, and physically, this is a challenge.
Thanks to the light shining in the eyes of the baby.
Thanks to my daughter, my mother and a successful fighter who survived this pandemic.
dil Afrose Jahan has collected the National Geographic Society's Emergency Fund for Journalists.
This work is supported by the National Geographic Society.
The national question, insecurity and the declaration in Asaba.
By Segun Tomori
Recently, governors in southern Nigeria met in Asaba and some resolutions were made on the state of the nation, which is now called Asaba declaration.
The meeting was coming on the matter as insecurity in the country worsened, agitation by some ethnic jingoist and the matter murderous herdsmen menace generated nationwide attention.
Indeed, the bi-partisan nature of the meeting as well as the unanimity displayed by the 17 governors indicates serious business.
Restructuring in the context of true federalism and the ban of open grazing formed the purpose of the declaration.
Major lights were to bring state police, devolution of power, to review revenue formula to favour federating unit plus the need for a national dialogue to discuss the nations question.
While they ought to condemn the governments being dragged on financial authoritarianism in state legislation and judiciary and not adhering to the spirit of true federalism called for, planty in their resolutions is a tenet in the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) recommended by the committee led by Gov. El=Rufai on true federalism.
One expected that the leading light in the APC would take advantage of the bipartisan nature of the Asaba declaration, and the support of the major opposition party to begin the process to address the issue.
Instead, we saw attempts to take part in the gallery and in some quarters, subtle censure of the governors.
The El-Rufai committee recommends devolution of power, resource control, state police, local government autonomy plus review in revenue formule in favour of federating units among them.
President Buhari has since been supporting local government, state legislation and judiciary autonomy by backing amendments in the statutes and issuing Executive Order 010.
As the state of the nation, where security and economic challenges become, these two sectors should have the untimate attention of one another.
Despite the fact that Nigeria is ranked as the country with the highest GDP in Africa, we have not made adequate efforts to translate it to improving living standards or the majority of our nationwide.
For instance now, our annual budget of $35 billion, is very inadequate to take cater to the needs of the 220 million Nigerians.
South Africa has a national budget of about 58 million people reaching $75bn in 2019 and its Social Protection Programme reaching 17m of its population.
The efforts by the Buhari administration, though new and commendable, were just dropped in the ocean and were not adequate to make required impacts.
Here is the devolution of power and resources control.
Solid minerals and natural resources have no business to stay more than one day in the Exclusive list.
Almost all states in the country have natural resources to sell markets that can be explored to create wealth and generate the foreign exchange required by the country.
The present system where states go to Abuja to collecte federal allocation within the country breaks indolence, not adhering to the principle of true federalism.
Just as the El-Rufai committee proposed, the revenue formula should be reviewed to take favour states since adding more responsibilities to them.
On state police, it is undesratndable that you are feared by governors to abuse it, but like Richie Nortondon said, To escape fear, you have to go through it, not around it.
For too long, we have been walking round fear of abuse of state police, we have turned a blind eye to the centralised Nigerian Police Force which is now overstretched and which has become inefficient and huge problem.
According to the vice-president Osinbajo a few years ago, State Police is an idea that his time has come.
We have to address our fears and overcome it.
One of the ways is to enact legal instrument to establish the State Police Regulatory Commission (SPRC), along with constitutional amendments to allow state police.
He would have similar roles with the Federal Police Service Commission (PSC) but would have wider power to exercise appointive plus regulatory roles.
The ban on open grazing, which was restated by the governors, was part of the fulcrum of the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) approved by the National Executive Council (NEC).
The International Crisis Group (ICG) has placed the NLTP as the most comprehensive effort Nigeria has made to date to overhaul the inefficient and grosly underperforming livestock system.
In the essence of a strategy to curb migrory or open grazing and thus lower the risk of conflict between herders and farmers, therefore, beggars belief that some myopic, self-acclaimed ethnic champions choose to lampoon the ban on pre-historic, nomadic open grazing.
Let the federal and stage governments move very fast to fully implement this new plan in order to put these farmers-herders clashes that occur from time to time behind us.
The convocation of a National Dialogue, which is a major demand for the Assaba declaration may not be necessary since there are reports from the 2014 National Conference plus recommendations by the Gov. El-Rufai -led APC committee on True Federalism.
The two reports were to make far reaching recommendations agreed on by governors elected and legislators in the national assembly instead of wasting resources not available on another jamboree.
On the issue of separatist agitations, they should bring modalities for the conduct of a referendum as it is in the constitution.
It is almost certain that a majority of Nigerians want to live together, not minding our differences.
To do this will take the sails out of the wind of divisive elemnetes, who fan fire of hatred and discord.
The Southern Governors have affirmed their commitment to one United Nigeria on the basis of justice, fairness and equity, so must every patriotic Nigerian.
Though we have challenges like any other country, we must listen to ourselves as US President Joe Bidden often speaks.
Tomori lives in Abuja
Two officers are dead when IPOB terrorists set ablaze on police station
It is not more than 24 hours after the new commissioner of police appointed in Anambra, Christopher Adetokumbo Owolabi, resumes that his terrorists attacked Obosi Police Station in Idemili North local government area of the state and killed two officers.
The terrorists attacked the police station late on Wednesday, freed the suspects who were detained before the station was set on fire.
A member of the police station who was affected said a large number of terrorists intercepted and attacked the police station around 11 pm.
He identified the dead officers as Inspector James and Awalu.
The source said the victims were killed in a filling station near the police station which was unfunctional.
The source also said when other police officers on duty noticed unusual movement of the unknown gunmen, they ran and the attackers had time to burn the police station down.
Meanwhile, the police in Anambra had confirmed the killing of two men.
The Command Public Relations Officer (PPRO), DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, who confirmed the attack, said the state commissioner of police had dispatched a tactical team to assess the incident on the spot.
The tactical team led by the Assistant Commissioner of Police has instruction to see on the spot assessment of the place.
It was also directed to the team to try to identify and capture the terrorist suspects, according to him.
Ikenga, who added the body of the two police had been in the nearby morgue, said an investigation on the matter had commenced.
NEPC, Commonwealth collaborates on production of professional service export data
The Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC) and the Commonwealth Secretariat London are to collaborate to produce reliable data on export for professional services in Nigeria.
Speaking at the inaugural meeting of the National Consultative Committee for the International Trade-in-Services (NCCITS) held under the Commonwealth Secretariat London, the Executive Director/Chief Executive Officer of the NEPC, Mr. Olusegun Awolowo, said Nigeria has no readily accessible and reliable data on trade-in-service.
Awolowo said that they had also tried to create awareness on the trade-in service sector of the economy, including the creation of a National Strategy for Export of Professional Services in 2010.
He said the Commonwealth had helped Nigeria to develop a road-map for the sector in 2016.
The employer of NEPC said the current focus in collaboration with the Commonwealth Secretariat is on data/statistics collection and management.
This, he said, is critical to our efforts in export as it fills the gap in collecting or capturing data from relevant institutions in order to generate, analysis and use statistical information on trade-in Services as it is globally.
NITDA, firm to launch tech startup funding in July
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) and a firm beased in the United States Mass Challenge have signed a agreement to financially support between 10 and 15 start-ups from July, to reach full potential withing 12 months.
Director General of NITDA, Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi, said this on Tuesday during a virtual media stakeholder engagement with officials of the MassChallenge.
Abdullahi said the initiative was designed to identify and accelerate top start-ups based in Nigeria and grow their to serve the Nigeria and global markets.
The DG of NITDA said the initiative would be launched in July, adding that it would improve tech innovation and entrepreneurship across the country.
Start up a vibrant ecosystem that is highly critical to the future of our country and it is Vital to seek solutions to our various challenges.
Innovation is a prominent way of creating properity for all and lifting countries out of poverty.
The CEO of MassChallenge, Siobhan Dullea, says the firm has supported over 2,900 start-up globally and that the firms have generated $3.6 billion revenue and created 86,000 jobs.
Kidnappers arrest two women in Abuja council
Kidnappers have taken two women, Christiana Isa Attah and Favor David, behind Anguwar Kpokpolobi community in Naharati, Abaji Area Council, FCT.
The mother of the two victims, Mrs. Ruth Attah, a retired school teacher, told our reporter at her home that about midnight on Saturday the incident happened.
She said she was sleeping and the children were in the room when the kidnappers stormed the house after jumping the fence below the height.
She said a window was broken to go into the room where her children were sleeping and carry out with guns in their hands.
When the girls noticed that they were trying to break the window, they ran into my room to hide, but the kidnappers followed them to my room, and they led us all out, she said.
According to her, the kidnappers left her after some metres they passed home when they noticed that she couldn't walk because of old age.
It was after we crossed a river where I couldn't move again and then the other gang members asked me to go back home while they left with my two children, she added.
A resident, who sought anonymity, said the kidnappers operated for more than an hour while shooting up to scare people from them.
He said no security man came here when the kidnappers were shot in the air for more than an hour.
Daily Trust learnt that until that very day, the woman and her children were always sleeping at neighbouring homes and returning home from fear of kidnappers just a few metres from the river.
It was also gathered that the daughter of the woman, who is a class teacher in the area is preparing for a wedding for next month.
The spokesman of the police command in the FCT, ASP Maryam Yusuf, refused to pick a call or reply to a text message sent to her phone to confirm the latest kidnap incidents in the area.
Why I ran for gov in Anambra Anglican Priest
An Anglican Priest, Rev Godwin Okonkwo, has said he is racing for the November governorship election in Anambra state for bringing the fear of God and knowledge of prudent use of resources to show on governance in the state.
Okonkwo, who spoke with Daily Trust on Wednesday shortly after speaking with his supporters in Awka, the Anambra state capital, said the state was laging behind in terms of good governance.
The people there for now have not been able to manage the resources of Anambra state for the good of the Anambra people.
I believe we can do better than by managing the resources of the state.
It is time to move from lukewarm attitude of leadership to better leadership.
I am at Apc to change the poor outings of the party in the state in the past years, he said.
Barty beat Kvitova to play last four matches against Badosa
Ashleigh Barty will take on Paula Badosa in the semifinal of Madrid Open after beating Petra Kvitova 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 on Wednesday.
World No1 Barty is chasing her fourth singles title this year after winning in Stuttgart 10 days ago.
In the last four she will face the woman who beat him out in the quarterfinal at Charleston in early April.
On Wednesday, the Australian came out as top against Wimbledon twice won plus 2015, Madrid open winner Kvitova.
Wildcard Badosa became the first Spanish woman in the tournament that was on 12 years to make the semi with her 6-4, 7-5 win over eighth seed Belinda Bencic.
22 mummies of Pharaoh parade in Egypt
Two-two mummies of pharaoh wlk on the street of Cairo on Saturday evening at a stunning royal procession from Egyptian Museum on Tahrir Square to the new National Museum of Egyptian Civilization (NMEC) in Fustat.
It was marked as the NMEC officially launched.
Against the backdrop of fireworks, the mummies" 18 kings and four queens" travelled in order of age on purpose-built gold-colored pharaonic chariots, equipped with an air ride suspension system to absorb vibrations, and bearing the names of their occupants in Arabic, English, and hieroglyphics.
Seekenenre Tao II, who ruled Upper Egypt around 1,600 BCE, led the parade, as Ramses ix, who ruled in the 12th Century BCE, brought up the rear.
In compliance with the strict international standard in the transport of artifacts, the royal is placed on state-of-the-art sterile display cases to guarantee immaculate preservation.
It was 60 motorcycles, 150 horses, and a pharaonic music ensemble that renowned Egyptian maestro Nader Abbassiconduct followed the mummie.
The procession started with a 21-gun salute, circled the obelisk at the close Tahrir Square, and then proceeded along the Nile to NMEC, where Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El-Sisi personally welcomed the mummies to their new permanent home in Fustat, the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization.
The parade which lasted for 40-minutes captured participation of 12 celebs in Egypt, broadcast by 200+ global TV channels.
The pricelees artifact will spend the next two weeks in the NMECs laboratory where they will be prepared for installation in the Royal Mummies Hall, located at the valley of the kings.
The Royal Mummies Hall will be opened to visitors on April 18, celebrating World Heritage Day.
To promote the launch, NMEC is offering 50 percent discount on entry ticket price to the Central Exhibition Hall for guests from April 4 to 17.
Adding, representatives of local and international media have the opportunity to take pictures and video the artifacts in the Central Exhibition Hall for free on April 4 and 5.
Overlooking Ain Al Sirafor the heart of the historical city of ustat near Babylon Fortress, NMEC is one of the largets and most important archeology museums in the world and the first to end for the entire civilization in Egypt.
Uproar in Kano prison concerning illicit drugs
Pandemonium in Kano Central prison in Kurmawa on Thursday evening over illicit drugs
The uproar started when the warders in the prison were detected and seized cannabis, allegedly brought in immate on Thursday evening.
When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) in Kano State, Musbahu Lawal Kofar Nasarawa, confirmed the matter, adding that there have been a committee set to find out how the cannabis penetrated into the centre.
Cannabis was allegedly brought into prison and collected by our operatives, so they started shouting, they said, We should give it.
We have already set up a committee to find out how such illicit drugs get into the house; whether they are put into the food they have brought to one of the prisoners or someone conive with some of our operatives.
The action did not get anythimg with jailbreak, it was just uproar, we have already reinforced the order back in the custodial centre, he added.
Rumour reports that the prisoners were to break the jail to attempt to escape while rejecting the food they had given to break fast, on collectively bumping donations from philantropists.
The spokesman of NCoS has debunked the rumour, describing them as baseless.
Daily Trust reports that the 100 years in jail located in Kurmawa area, behind the Palace of Emir in the metropolis, is the biggest custodial centre in the state.
FG calls for global action against terrorism, drug trafficking
The federal government urged world leaders to strengthen international cooperation as part of effort to successfully fight terrorism and drug trafficking, including other crimes.
This is despite Nigeria expressed concern over the incidents of poor financial flows from a developed economy to a already developed economy around the world.
These are part of the position Nigeria presented at the ongoing conference of the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, in Vienna.
Spokesman of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Femi Babafemi, is speaking as the Chairman/Chief Executive of the agency, Brig-Gen.
Mohammed Buba Marwa (Retd), who presented the position of Nigeria in the items 6C and 7 of the meeting as he said as a nation deepens cooperation and strengthens the processes of combating the financing of terrorism and prevention of terrorists in order not to benefit from ransom payments, it is also important for them to avoid overlooking trafficking in illicit drugs.
It is also necessary to pay attention to and control as illicit trafficking spread, brain- affected drugs, which lead to violence.
Nigeria is also worried that the link between terrorism and other forms of crime such as corruption, poor flow of money, money laundering, is growing, illicit trafficking in drugs, cybercrime, trafficking in individuals and smuggling of migrants, Marwa said.
When delivering a statement from Nigeria at item 6C on Wednesday, Marwa said as nations renew their desire to enhance international cooperation to address every crime, Nigeria urged all states, once again, to make sincere efforts, to address the cause from the root, including poverty, economic deprivation, inequality, drug abuse, and other socio-economic factors.
When presenting the statement of the country on item 7 on Thursday, Marwa said, Nigeria notes with great concern the incidence of illicit financial flows, we are passing through the financial system every year, from developing and developed analysis.
To advocate the perpetrators, including financial institutions that act as enablers, the state party should ensure that illicit financial flow, when tracked, does not remain in custody of financial institutions but should be transformed into escrow accounts, preferably in development banks pending return to countries of origin.
In this regard, we are calling for implementation of the recommendation of the facti panel supporting access recovery and the agenda 2030 for sustainable development.
Timipre Sylva, Kurfi celebrated as Chelsea win the Champions League
Two prominent members of the former Governor of Bayelsa State and present Minister of State for Petroleum, Mr. Timipre Marlin Sylva and the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, Alhaji Aminu Balele Kurfi were better celebrating mood on SUnday after Chelsea football clubs have won secodn champions league title.
In a final all English, former champions Chelsea shocked Man City 1-0 at the Estadio.
dragao in Porto to win their second trophy.
Kai Havertz, one of the most expensive additions from last summer, scored the goal of setting a third defeat in a row on Pep Guardiola's City.
Moments after the match, the former governor tweet I supported Chelsea FC for UCL trophy, and I do not regret.
Kurfi who watched proceedings in Abuja with Sylva said he created time to watch the match with the former Bayelsa State governor to support and celebrate with amm after the match.
I need to support him because he is an avid fan of Chelsea.
I am also feigning that at the end, he has reasons to celebrate.
Not everyone knows His Excellency Timipre Sylva is a passion for sports, especially football.
On my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I am a father to all supporters of different clubs in my state.
I am with Chelsea from where I was loaned to Katsina United.
From United, I was loaned to Kufri Tigers, and presently, I am in every club, as Kufri expressed interest in playing.
Elections in Uganda: President Museveni has early lead, rival calls it a fraud
President Yoweri Museveni has taken early lead in individual elections in Ugand, according to results first entered from the electoral commission on Friday morning.
This is as his main rival has said he is proof of fraud in the election.
Given 29.4 per cent of votes from ballot voted on Thursday, Museveni have won 1,852,263 votes, or 63.9 per cent as the main opposition candidate named Bobi Wine has 821,874 or 28.4 per cent, as the commission said just after 11.00 a.m. (0800 GMT).
Wine alleges fraud
Wine, a singer who became a lawmaker who colobied young Uganda citizens with a call for political change, told a press conference on Friday that he had a video of proof that fraud was on the vote, and that the vote ended in peace.
He earlier tweeted that he was so confident that he would win despite fraud and violence.
Museveni, who has led the country in East Africa with a population of 46 million in 34 years, has never said anything as at noon.
Internet blackout
On Wednesday, the government ordered the blocking of the internet till further notice, a day after the ban on all social media and messaging apps.
Wine and his supporters used Facebook to show a live coverage of his campaigns and a news conference after alleging that many media outlets refused to host it.
The election campaign was corrupted with deadly crackdown on opposition candidates and supporters.
The capital city of Uganda, Kampala, was normally bumped in quiet on Friday, a public holiday after Thursday votes, with most shops closed.
Soldiers patrolled with feet in rain in a suburb visited by Reuters.
Commission head, Simon Byabakama, assured the nation on live TV on Thursday evening after polls were closed that results had come into the national tally centre despite the nationwide internet blackout.
We are not using local internet to transmit results, we are using our own system, as he said, without giving details of the system.
No wory, result will come, Byabakama said.
New waves of pandemic hit more in Japan prefectures.
Japan is ready to expand the present state of emergency to cover three more prefectures, the government said on Friday.
This followed the widespread infection of coronavirus in the country ahead of the Tokyo Olympics in summer.
The prefectures in Hokkaido, Okayama and Hiroshima are likely to get the measure from Sunday to end May, as Economic Revitalisation Minister, Yasutoshi Nishimura, told newsmen.
A panel of experts endorsed the proposal, as Nishimura, in charge of the coronavirus response by the government, said.
The northern island of Hokkaido a record of 712 new infections on Thursday as the western prefecture of Hiroshima also witnessed a record of 219 new cases on Wednesday.
As the infection grows, Hiroshima and Okayama cancel torch relay expected to happen in the last week on public roads.
International Olympic Committee President, Thomas Bach, is expected to participate in the torch relay event in Hiroshima on May 17.
However, local organisers said Bach had posted a trip to Japan before the games.
The postpon was as the government extended the state of emergency in Tokyo including three other prefectures until the end of May, adding two more regions known as Aichi, Fukuoka in the measure.
The government declared the state of emergency in the four prefectures in April, requesting bars and restaurants to stop serving alchohol and no longer offering karaoke services.
Experts give warning that varieties that are more contagious can rapidly spread, especially the roll coronavirus vaccine is very slowsince it is launched mid-February.
Only one per cent of Japan's
125 million people have been fully vaccinated.
Farmers will benefit from mechanised farm in Jigawa.
The Malam Alu Agro Allied Company, a farm on a 100-hectare land in Faru village, along Maiduguri road, Birnin Kudu Local Government Area of Jigawa State, has been changing the prception into mechanised farming in Nigeria, the GM in the Mansur Dau Aliyu said.
The establishment of the farm almost five years ago, as we gathered, was in a direct response to a call by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari that Nigeria should return to agriculture as the mainstay of the economy in the nation, beyond relying on iol as the source of revenue in the country.
Each cattle has a nomba tag attached to it in the ear.
Founder of the company, Farouk Adamu Aliyu, a former member in the House of Representatives key into it, the GGM added.
We are doing greenhouse farming.
We have 10,000 square-metre soilles greenhouse, where we produce tomatoes.
We also have two 250 square-metre greenhouses where we produce other greenhouse vegetables, as well as another 500 square-metre greenhouse, used as a nursery.
These greenhouse are all foreign-oriented, which have been installed to produce varieties of vegetables.
Only tomatoes produce for the 10,000 square automated soilless greenhousedem; and we produce an average of 10 to 11 tons of tomatoes every week.
We have another 10,000 square-metre locally fabricated greenhouse.
We also have livestock section, where we have over 300 herds of cattle, some camels, goats and sheep, as he said.
Daily Trust learnt that the farm also has a fishery unit, with about 50,000 fish in the pond.
Similarly, an forty-ton hour fertiliser blending plant installed in the early part of the year, as we heard, has produced up to 300 loads of NPK fertiliser under the Presidential Fertiliser Initiative.
We have imported equipment that can install 120,000 capacity in poultry system.
We hope to produce between 3,000-4,000 crates of eggs in a day, Mansur said.
He said the farm also has a diary plant, which produces 2,000 litres of milk in a day, adding that they also have about 150-200 hectares of land elsewhere left for open field farming as well as cultivation of rice and other crops.
Masur said the major buyers of the tomato are premium customers, notably, big hotels in Abuja and Lagos, among others.
He however confirmed that the main market for the product is mainly in the eastern part of the country such as Enugu, Onitsha, Owerri.
However, he admitted that apart from the few customers who are in Kano, they were very little seen tomato products in the local markets for some reason.
First, it is the fact that tomato production is a special species and the second reason is the fact that Jigawa is a major area of tomato production.
You know that tomato is a common product here, thus ouw price is less than the open market.
So, essencially, people don't actually look at us, they fell apprehensive with what we get because they believe it is expensive.
And when you have products that are available everywhere, you are sure that people will purchase the cheapest.
The fish are fed by one farm.
Asking about the average lifespan of the tomato product, he said, If you give everything it takes to the tomato, it means that nutrional supplements that you feed it as it grows, if you give all these things, the tomato may last up to three weeks after harvest.
But without it, it will last at least one week, not for refrigeration, and not in presure and excessive heat.
It can be placed on a table where ventilation is adequate.
It can last for an average of 10 days, but if provided all the required nutrients) it can last up to one month.
We have experimented it, but then it does not happen as you always want.
The farm is a source of employment for about 200 people in the village where it is located.
He also said the company has some people to train the youths for the Araea on information technology skills.
He further said most of the equipment used in the field came from Turkey, except the fertiliser-blending machine, which was imported from China.
He said even the farming method is similar in Turkey because there are Turkish partners that help them to maintain the standard, but quickly he added that the company is conscious of allowing Nigerians to run the tachnical aspect of its operations.
Reflecting on the effect of COVID-19 on the operation of the company, Mansur said, Malam Alu, as other corporate entities in the country, suffered from devastating effects of the virus.
In Mansur, youths in Nigeria have no excuse to remain unemployed with the opportunity provided by agriculture, noting that the people who are locking in white-collar jobs should be adjusted to reality and go back to agriculture.
He believes Nigeria has been doing its mandate for a long time, noting that if the country had taken this step, the present economic problem would have been cornered.
2023: Lawmakers to seek better deal in Southern Kaduna
The member representing Jaba Constituency in the State House of Assembly in Kaduna, Samson Monday Dikko, called on good people to come together and map out strategies to salvage Southern Kaduna Senatorial District and people in 2023.
Speaking after a meeting with stakeholders in Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State at the weekend, Dikko, who aspired to be a senator in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), said those who are supposed to care in southern Kaduna people had abandoned them.
It is time for the entire Southern Kaduna people to get it right.
We need to transform our region and improve security, education, health, agriculture, economy, employment and empowerment for the teeming youths and we will do it with a renowned non-governmental organisation, he added.
The Director-General of the Campaign Organisation in Dikko, Timothy Chindo Kwassam, said the destiny of the people of Kaduna South Senatorial District would be given their hands if Dikko represented them in the senate in 2023.
Everything under the sun has a reason.
So as Dikko comes in this critical period of time not an ordinary coincidence, but it is a divine play from God to liberate the region from all that hinder it from growing and compelling with other regions, Kwassam said.
3 Africa, no Nigeria among, as City, Chelsea are contesting UEFA Champions League final
No doubt, football fans in Nigeria are eagerly waiting for the 2020/2021 UEFA Champions League finals to take place tonight between two English clubs Manchester City and Chelsea will contest in the Estadio do Dragao, Porto in Portugal.
Given the fact that the UEFA Champions League is one of the biggest football competitions next to the FIFA World Cup and the Olympic football event, the level of expectation has increased as giants in the English Premier League are setting to fight for the prestigious diadem.
While Manchestre City have not previously won the Champions League title, Chelsea won the first and only the title in 2012.
Therefore, despite football pundits tiping City to just win premiership number seven to win this night, Chelsea will enter into the contest with betta credentials.
They were a former chsmpion.
However, as the technical crew leader Thomas Tuchel in Chelsea has not yet won the Champions League, his opponent in Manchester City dugout, Pep Guardiola has won him twice.
He won him against Barcelona in 2009 and in 2010.
Therefore, there was a lot to expect from the actors who would come into the field at Estadio.
do Dragao in Porto and the men who take charge of the technical area.
Interestingly, even as both contestants had only three African players in Riyad Mahrez (Algeria, Manchester City), Hakim Ziyech (Morococo, Chelsea) and Edourad Menday (
Senegal, Chelsea) Africa's interest in the final drops.
Here in Nigeria, both Chelsea and Manchester City enjoy plenty of followers from passionate football fans, expection has always been causing fever, and it has led to interesting realignment.
Fans of the other clubs who have been out of other stages of the Champions League re-aligned themselves with either Chelsea or Manchester City as interests become diverse enough.
The consequence is that the final is one of the topics being discussed in sports at the moment and fans of the premiereship club have continued to predict as the finalresult could be.
However, as almost everyone is waiting to savour the football artistry display, some pundits are ranked as the nomba of African players in the final of the biggest football competitions on earth are decreasing.
Following history in the UEFA Champions League, only 24 African footballers have contested and won the trophy with European clubs.
It is sad that African football legends like Liberia's George Weah who was voted as World Footballer of the year in 1995,
Rashidi Yekini of Nigeria, Mohamed Aboutrika of Egypt, Roger Mila of Cameroon, Jay-Jay Okocha, Sunday Oliseh, Taribo West and Victor Ikpeba of Nigeria, Rigobert Song of Cameroon and Hassam Hassan of Egypt did not win the Champions League as they knew football enough.
Although Mo Salah (Egypt), Sadio Mane (Senegal), Joel Matip (Cameroon) and Naby Keita (Guinea) are on the big stage when Liverpool won their 6th UEFa Champions league title in 2019, the first African to win the trophy was Bruce Grobbelaar of Zimbabwe.
He the feat with Liverpool in 1984.
He was won by the Algerian legend Rabah Madjer against FC Porto in 1987 and Abedi Pele (Ghana) against Olympique Marseille in 1993 before Nigeria.
duo of George Findi and Nwankwo Kanu lifted him with Ajax Amsterdam in 1995.
It was also a record that the Geremi Njitap of Cameroon was the first African to win the title twice in 2000 and 2002 with Spanish giants Real Madrid, Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon tripled with Barcelona 2006, 2009 and 2010 with Inter Milan.
Another African who has won the highky coveted trophy is Ibrahim Tanko (Ghana)
Borussia Dortmund 1997, Samuel Kuffour (Ghana) Bayern Munich 2001, Benni McCarthy (South Africa) FC Porto 2004, Djimi Traore (Mali)
) Liverpool 2005, Yaya Toure (Cote dIvoire)
Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Seydou Keita (Mali) Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Sully Muntari (Ghana)
Inter Milan 2010 and McDonald Mariga (Kenya) 2010.
John Mikel Obi (Nigeria), Michael Essien (Ghana), Salomon Kalou (Cote dIvoire), Didier Drogba (Cote dIvoire) who won him with Chelsea in 2012 and Achraf Hakimi (Morocco), with Real Madrid 2018 completed the list of Africans who won the UEFA Champions League.
To get close to home, the last time Nigerians won the trophy was in 2012 when Mikel Obi was among AFricans to lift the trophy with Chelsea at the expense of Bayern Munich.
After that achievement by the former captain of Super Eagles, Nigeria saw other talented players rise, such as Ahmed Musa, Wilfred Ndidi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Alex Iwobi, William Troost-Ekong, Leon Balogun, Ola Aina, Isaac Success, Chigozie Awaziem, Tyrone Ebuehi, Moses Simon and lately Victor Osimhen.
But none of them have been feature in the final of the biggest club competitions in Europe.
The reason is not clear.
The competitions were dominated by the top five clubs in Europe: Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Manchester United and Liverpool.
Unfortunately, Nigerian players have failed to enter highly rated clubs in Europe.
It is hoping from Nigerias football stakeholders that very soon the new generation of players will break the barrier and begin to play in clubs with potential to win the UEFA Champions League.
If this fails, then the football fans in Nigeria will continue to live with the agony of watching finakls of the UEFA Champions League coming and going without the presence of any Nigerian player.
While Nigerians were waiting for the next Super Eagle player to rise to the top of the European club competitions the way Find George, Nwankwo Kanu did so with Ajax in 1995 and Mikel Obi in 2012, only few hours left for the 2021 All English clubs final.
At the end, there will be a victory for the Manchester club hunting for their first title or the Londoners prime in the second itle and the most watchful football league in the world, Premiership will be the ultimate winner.
Eyimba forced FC IfeanyiUbah to 2-2 draw in the Oriental derby.
Enyimba FC came from behind to secure a 2- draw deserved for a week 14 fixture rescheduled against orientalistic brothers FC IfeanyiUbah at the Aba international stadium.
The orietal derby witnessed that Eyimba made three changes to the team who lost at Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar was returned after weeks of laying off while Anthony Omaka and Victor Mbaoma came into the starting line up again.
The first 28 minutes of the game saw both sides try to hit first but the visiting side dragged first blood through Saidu Adamu who pokeeed him home from close range after Uche Onuoha headed Evans Ogbonda crossed to meet him.
With the away side full control of the game, they are more confident and that leaves the host to scramble to get back into the game as the first end is in 1-0 in favour of the visitors.
On the restart of the second half, IfeanyiUbah continued to press on the second goal and got the reward they deserved when Saidu Adamu had his brace after having Awazie square passed over the line in the 61st minute.
By the second goal sting them to life, Eyimba started throwing everythimg on their Arsenal to get back into the game.
Within the 78th minute, the presence paid off as Reuben Bala reduced the deficit of Eyimba in a lucky fashion.
His initial header was kept out by Sharp Uzoigwe but the ball rolled back to him and over the line.
The goal is to give eyimba some hope as they continue to press for plunty nomba to secure a point at least.
And they got this in the 90th minute through Imot Obot.
Following this result, Eyimba has moved up to 5th position with 31 points from 17 games with two more outstanding matches.
Meanwhile, FC IfeanyiUbah is still in the relegation zone with 17 points in 19 games.
Farmers get apprehensive as planting season begins with erratic rain
With the commencement of wet season in most parts of the season, farmers started palnting with fear of rainfall erratic and threat of production.
Rain is unsatable in Benue, Nasarawa, Niger, Kaduna and parts of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), and many farmers have planted crops.
During the 2019/2020 wet season, erratic rain in the northern and mid-season draught in the south-west made farmers lose money due to crop failure.
Musa Yohana and Halima Thomas, farmers in Doma and Lafia, Nasarawa State, said they had planted maize, groundnut plus other crops like casava and yam but fear they might have another horrible experience like last season when they were forced to plant maize and groundnut twice.
I lost my yam last year due to excessive heat because no rain fell well.
This year, we have been on the second week of May but no rainfall yet.
And I have already planted 15 measures (about 20kg) of groundnut.
If it continues this for another one week, I will lose all the seeds, as said Mr Yohana.
Like them, many farmers around the FCT have planted as well, but they had tremendous fear of crop failure as experienced last year.
In Benue State, in Benue State, our correspondent reproved that farmers had started cultivating land and cultivating crops on complaining that there was no rainfall.
Some farmers who had prepared the fields earlier in the tear said they could not begin cultivating until a week ago, while others just started to clear land at the wake of the rainfall three times withing two weeks ahead.
A farmer in Otukpo, Ada hyacinth, said the ground is still too strong to cultivate because the rainfall is not frequent.
Another farmer, Felix Tor, in Makurdi, said he just planted melon and maize on the farm that he just cleared despite not consistent rainfall.
However, tor expressed fear that the nature of the rainfall could affect the wellbeing of the crop.
He prayed that the yield should perform better at the end.
But Vitalis Tarnongu, who has been clearing his 1,000 hectares of farmland at the federal Unversity of Agriculture, in Makurdi (FUAM), said as the rainfall this year would make it begin to plant maize towards the end of May.
Tarnongu said a plant breeder in the university advised him to wait until May 20 to start planting his maize because the nature of the rainfall since the season suggests that there may not be rainfall for two weeks.
The sate chairman of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Aondongu Saaku, described farming as a business worth taking risks on.
Saaku said that farmers who see it as have assumed the risk of growing their crops already because without such risk they would not reap at the end of the day.
Meanwhile, Dr Teryima Iorlamen, a seed system specialist with FUAm, said farmers could go ahead to plant their roots and tuber crops following the prediction of rainfall made by NIMET this year.
Iorlamen said the period expected for farmers to wait has passed, stressing that the prediction of NIMET on rainfall pattern in Benue State, which (expererts) are working with, indicated that rain would stabilise in the state between April 18 and April 30, 2021.
Farmers can be assured now that rain stabilised, according to prediction made by NIMET.
Anythimg different for now will be dry spell.
I have advised farmers to check water logging capacity in their fields so that they can plant their crops as planned.
Rice like plenty of water, so it is not enough for planting.
But farmers can get into roots and tubers now, which include yam, cassava, maize and melon.
We believe that the rain is stabilised.
Senate mouns late Army Chief, Ahmed Gulak
The Senate, on Tueday, has a minute silence to honour the demise of a former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, who was allegedly killed on Sunday in Owerri, Imo state capital.
This followed a motion of the Deputy Senate President and Chairman of the Senate on Senate Constitution Review Committee, Ovie Omo-Agege, in the floor of the Red Chamber.
Omo-Agege was drawing attention of his colleagues to the murder of Gulak, hire by lawmakers to assist his committee on the amendment of the Nigerian people in the constitution.
Gulak served as a consultant to the committee and entered Owerri for the public hearing on the review of the 199 constitutions.
Although the programme had ended on Thursday, Gulak stayed behind and left on Sunday.
He was killed on his way to Abuja on his way to the airport in Owerri.
Omo-Agege described Gulak as a tribal Nigerian who gave his best to the service of the country.
Also, on Tuesday, the Senate urged the federal government to immortalise the late Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru.
The red chamber also observed a minute silence to take honuor Lt. Gen. Attahiru, who passed on a flight crash near Kaduna International Airport.
This followed the point of order by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIN/profiel code: NANS raises voice concerning disenfranchisement of students by JAMB
The Kaduna State Chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) on Tuesday said thousands of candidates would not take part in the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) this year.
Examination of the hitches of NIN/Profiel code.
NANS chairman in the stste, Axiz Huziafa Bello, in a statement issued yesterday in Kaduna, disagreeed with the JAMB.
Bello is a call for extension of the electronic registration instead of risking the life of students to travel to the headquarters of JAMB in the states for manual registration.
He noted that the news bulletin released on Monday entitled Issues surrounding the 2021 UTME registration: Option available for genuine candidates who made attempts but could not register, indicating that the management failed to show sorry face for the hardship and agony faced by the candidates.
He appealed to prominent Nigerians to prevail over the management of JAMB to stop making things difficult for students in Nigeria as they were trying to get higher education and develop themselves.
He urged the examination body to extend the registration period and postpon the exam to do justice and fairness.