The body of a civil defence officer was seen in a grave not deep.
The dead body of a female officer working at the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) found for 18 months, is seen in a grave not deep inside Obi Local Government Area in Benue State.
Until then, Josephine Cynthia Inalegwu Onche, worked at NSCDC office in Otukpo.
Cynthia is Idoma, and it is Otukpo she is coming, just missing when planning her marriage.
Some of her colleagues who did not want her name to be named said her family members that she could not be found once her marriage remained short.
What they say is that she goes to the market to buy things as she prepares for her marriage, but she has not returned home since.
One of the officers of the deceased said while trying to find him, he was not seen until a man came to show them where he was buried.
The gentleman told the family that he was routinely used for money by the boss who sought to marry their children.
After the kidnappers took the family members and the security to arrest the man, the man took them to the father who did the ritual in Obi local government, before he entered South-West state.
When police arrested the husband and his herbalist in Otukpo, the family members of the deceased had already left the body where he was buried and organised a burial for him until June 1, 2021.
DSP Catherine Anene, Benue police spokesman, refused to carry him a call, or answer message.
The spokesman of NSCDC in the state, Asc Ejelikwu Micheal disagreed when we met him, saying he would speak when time is enough.
But an insider said the news of the suspects put sadness in the minds of the security.
In the review of the constitution: MURIC said there had been sharia in the South West before Christianity entered.
The Muslim Right Concern has urged the Penticeral Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) to stop opposition to Muslims and focus on business.
The director of MURIC, Professor Ishaq Akintola, said this on Sunday.
He said this after the warning issued by PFN that no group should use the review of the constitution carried out by the Senate to bring sharia law to the south-west.
The PFN and other Christian communities know that there was sharia in the south-west before Christianity entered 1842.
Shariah was practiced in Ede, during the time of either Abeeb Olagunju (Abbeb is a Muslim name) and
The Shariah Court in Ede was still working in 1913, in Agbeni in the town.
He was taken to Agbongbon in 1914.
Shariah was used in Iwo during the time of Oba Momodu Lamuye (Muhammad Lamuye), who died in 1906.
Also, the nomba svevn Akirun of Ikirun, either Aliyu Oyewole (dead in 1912) took Shariah to Ikirun in 1910.
These are all examples of the existence of Shariah and its spread in Yorubaland, and to say that the Christian people are also aware that it is the Christian people to stop Shariah in Yorubaland, which is now imposing Christian common law, Akintola said.
He said PFN and some other Christian colleagues also knew that Islamic had grown in the southwest, fearing they were caught that the sleeping giant had woke up to carry his belongings.
He said the Christians know that Shariah is the right that Allah has given Muslims dash.
But they have decided not to allow Muslims to use it, saying it is the new way to use it.
It is understood that it is war for Muslims to fight, and that it is not bad for war.
They use both good and bad ways to do their minds.
They have called on Nigerians to follow the understanding of the mentality of the Christian people here.
As it is for everyone who is quick to vex, it is believed that attacking people is the only way to defend them.
Because they gained from the colonial jaguda that reached a century then, they wanted to take away all the things that the colonial boss could carry to them.
It is in mind that Muslims will be placed in the colonial chase.
The coalition that is reviewing the constitution has urged Nigerians to write what they want in the constitution.
Each group should bring the things they need to come.
Instead of telling the community what the Christians want, it is what they think that the Christians should not ask them to say.
It was intended to block Muslims in the south, but it would not work.
He said the claim of religious tolerance in the south is a lie, and it is being said to put Yoruba Muslims in slavery.
Muslims in the region are open eyes, asking for freedom.
We demanded that they stop forcing us to wear Christian school uniforms, go to Christian schools, and use Christian law.
We want a shariah that does not cut people's hands, but the shariah that regulates Muslim marriages, inheritance and family affairs.
The thing doesn't matter Christians at all.
We will use all the means that will not cause fighting, which will follow the law, to do the thing, he said.
stakeholders in Edo have said Obaseki is party leader.
As the People's Democratic Party in Edo State has a crisis of who will control the party, members or Edo South of the party, they have said the state government, Godwin Obaseki and his deputy, Philip Shaibu are good.
Edo South PDP in a statement issued at the end of the stakeholders meeting at the weekend in Benin city, said Godwin Obaseki is the leader of the party in the state.
In a statement read by the secretary, Wilson Evbuonwam, he said they support the harmonization and integration of new people into the executive committee of the party, aiming at ensuring the development of the state.
Police arrest kidnappers in Abuja, including guns
The Police Command of FCT has arrested eight suspected kidnappers in Shenegu-Tunga Maje, Gwagwalada, Kabusa village and Durumi axis of Abuja.
The spokesman of the command, ASP Maryam Yusuf, who spoke in a statement in Abuja, said the names of the suspects were Yakubu Ahmadu, Ibrahim Mallam Musa, and Bello Haruna.
She said the suspects are members of a syndicate also linked to the kidnap attempt on the Vice President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA).
Gwagwalada branch, Barrister David Aigbefoh.
She said the suspect was arrested during a coordinated intelligence operation by police from the command anti-kidnapping squad at Shenegu mountain on the border of the FCT and Niger State.
She said the suspects have been given better information on the activities they have committed for the group.
Yusuf later said one Nwite Jideofor who staged his kidnapping from the Durumi area was arrested, after the suspect confessed that he was accompanied by the kidnappers to collect up to 5 million from his sister as a ransom.
She said some of the exhibits collected from the suspects include three data guns, seven cutlas, a painted Honda Accord, four mobile phones and other items, adding that they have been working on arresting other members of the run group.
She said all the suspects would be taken to court after proper investigation, warning the FCT residents, especially the parents and guardians, that children should not be treated for crime.
Suarez strike, Atletico win La Liga title
The goal scored by Luiz Suarez saw Athletico Mardrid beat Real Valladolid 2-1 on Saturday, making the team another remarkable La Liga victory.
Suarez is crying for the beginning of the season seeking Barcelona to force him out, but as the season ends, it is his 21st goal in the season for Athleticoto to win the first league since 2014, this one they won ahead of Real Madrid.
Athletico know if they win the trophy, no matter what Madrid did in Villareal for their home.
But it was not that it was comfortable, as Valladolid took early lead.
Real Madrid were also behind the game, before Karim Benzema equalized in the 87th minute, and Luka Modric scored a late winner 2-1 at Valdebbas, which hanged Athletico for a long time, as it remained small to scatter the thing with just one goal.
When the final whistle was blowed, players ran into the field, covering Suarez with red and white shirt, seeking the most tight, even unpredictable title race to end.
Suarez Zone
It is just less than a week.
This is the Suarez zone, coach Diego Simone said.
And it was to prove that, as the Uruguayan scored the title at the Athletico hand last week, he scored on the last day again for a trophy title.
This is the second time in 17 years that other teams apart from Barcelona or Real Madrid have won the league, while athletes are still winning the other under Simeone in 2014.
Athletico started the game, having been on the top of the table since December, and scored two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna.
But the thhing was not easy for Athletico this season, having 10 points lead in February, and the points reduced to 2 in May, and positions as number one in the table relied on making Real Madrid and Barcelona slip.
So it is not surprising that as they want to face Valladolid who are 19 on the table, they are still patching patches.
Many Athletico fans have gathered at Valladolid Plaza Mayor to sing a song, and many fans have also arrived outside the stadium, where they were evacuated without any problem.
The killing of Gulak has made people shout.
People shout and mourn on Sunday as bars were killed.
Ahmed Gullak, a former adviser to former president Goodluck Jonathan on political matters, by gunmen.
Gulak was shot by followers in Obiangwu village as he was trying to enter Sam Mbakwe airport in Owerri, the capital of Imo state, for entering Abuja.
A funeral paryer was held yesterday evening for a politician from Adamawa who came into a national mosque in Abuja, after one of his bodies was buried in the Gudu cemetary around 8pm.
Police in Imo state said at least six of the killers of the All Progressives Congress (APC) bosses have been killed after fighting them.
A statement by Police Public Relations Officer, SP Bala Elkana, said on May 30, 2021, when police received a call that a jaguda had killed Ahmed Gulak, a special police force, including the Intellingence Response Team (IRT), the Police Mobile Force (PMF), and a tactical unit from the command, were sent to the Obiagwu junction, Ngorokpala LGA of Imo state.
The instructions given to the team are to arrest the perpetrators and face justice.
The allegedly killing of Gulak has been attributed to Imo police since yesterday.
The commenters, especially the driver of the motor inside Gulak, who took it to the airport, have described the Jaguda people, and how the motor used to carry the Jaguda out.
It is said the 2005 model of Toyota Camry, which is a silver colour used by the jaguda, with sienna which is a 1998 medel and a golden colour.
Toyota Hilux painted white, and a Lexus 330, painted gold.
(Dem does not put registration numbers, because of security issues)
knowing the killerâ€™s identity and the motor of the attack, they later informed them of the way the killer left.
With some leadership, the team later established where the killer was.
The suspects were arrested at Afor Enyiogugu, in Anoh-Mbaise local government area.
It was as the jaguda were dustribute onions in a confiscated Trail that they were arrested.
It was filled with onions in the trailer from Northern Nigeria.
As the police were seen, the terrorists who were protecting fellow terrorists started shooting at police.
The gallant and one ready for battle
A police officer also returned with a gun shot.
The killing was followed by the six terrorists, and four other members of the group were seriously injured.
Three of the four motorists attacked Gulak have been collected.
Three Ak47 riffles, one pistol, five AK47 magazines with 92 rounds of live amunation, and criminal charm were collected from them.
The jaguda were identified as members of banned IPOB and ESN.
The late driver, Ahmed Gulak, and the survivor, have identified the other bodies of the IPOB/ESN members as they were attacked, and the motor used as the same motor.
In the face of the jaguda, two armed personnel carriers belonging to the police were taken with a gun scater, but were not destroyed.
and the video made after the attack shows that Gulak was wearing a jean trouser, and a blue shirt while sleeping in his own blood, near the abandoned car.
Gulak was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election that brought Hope Uzodinma into the party.
He was also said to be close to the governor and was welcomed to visit the state.
Why he is in Owerri
Though Gulak was said to have welcomed Owerri since Uzodinma came in, it was the last time he attended the public hearing of review of the constitution in the city.
As the committee concluded its sitting, Gulak was set back when other members of the committee left the city on Friday.
A close person to Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, chairman of the public hearing in Owerri, said the deceased private belonging to Kalu was offered after the siddon spoke, but he refused.
According to the source, the Kalu team had been leaving the city the day the public hearing ended, but Gulak stayed back, saying it had things to do in the city.
"We left Owerri the day the public hearing ended, and we told him to join us in our private jets, that we had enough security with us," said the source.
But he said there is something to do in the city.
Nigerians knock FG and other politicians on killing
Nigerians on social media have also heard of the killing of the federal government and police leaders.
A commenter on the Facebook link to the story published by Daily Trust, Ifeanyi Maduako, said the death of Gulak was bitter and linked to politics.
The bitter killing in my mouth welcomed.
It seems that it was taken by politicians, and the people who did it should open their faces.
The killing will expose those behind security challenges in Imo State.
It was who invited him to come and why northerners would be killed in Imo State.
I am afraid what will do innocent Imo people in some days by the hands of security men controlled by the north, he wrote.
Another commenter on the thread, Olurombi Micheal Omo, said as police reports have proven it was a political killing, it should be properly investigated.
It is a thingk that police also have questions to nswer to.
In his own part, Comr Hassan Ahmad wrote that the souls of innocent people are more important than the scam called Unity as a naija.
We will not agree with this illiteracy, it is enof, it is a peacemaker we are.
But what pushes us to meet the wall shows that we cannot continue with the peace.
I'm sending a warning, we'll retaliate and it's going to be worse.
Buhari you failed us woefully, and we faced the Imo police to follow the jaguda.
Nasiru Inuwa also wrote that it was a wake-up call to the big people in the north, starting with innocent Fulani herders, now turned to northern government officials, including prominent politicians.
The secretary of IPOB, Emma Powerful, who is not supported by the government, said in a statement that they should not link IPOB to the murder of Gulak, he said killing politicians is not the agenda of anybody.
So, we said IPOB did not know anything about the killings.
To begin with it, how Gulak is taking a threat to our mission that has warranted us to kill him.
We have nothing with him, and we should not have killed him.
To point hands to IPOB for this barbaric act is just to divert attention away from the real people who did it.
It is the same way terrorists in their security uniform committed atrocities in the south-east and they came to IPOB for crime, with a view to destroying our reputation.
It has been a long-serving opportunity to commence another special military operation in the Eastern Region to take more innocent Biafra people.
Instead of scurity people to do proper investigations on the incidents and causes, they have faced IPOB over crime that they did not do.
Is IPOB informed of the movement of the late Gulak to be stopped on airport road?
The group said security forces should first investigate the Gulak host, Hope Uzordinma, and his political opponent, to determine whether they are involved.
Those who killed Gulak will not escape punishment.
President Muhammadu Buhari has said those who killed Gulak and other problems in our country will not be freed.
President Buhari, in a statement by spokesman Garba Shehu, expressed outrage and disgust over the heinous murder.
The president, who expressed sadness for the incident, said: I am repulsed by the gruesome murder of Gulak which is premeditated by evil people, which has been detrminated to destroy the peace, unity and teritorial integrity of our country.
I should be warned that nobody, or anyone who is doing such a despicable thing will expect to go free.
We will use everything we have to see that those who do this calous and criminal thing will face justice.
The killing of Gulak is unacceptable, Akeredolu said.
Governor of Ondo State Olwarotimi Akeredolu described the news of the killing as shocking and disturbing.
In a statement signed by the Governor himself, he said this was a mass murder, saying doing something was senseless and wicked.
The people who do such a bad thing are the enemies of the country.
The corner-corner way is to mislead, confuse and destroy.
He has the unmistakable, despicable imprints of fifth columnists bent on seting the country on the path of conflagration.
These criminals must not be allowed to succeed.
We want to use this medium to tell our brother, Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzordinma that we are with him.
We encourage him and other governors of South Eastern states to brace up to confront the security challenges to end their bloodbath.
The enemy of the people always uses weapons of fear to create disaffection.
The coward act is to encourage Nigerians to face each other, make northerners face Igbo people living outside the South East.
We must face the enemy of the people, to see that we take power out of their hands.
This is not the time to argue who knows more politics.
We should not allow bandits to spoil the legitimacy of this government at all levels.
We are calling on all security officials to work together to show the sponsored criminals and terrorists.
They must be severely punished.
Fintiri mourn
The Governor of Adamawa State, that is Umara Ahmadu Fintiri has said the killing of Gulak was shocked, saying he was a former speaker of Adamawa State.
Governor Fintiri said the deaths were painful, as wicked people reached.
Governor Fintiri said Late Gulak was a witty, determined, and practical politician as a result of his hardwork.
It is unfortunate that the deaths have collapsed from us.
Hon Ahmed Gulak in the day was a gruesome way.
Gulak is such a lively politician who has always had the interests of the country in his mind.
Recalling his interaction with late Gulak, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri said he was a brother and mentor and sought to be a lawter, a human rights fighter.
Madagali community loses better son
In a statement released yesterday by his Chief Press Secretary Hunwashi Wanisoukou in Yola, the governor said the country had lost one of the strongest persons fighting for human rights.
We all remember how passionate he fought for those sent out of their homes by the insurgency terrorists, and those with little means.
ACF condemns murder
The Gulak killing, according to the African Consultative Forum (ACF), is a huge loss for the country.
The ACF in a statement by the national publicity secretary, Emmanuel Yawe, said they were saddened to hear the killing of Gulak, describing them as a dynamic, progressive and outstanding politician.
If you like it, or you don't like it, that's your business.
May God bless, and give his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to bear the loss.
The killing is part of the plan to repeat the coup in 1966 CNG.
The coalition of Norther Groups (CNG) has described the killing of former northern politician Ahmed Gulak, a former political adviser to former president Goodluck Jonathan, as a plan, and all the attacks on police in Southeast Nigeria, are to try to repeat the coup of 1966.
The CNg in a statement signed by spokesman Abdul-Azeez Suleiman said it is the reason why norther parts of the country cannot live with the southeast as a country, as the violent means of the Indigenous People of Biafra, the Eastern Security Network (ESN), and other Igbo Gands are funded, confident, by every part of the Igbo society, both the people of their homes and the people of their villages.
Westham's hope to reach top-four has been deteriorated with the loss to Everton.
Westham hope to reach top-four has been deteriorated because they did not play well against Everton who is hoping to join the European league on Sunday.
The goal scored by Dominic Caivert-Lewin in the 24th minute of their game showed they were already determined to win Westham who had made a mouth finish that they would score in that serious afternoon.
The closest one Westham reached to equalize was when Vladimir Coufal shot the bar's ball and Jerron Bowenno couldn't hit it back to post upon being on the goal post front.
Supporters of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo have shown his back as a presidential candidate in the upcoming elections.
Osinbajo spoke to someone that he did not say he wanted to be president.
Vice President Osinbajo said all the small statements that he has the mind to be president in 2023 Presidential Elections are distractions.
Unconfirmed news has been in town that Osinbajo's eyes are posting President in the land.
The Vice President, Laolu Akande, said the Vice President had yet to declare his interest in being president in a statement on Monday.
The Vice-Presidents office has put their eyes on a website body.
supportosinbajo.ng who calls on Nigerians to join a volunteer group to support Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, is preparing for the 2023 presidential election.
Details of the website and how they are begging have been filled with WhatsApp as well as the fact that Osinbajo has declared interest in the 2023 elections.
The Vice President's office has no connectivity to the group or the website that stands for it and feels that the whole thing is unnecessary distraction.
Prof. Osinbajo has not said he wants to be president in the 2023 elections, focusing on serving as Vice President in the current administration to face serious issues in the country.
We are asking our people to stop all the problems, face the challenges facing us as Nigerians, do well for our people, land peace and prosperity, the statement said.
Ndidi and Iheanacho have made Nigeria proud again for Leicester City playing with the country's flag as their team won the FA Cup.
NFF congratulates Ndidi Iheanacho for FA Cup win in Leichester City
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF)
Mr Amaju Melvin Pinnick, has sent a messaging to congratulate Super Eagles Midfielder Wilfred Ndidi and Forward Kelechi Iheanacho for their win in Leichester City against Chelsea on Saturday.
FA Cup final in England
The two were at the march in Wembley and celebrated after the march with the Nigerian flag as they joined the list of the other seven Nigerian players who have been carrying the England Cup.
I am so happy for Ndidi and Iheanacho.
They worked well in Leichester City throughout the campaign and both they and their teams deserved the honour.
I believe this win will work as a high morale for them in the friendly march we want to play this summer and the FIFA World Cup which will start in September.
I am also happy with the Nigerian Flag which two of them are celebrating when everything is over.
That was amazing.
Ndidi and Iheanacho became the second pair of Nigerians to celebrate their FA Cup win in England, after Nwankwo Kanu and John Utaka won in Portsmouth against Cardiff in 2008.
Before that time, Daniel Amokachi had won Everton in 1995; Celestine Babayaro also for Chelsea in 2000, Kanu for Arsenal in 2002 and John Mikel Obi for Chelsea in 2007.
After Kanu/Utaka won in 2008, John Mikel Obi again won Chelsea in 2009, 2010 and 2012, Alex Iwobi won Arsernal in 2017, Victor Moses also joined them in 2018.
When I was at the Federal Government College in Enugu in the early 70s, it was the train I used to pass to transport myself from Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokovic warm up for Roland Garros with Belgrade title
Novak Djokovic has completed his warm-up successfully at Roland Garros when he beat Slovakian Alex 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday in the final of the ATP Clay tournament in Belgrade.
This is the second event in the city over a month after fans came, unlike the Serbia Open in April when the stadium dropped.
Djokovic said he had since played in the People's Front, Belgrade who lost the semifinals at the Serbia Open in 2011
The herder-farmer case in Nigeria has turned to what is showing faces in news daily now.
To end Nigeria's herder-farmer problem: The Livestock Reform Plan
Nigerian federal and state governments are struggling to implement a National Livestock Transformation Plan aimed at controlling cattle movement across the country to turn it into herder and farmer fight.
It has been supported by many state governments, but it is facing some challenges.
Sustainable political leadership, misconduct perceptions about its purposes, increased budget constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic, hardworking experts and everywhere insecurity block the progress.
If the plan fails like the other plans to modernise livestock management, the fight for farmers and herders will increase.
It was approved by the National Economic Council in January 2019, the plan is to represent the efforts that people will understand beyond examining the poorly functioning livestock systems.
The main part of the strategy is to control the occurrence of grazin in order to reduce the fight between herders and farmers.
The movement hopes that after 10 years, herders going up and down will mainly have the mind to put their cattle in ranch and reserve for public grazin, where breeding farms and other mechanised livestock management will support the productions of the sector.
By the end of 2028 the authority intends to have built about 119 ranches in all the states involved, to create about two million jobs in the livestock production, processing and market chain.
President Muhammadu Buhari's administration made the plan after a period where herders and farmers were fighting, particularly when the fight to a lot and he affected people in the ghetto in 2018.
The Federal Government, aimed at reducing funds to about 80 percent of the Transformation proposal submitted by the affected states, has taken the first step to practice their plans, including technical support to help the state prepare for work, such as field surveillance and site mapping.
Many states have reactivated demarcated grazin reserve, open offices, and set up steering committees to coordinate the plan.
The authority has been conducting workshops and other workshops to teach people the benefits of livestock reforms.
With two years out of the 10-year plan, they have not built any ranch and many obstacles.
The opposition, which comes from the herders, although mostly from the Fulani, is still among the farmers who do not want pastolists to enjoy the benefits of the plan, sparking the reform efforts.
There is a lot of distrust in the Middle Belt, where fighting between farmers and herders is a lot due to land, even though peace efforts and efforts by the military since 2018 have reduced the blood shed.
There has been shortage in the federal and state governments budgets, a small portion due to the economic deterioration caused by the pandemic, and the country has no technical experts who know how to manage ranch and grazin reserve.
In many states, especially in the North-West, the way criminals gangs and armed groups grow, deteriorate access to grazin reserves and makes investors more likely to do so.
Unless something is done about it, this issue and other things may delay or spoil the plan, which will make the country helpless when the fight between farmers and herders is worse than its own, which may turn the fight between ethnic groups, regions and religions.
To tackle this issue, it will be important for the Federal and State Authorities to collaborate to make efforts, with the help of donors and investors.
First, Abuja and other supporting states should provide the strongest political leadership and increase their communication with the public in order to erode doubts and misunderstanding of the plan.
This is common among pastoralists on their side, asking them to change their nomadic lifestyles with their people for centuries, who still have serious doubts that the plan promises about pasture are false.
But many farmers are afraid of losing their land to livestock producers.
Many people in the Middle Belt and other states in the South are still suspecting the plan of long-term goals, which are seen as an opportunity for herders and the Fulani people.
With the support of Abuja and other partners, state governments will need to find experts who will know the technical aspect of things, especially those who will manage the ranch and grazin reserve, dairy production and meat processing.
The federal and state governments should also increase their budgets in the plan, quickly release the funds and create financial transparency to ensure that everything is accounted for, to work with necessary donors and investors.
It is also important to deal with insecurities in rural areas, curb impunity and rehabilitate communities seriously affected by the fight in participating states.
Authorities will also have to consider climate change together to decide if herders from other countries will sometimes benefit from the plan.
As some of these steps take time, the people who are planning should focus on bringing strong results that can be seen in a short time.
In less than two years from now, the country will hold general elections.
If the plan survives the next change of government, politicians will have to provide clear evidence that it has benefited (Change is certain, as President Buhari and many state governors will not be able to compete again as they have served two term limits).
By the time the campaigns for elections were hot at the end of 2022, the people behind the plan should be able to show some of the ranches they built or the repaired reserve, strong donors and their investors commitment and the first group of people trained to be professionals in Livestock management.
Nothing in this is easy but the plan is worth the effort.
Not that it is perfect, but it brings an important opportunity, an opportunity to change the Nigerian livestock system with a strategy to address the needs of both herders and small-scale farmers.
About 70 percent of Nigerians who work in Nigeria get money from Agriculture.
modernising the Livestock sector will boost the country's prosperity and at the same time, it is a great way to solve one of Nigeria's dangerous problems.
By the time of the 2023 elections, both the federal and state authorities will have to act quickly so that people can see what they are doing, or otherwise all their work to create such moments of opportunity will spoil.
This is an executive summary of the report on the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) and how their work goes fast, published by International Crisis Group.
The quanta I have with the king
Do you not agree?
They are responsible for very high proportions in food and crop production.
Subsistence farmers are the smallholders who consume the majority of their overhauled farm output to avoid actively participating in commercially oriented agriculture by a variety of constraints.
There is no energy for anyone who is not happy for me.
I got it.
This brought me to the conclusion that everyone is evil.
This system has been characterised as complex, diverse and risky-prone.
Farms are always small, they do it under traditional or informal tenure, and are marginal risk-prone environments.
Yields are low and farmers lack the capacity to increase yields.
We said life and prosperity this day.
waya your aza
The emphasis is on agricultural productivity, production enhancement and commercialising farming as an enterprise.
I know everything.
Akpos and his friend sit-down
The yields the smallholder farmers have are profitable.
You are coming.
These challenges have led many smallholder farmers to pursue low-risk livelihood and lower-yielding agricultural activities.
Are you a witch?
I am on my way to sabo I am going to buy enough food.
I should call my father.
As developing countries grow larger, richer, and more urban, the intensification of agricultural production will occur in a rapidly changing agri- food value chains.
So far what is supposed to come here?
This development shifts the competitive advantage away from petty farmers.
It is important to find a solution to the problem.
This will require an intergrated approach of methodologies.
The loan sharks are on his neck.
This kind of thing.
I was sent an errand at where I was working.
The water flooded the entire farm.
Farmers battle in 2020
For many farmers and other stakeholders in the agro-sector, the year 2020 will remain one of the worst years in the history of Nigeria because it introduced new dynamics that millions of smallholder farmers will contend with.
Many challenges are facing the agricultural sector ranging from issues related to climate change, conflicts and the complications exacerbated from the global COVID-19 pandemic, bringing pain and heartbreak to farmers and agribusiness players.
First, the COVID-19 lockdown and restrictions happen at the time when dry season farmers are supposed to harvest their crops and wet season farmers are supposed to commence cultivation.
Many farmers cannot go to their farms while others have labourers to harvest their farms since mechanization is a huge challenge and manually harvest is the problem.
Movement restrictions have been introduced to curb the spread in the coronavirus locked-down markets that have disrupted the rural economy.
Many farmers cannot sell their produce that will enable them to buy seeds and fertilizers, pay labourers/tractor services.
Even when the lockdown in the agricultural sector has been lifted, the price of fertilizer has risen so that many smallholders cannot afford it.
In some places the price has risen to N13,000 for a bag of Indorama and Notore Urea.
NPK 15-15-15 has risen to N25,000 when the federal government NPK20-10-10 under the presidential fertilizer initiative, which is supposed to be sold to farmers at N5000 is not available in many places and areas where the price has risen to N7,000 and is higher than this in some places.
For farmers in Zamfara, Katsina, Southern Kaduna, some parts of kebbi and Sokoto states, bandits activities not only denied access to their farms but the men also killed many in their farms.
Many farming communities have been raised down.
People were kidnapped and demanding ransom.
Many people pay a large sum of money or surrender large portions of their harvest to the bandits.
Many villages in those states have become desolated.
The agric sector witnessed one of the worst disasters when one of the worst disasters when flooded out 450,000 hectares of rice and maize fields estimated at over N3.5 billion in Kebbi, Sokoto and Kano states.
Many of the farmers affected are yet to be compensated as their livelihood has been destroyed.
The flooding has worsened since the 2012 disaster that wreaked havoc across most of Nigeria's coastal and flood-prone areas that are killing people and washing away farmland.
Meanwhile, as the flood brings pain to the heart of farmers in the North, drought is confronting farmers in the down south.
For two months, farmers were not happy but watched how their investments in crops were withering away.
It is not disguised.
Another subsector that hit badly was poultry and feeds.
The scarcity of maize at the beginning has caused an increase in prices.
It has also forced poultry association in Nigeria to send our soul appeal to the federal government for urgent attention.
The federal government has responded to the appeal and released 5,000 metric tons of maize from the nations strategic reserve for farmers in addition to granting some of the major players a license to import about 2022 metric tons of maize to increase the shortfall in the feed industry.
However, this is a short-term solution because three months ago, the scarcity of soyabean struck, prompting farmers to express fear that by January 2021, the industry would be completely shut down.
The scarcity resulted in a serious feed crisis in the industry as prices have reached a record high in its history as it rose from N2,600 in February to about N5,500
The poultry industry lost an estimated N7 million jobs with figures projecting up to 10 million by January 2021 while the loss in investments was conservatively estimated at about N1.5 trillion.
While the poultry farmers are still struggling with the challenges of the sector, the crop farmers despite the daunting challenges confronting the sector in the 2020 farming year, have buyers coming right up to their farms even before harvesting to make bulk purchase arrangements.
This is the first time the price of grain has not dropped in harvest time, sparking fear of prolonged hunger and the call for a reopen of the borders, which will allow influence on products smuggled through the country's porous borders.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower.
3,000 youths to benefit from NALDA's farm estate in Ebonyi
The National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA) has said the agency will engage at least 3,000 youths in Ebonyi State in its proposed intergrated farm estate in the state.
The intergrated farm estate will be completed and commissioned by October this year.
The executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, who announced this on Tuesday said the proposed integrated farm estate would be established for 104 hectares of land donated by the state government.
Prince Ikonne, who is also in Ebonyi State, in a courtesy visit to the governor on Monday, Engr David Umahi, said the intergrated farm estate would be completed in October 2021.
This is the mandate of Mr President, to reactivate abandoned farms and develop new ones for security.
The Governor of Ebonyi State is eager.
He was fully supported by achieving his dreams.
Thus, Ebonyi State has committed to working with NALDA to engage the teeming youths into full agricultural productivity.
We have seen that the governor has keyed into Mr Presidents agenda on achieving food security in the country.
We are establishing an intergrated farm estate in Ebonyi State as we do in other states.
The scheme will engage Nigerians and draw their attention to agriculture.
From Jude Owuamanam (Owerri), Lami Sadiq (Kaduna), Bola Ojuola ( Akure), Abdullateef Salau, Muideen Olaniyi, Abbas Jimoh & Idowu Isamotu
A new president in the Niger Republic has chased a terrorist eye on committed crimes.
Niger Republic new boss President Mohamed Bazoum has handed over barbaric act terrorists after he came to power on Friday in a country facing two jihadist insurgencies.
Bazoum said the groups are killing many innocent people and thus committing real war crimes.
He said the leaders of the groups came from other countries, saying they are just attacking Niger for nothing.
No terrorist leader has had any anger with the country,he said.
Bazoum, 61, was elected for two rounds in December and February.
A 68-year-old right-hand man of Mahamadou Issoufou, stepped down by himself after suing two fove yaer terms in office.
His inauguration was the first time elected leaders handovered each other in Niger's history for over 60 years of independence, but the attacks by jihadists and some kinds of coup plans have spoiled the celebration.
Niger is suffering from an insurgency linked to Al-qaeda or Islami State (IS), which is entering west from Burkina Faso and Mali, and from Nigeria as Boko Haram enters from southeast.
Over 300 people have been killed in three attacks in the west since the beginning of the year.
The most recent one was when 141 members of the Tuareg community were killed on March 21, in Tahoua, a large desert that entered Mali.
Bazoum said the efforts of Niger Rebuplic under him as the president would focus on Mali.
He said the current situation in Mali has a direct impact on security in their own country.
Insurgents linked to IS are based in Menaka and Gao, in eastern and central Mali, according to Bazoum.
He said fighting them would be very difficult as long as Mali as a country has no full charge over the region.
Earlier on Wednesday, hours after gunshots started near the presidency in Niamey, the government said the coup was stopped.
He describes the thing as an act of a coward and regressive which is a treath to democracy and the state of the law.
The West Africa has suffered four coups, the most recent in February 2010, and the resignation of President Mamadou Tandja.
Google says they can leave Australia
Google threatened Australia to withdraw the search engine from the country as it urged them to share profits with publishers.
Australia wants to introduce such a law as the first of its kind to allow Google, Facebook, and other tech companies to pay newsmen for their content.
But the US-based firms are fighting back, warning that they may withdraw from service in the country.
Another Prime Minister in Australia, Scott Morrison, said lamakers would not listen to any threats.
Although Australia is not one of the major markets for Google, this proposed news code can be a global test of how governments can start regulating big tech firms.
This code in Australia will include Google and Facebook, to negotiate with publishers about the value of their news content if they cannot reach agreement at the beginning.
The Managing Director of Google in Australia, Mel Silva, told a senate side on Friday that the law would not work.
She said if such versions of the code are passed into law, Google will have no choice but to pack them out of Australia.
But he was attacked by lawmakers, saying it was blackmail and bully Google wanted to do in Australia seeking to raise the reform.
It will recover everywhere in the world.
If you come from every market, are you going out?
Senator Rex Patrick asks if they want to stop the precedent?
Silva responded that the code is a non-tenable risk for operations in Australia.
Morrison said his government is committed to making the law progress through parliament this year.
Let me say it clearly: Australia is making a rule of what you can do in Australia.
We are doing that in our parliament, as he told newsmen on Friday.
Why is Australia pushing for such a law?
Google is the dominant search engine in Australia, and the government has described it as an essential utility without any market competition.
The government's argument is that because of the technology giant there are customers among those who want to read news, they should pay the good amount to newsroom for journalism.
Additionally, they argue that financial support is necessary or embattled in the news industry because strong media is vital to democracy.
According to the government, print media in Australia has suffered a 75% reduction in money since 2005.
The most tough thing is the threat by Google to remove all of them from the engine.
The lawmakers said news accounts only for 12.5% of Google searches in Australia.
Poultry farmers have begun importing animal grade maize and soya meals.
General Secretary of the South West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN) Dr. Olalekan Odunsi has called on the government to facilitate the import of animal grade maize and soya meal.
Odunsi said importation could save the poultry business from collapse.
He said the importation of feed grade maize will sustain the over 500 million layers, 100 million broilers, 1 million breeders and other classes of poultry until next harvest.
He also urged governments, mainly, not to be allowed to export processed soya, seed and bean meals.
He urged governors in the region to make efforts in the production of maize as they do in the production of rice.
Odunsi insisted that maize farmers, soya bean farmers and the rest of Nigeria needed to collabo to work.
He said if the government fails to intervene, scarcity and hish prices of maize and soya would threaten another five million poultry jobs if the government fails to do anything about it.
Today, maize is sold at 210,000/MT in most states in the South West, soye bena at 240,000/MT.
As the two items became important, the price of poultry feed was just increasing from N2750 to N 3000 in April N 2020 to N4850 to N5300 now.
In December, most farmers were unable to sell their broilers because the cost of production exceeded what a ordinary Nigerian could buy.
Currently, eggs are far above what an average can buy, the price is around 1,300.
So we really need government intervention to save the remaining ten million jobs in the poultry value chain for the economy.
As he said
Reps supporting Buhari fom APC suspended
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has suspended the member of House of Representatives representing Kazaure Federal Constituency in Jigawa State, Muhammad Gudaji Danbaffa for six months.
Additionally, a panel of seven members has been formed to probe the allegations of insurbordination charged with the member and make recommendations within ten days.
The committee was headed by Hamza Dand, whose secretary was Sanusi Kaaure.
In the letter to the suspension of the lawmaker, the boss chairman of the local government claimed that the suspension of Gudaji was initiated by his constituents in Kazaure Yama ward, and was handed by the local government.
Our correspondent reports that the lawmaker was suspended because he was accused of criticizing the governor, saying the governor would change the candidate the people wanted for the just voted chaimanship and councilorship primary.
Serena crosses teenager Pigato in Parma Wta
Serena Williams was a brush aside the challenge of local teenager Lisa Pigato in the opening round of the WTA tournament in Parma on Monday.
Williams, the world number one, beat Pigato who ranked 572 and made her WTA debut 6-3, 6-2, in the first meeting between the two.
How North-Central Governments can optimise open grazing ban from South APC Leader
As open grazing controversy trended into public domain, which was banned by Southern governors during meetings in Asaba, the president, Farmers Empowerment Association in Nigeria (FEAN), as well as Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC) North-Central Forum in FCT, Honourable Obaje David, have examined how the North-Central governors can respond to the ban.
Recently, governors in Southern State met in Asaba, Delta State, and open grazing was banned to cut farmers-herders crisis and include other forms of criminality.
What is your take on the controversy generated by this decision?
Every human being has the right to action and opinion.
But the most important thing is that once you take your own action, know the consequences.
You should consider the advantages and disadvantages.
I am not one of those who say it is good or bad.
As a Nigerian, it is your right and freedom to live anywhere in the country with good faith and enjoy the freedom of association.
On this basis, I will not tell you that it is a good thing.
But as a leader in the North Central, I will say it is good, especially in the North Central zone, because of the potential economic benefits for us and the nation.
The ban is an advantage for us.
We need to tap into it and see how to make it a real venture and make money from it.
Luckily for us, we have a landmass sufficient to accommodate the herders, regardless of the number of troops from the South to the North Central.
What are your positions about open grazing?
I am not one of the people who supports open grazing.
I believe more in ranching, because it is what I should do.
I believe if we start ranching, it will work out for us.
The governors of North Central should allow the national programme on ranching.
Such a move could make Nortj Central the most coveted place, where people can buy cow and some allied products.
It will become a means of economic empowerment, for the northern central people.
We have the land they can't have in the southern states.
See in Kogi, Niger, Kwara, as well as other states.
We gave the herders home and ranch to be our own advantage.
The challenges the Fulani herders face are not because they do not want to adopt ranching.
The problem is that they are not really educated on the benefits.
They are a nomadic culture.
As a result, they need better education in accepting ranching.
We can also adopt the method in Kenya, where almost all families have cow, but you can still not see open grazing, as cow takes a lot there.
That is what the southern governors are saying.
The governors did not show where they belong in this regard.
They are not calling for ranching or for a federal government to put a mouth.
What they are saying is that the herders have become a problem for us, and they should leave.
Herders should apply for land, said herding is a personal business.
But have they been asked to apply for land like the herders?
As one of the stakeholders in youth empowerment, especially in agriculture and value chain came, why are some government policies not really effective, what is the way out?
First, no other administration has been affected by the ability to touch the lives of an individual like one of President Muhammadu Buhari, whom you can sit in your house without trouble and apply for facility and you will have it.
There are also some credit facilities called COVID-19 loans.
Many Nigerians have been collecting the loans for hundreds of thousands of naira from inside their homes without sitting at offices.
Also, with the expansion of some SMEs such as the Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOA) and the rest.
The challenge is that we have two sides, those who will believe you and those who will not believe you.
Therefore, for those who do not believe in the Buhari administration, nothing is beneficial.
But for us who believe in Buhari, we benefit, and we thank God for it.
Kidnappers kill driver, 13 in Nasarawa
Kidnappers have killed Adamu Usman, carrying 13 people near Shafa-Abakpa-Umaisha Road in Toto Local Government Council of Nasarawa State.
Daily Trust learnt that he was shot three times in his abdomen and died around 9pm at the University of Abuja Teaching Hospital where he and another shot driver Atahiru Abukwo were also receiving treatment.
Another driver who narrowly escaped the attack Ibrahim Saidu said the incident occurred at aound 5pm on Tuesday, when several kidnappers with AK47 came from inside a bush to waylay four motorbikes from Ugya village.
According to him, the kidnappers walked the vehicle and started shooting at a motor carrying people from Ugya to Abaji.
He said the kidnappers were surrounding the vehicle after drivers lost control drive into a bush.
Thirteen passengers, including a not too old woman, were taken into a bush when they were fired with gun.
In fact, when you were driving behind the four motor, God saved me to carry someone to one of the villages.
As I came, I heard that they were shooting and I turned back.
The Ohimegye of Opanda-Umaisha, His Royal Majesty (HRM), Usman Abdullahi, said some bandits remaining in the forest were responsible for kidnapping travelers, residents and some farmers in the area.
He said some bandits remain and are terrorising in the community, asking states and federal governments to collaborate to flush them out of patapata.
In contact of the spokesman of the Nasarawa State Police Command, ASP Ramhan Nansel, he said nothing was yet to be told about the latest kidnapping incident, saying he would follow the Divisional Police Officer in Toto Local Government Area and follow newsmen again.
Man who followed one way in Lagos has been arrested.
The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of a Victor Ebhomenyen seeking to drive a way to Four Point Hotel, Oniru in Lagos State.
Ebhomenyen was also said to have attacked and seriously injured at ASP Erhator Sunday body at Four Point Hotel, Oniru, Lagos.
This is in a statement signed by Lagos Police Command spokesman CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi.
He said the command had thniced it to set the record straught concerning.
The incident recorded in a video on social media came viral on Saturday April 17.
He said two men attacked ASP Erhator Sunday, a duty officer, and created scene on the road at Oniru, Victoria Island, Lagos State.
Adejobi said the prime suspect, Victor, has entered police net at the State Criminal Investigation Department Panti, for investigation and prosecution as and when due.
He said the command had been making efforts to arrest the commander of the gang, Etinosa.
Gbajabiamila welcomes Ayade defect as PDP urges members to remain united
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, has expressed delight over the defect of the Governor of Cross River State, Prof. Ben Ayade to the All Progressives Congress (APC), saying the party is open to all.
Gbajabiamila in a statement on Thursday by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, said Ayadeâ€™s actions have shown that the APC is the party to beat in the country.
The Speaker said the Cross River State governor had taken the right decision and had shown a good example to follow the remaining.
He said the ruling party remains open to all, calling on Nigerians to join the APC to move the country forward.
The Speaker said APC would continue to be fair to all its members.
Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), reacting to the defect defected by Ayade, urged members in Cross River State to remain united.
In a statement by the party spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan, our party calls on all critical stakeholders and teeming members of our party in Cross Rivers State to immediately pull together and ensure that all structures of our party in the state remain intact.
The PDP wishes Governor Ayade good in his new political performance as well as in his future endeavours.
The Forensic Bill passed by the National Assembly: It is relevant to the fight against corruption by Buhari
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on Wednesday 19th
May 2021 at the House of Representatives and Tuesday 2nd
March 2021 in the Senate made history when passed into law, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professional of Nigeria Bill, 2021 (SB.615 and HB.
791), after reading it for the Third Time in both Chambers (Senate andHouse of REPresentATIVE).
This act is a clear demonstration of the patriotism and direct response of the National Assembly, targeted, as well as strengthening and re- invigorating national borders in the fight against fraud, corruption and cybercrimes, which have entered our country.
After passing this bill, the 9th Assembly under the distinguished and able leadership of His Excellency, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, PhD, CON and Rt Hon Femi Gbajabiala have clearly shown that they have taken legislative roles in the head, as per the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999, as amended.
And this also attests to the fact that the National Assembly has awakened to the performance of its complementary role with other arms of Government in the fight against corruption.
It was with a happy mind and a deep sense of gratitude that I wrote this, which has been put together as a platform for us to let Nigerians and indeed the whole world know what the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professional of Nigeria is all about and the unique concept we are bringing on board in order to complement national efforts in its quest to ride the country of corruption, fraud and cyber-Crimes and other related crimes.
After the Senate passed the Bill, and with the view that it is a bi-cameral Legislature, the House of Representatives we are always ready and resilient, under the capability leadership of His Excellency, Rt.
Femi Gbajabiamila, the Hon.
The speaker also followed the action and passed the Bill on Wednesday, May 19, 2021.
As you may have heard earlier, the Bill to establish the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professional of Nigeria (CIFIPN) is one of the bills that have been declared NO to in the National Assembly.
The sad thing is that people who are supposed to be mouthful in the fight against corruption came into Nigeria and attacked the bill, turning them into enemies for common ood.
God thing is a good thing, there is no replacement, it is also a bad thing.
No matter how long it takes, good always prevails over bad just as the light superior over darkness is constant and unquestionable.
It is important that we should take a small look at the events in the National Assembly.
Interestingly, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professional of Nigeria ( Est) Bill 2021 (CIFIPN) was first passed into law by the 9th Senate on the 2nd day of March, 2021 as it passed the legislative processes of 1st Reading, 2nd Reading and eventually in the 3rd Reading on the 2nd March, 2021 Senate passed the Bill into law with a voice when it was considered the urgent need for the noble legislation, for a reason that it did not survive without numerous thunder bolts from detractors who will not stop at any length to ensure that any legislation that helps the Buhari administration to fight corruption does not see light of day but the senate stands well and can be seen through it.
It is very important for the public to know that (CIFIPN) is not just a noble body but a new one in Nigeria aimed at bridging the long gap in the forensics space.
Today, it came to have a standard body that would regulate the practice of forensics in Nigeria at its peak and raise Nigerians to challenge the few anti-government bodies that could intend to sabotage this step.
This bill passed by the National Assembly shows that it is clearly demonstrated patriotic and the need to strengthen national efforts against corruption, which have been blocking development in every aspect of our national life.
This better step in legislation, taken by the two Chamber of the National Assembly, is historic and symbolic, taking place at a time when Nigeria needs legislation to be welcomed.
That would give a better way for its anti-corruption drive as the spate of criminal and corrupt has risen across the globe.
As we all know, crime has entered another level as science and technology have improved in the 21st century.
Therefore, with the passing of the bill being good and timely, it has clearly demonstrated that we have a flexible and responsive legislature that knows the events around the world, and they are being directed to legislation that will meet what the Nigerian people are talking about.
Let us also say the journey of passing the bill to turn it to law has started since the 8th National Assembly, where Distinguished Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan Ph.D, the current Senate President, CON, sponsored our bill, when he was a Senate Leader, because it is important to the anti-corruption process of this admiistration.
For better understanding, when we introduced our bill into the two chamber during the 8th Assembly, they conducted a public hearing carrying everyone along in the chamber.
Thereafter, and despite the opposition by a minority stakeholder led by the Institute of Chatered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), the National Assembly passed the bill, considering its significance and the role of the fight against corruption.
Afterwards, the bill was forwarded to the boss, President, to hand it, but it was yet to hand it before the 8th Assembly was dissolved in June 2019.
It was on this stregth that the bill was brought abck in the 9th National Assembly, by Distinguished Senator Abdullahi A. Yahaya, the current Leader of the Senate, in view of its importance.
We are pushing to make this clarification in order to clear the air on the cheap propaganda by distracting us that the 8th Assembly has rejected our bill.
We must also mention the fact that our bill has been mistaken with other similar bills introduced in both the Senate and the House of Represntative Chambers.
These bills, as we have closely examined them, we discovered that they just copied our intentions and the things our bill stands for.
We should draw to hear that no bills were introduced to the 8th Assembly, only our bill.
As such, we are the first to carry bills that are so big as this (Forensic).
As we have seen, it is very urgent to establish such a great institution.
The decision to establish the Institute was taken after they studied how the Institute was operating in other jurisdictions and how it has assisted in detection of crime, investigation and prosecution.
It is part of instructions to know that our institutions have been in place since 2009.
And over the years, and over the years, we have trained professionals to know forensic science technology, aimed at inculcating the requisite skills in the pragmatic areas of forensic investigation and management, with:
Forensic analysis should be taken to eliminate material misstatements, whether by error or fraud; voice recognition analysis; fingerprint/signature analysis; digital forensic and cyber security; crime scene investigation; global anti-corruption compliance and enforcement; litigation support, forensic investigation capacities, preparation of forensic reports, fraud risk management, corporate fraud analysis, fraud prevention, detection and investigation etc.
You would follow my reason that in the world where we are today, the normal way of investigating crime is that we want to stop it from becoming an old thing.
Therefore, as a country to do something meaningful in this regard, it is paramount that we should follow global trends and new innovations, put on the ground to fight corruption.
This is how we take reason to establish this institution with a better objective that is relevant to the anti-corruption agenda of this administration.
There is not too much time for me to talk about everything in the bill here.
However, I want you to allow me to mention a few of what the Bill will do, for the purpose of this, as it takes this:
that for establishing the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professional in Nigeria, to develop and train professionals in this specialised field, with systemic and professional examination and certification that will provide better skills in the use of science and technology in fraud detection, investigation and detection;
To provide a platform to train and return professionals on the use of Forensic Science and Technology tools and techniques to investigate fraud in both the public and private sectors of the economy, as they do everywhere;
To promote high professional standards, ethics and etiquettes among stakeholders, in a bid to curb fraud and corruption, and develop a mechanism for fraud prevention, as a proactive measure against corruption in general;
To fill the huge vacuum of our oldest normal system of investigation with the introduction of a unique operation of forensic science to help the country from expending its scarce foreign exchange to hire foreign expatriates to conduct forensic investigations in Nigeria;
To develop a broad-based mechanism and training programmes that will cut across all the strates of our investigation architecture, involving professionals such as Lawyers, Criminologists, Security Experts, Judicial Officers, Court Registrars, and Economists.
This will enhance effective and efficient disposition of cases as it is being adopted globally; and
To enhance anti-fraud mechanisms in Nigeria, through the provision of a legal framework for the professional development and discipline of forensic and investigative professionals in Nigeria, among others.
From the foregoing, it has shown that the role of these institutions is strategic and important.
It is also important to say that forensic science is a very wide field and involves many others, and it requires effective and efficient regulations to attain and sustain high level professionalism and ethical standards.
The broad spectrum of the scope and focal points of the Institute, includes but not only forensic toxicology; forensic investigation; forensic auditing; digital forensics and cybercrimes, forensic autopsy; forensic law; forensic accounting; forensic nursing; forensic pathology; forensic engineering; forensic psychology; forensic DNA analysis; forensic anthropology; forensic linguistics; forensic deontology; forensic dentistry; forensic archeology; forensic graphology, forensic entomology, etc.
Accordingly, you will agree that our Institute has brought unique concepts into crime detection and investigation following international best practices.
The concept beyond myopics taking things about our bill has covered them a sense of thingkin, due to narrow-mindedness and inordinate desire to monopolise a system, which has passed them jurisdiction and scope of operation.
On a lighter note, I want to draw the attention of everyone to the funny scenario that is playing out now, and as a matter of fact, it should be a source of concern for all the good Nigerians.
When the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professional of Nigeria Bill was introduced in the 8th National Assembly, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), came out with anger to oppose the passage because according to them, it was an unnecessary duplication of function by the institutions.
However, as our bill has been introduced again in this 9th National Assembly, and as we have seen the overwhelming and accelerated legislative support of our bill by the two Chamber, ICAn has realized that forensic science is a unique field of practice, and as we are talking, a similar Bill has been brought to the House of Representatives, as it has failed to stop the passage of this bill.
One can ask, what has changed between now and the past, where does ICAN have the view that any other institution should not regulate the practices of forensic science?
Your answer is the same with my own.
I would also like to inform you that the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), is also part of this episode.
Just like the ICAN counterparts, a bill has also been introduced to the House of Representatives in the same structure as the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Certified Fraud Examiners of Nigeria Bill, initiated by ANAN and promoted.
I decided to say all the fact that they should make Nigerians and even international communities understand the extent to which some people may say they should be targeted for.
However, this development does not disturb us at all, because we believe that despite the credibility and ability of the National Assembly and also of the Presidency to do the right thing, they should not enter manipulation in any way, with these unnecessarydistractions, they should not be made mockery of doing the whole thing.
ICAN is the practical and antagonist of this bill and we are seeing the reasons now.
Several bystanders were engaged in a bad petition, even targeting the leadership in the Senate, which sounded like a bleckmail.
As they failed in the Senate, the opponents shifted attention to the House of Representatives with the same bystanders as they were just writing many publications.
And again, they failed.
ordinarily according to a legislative procedure, a bill passed by the Senate requires only concurrence by the House except when observation is made.
But in the case of the CIFIPN Bill, the opponents fought it until the truth won on May 19, 2021, when the House of Representatives passed the Bill establishment of the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professional of Nigeria for Effective Regulation, Registration of Members and Determination of what the Standard Knowledge and Skil of a rigistered member must have and Qualify to practice as Forensic and Investigative Professional; and in Related Matters (HB. 791)
ICAN has registered its own Bill in the House of Representatives titled (REPEALING AND RE-ENACTMENT OF ICANS ACT.
The new Bill by ICAn contains full provision of forensic practice, including the establishment of a forensic university in Nigeria, and without it nobody can practice forensics in Nigeria, and anyone who violates it will be sent to prison for some years.
This is strange to hear in a country with a lot of open eyes.
The reason why I ate was that Nigeria was not the Banana Republic.
It does not matter the level of corruption there.
We are challenging as House of Representatives passes bill.
We should note that, while challenging the bill is not a bad thing, but because we are certain that the purpose of the bill is to stop presidential assent under the disguise that similar legislation has existed before.
We will not agree that they deceive us and the Nigerian people with them.
You will remember how ICAn openly took action against the CIFIPN and in a publication sponsored by the Association of Professional bodies of Nigeria led by Engr.(Chief)
Olumuyiwa Alade on May 24, 2019 made a lot of effort to tell us that the law enabling ICAN has given him the power to do forensics and pass the CIFIPN Bill will be like a duplicate law, but today ICAN is presenting them laws to include forensics in the new law.
The question is, what has changed?
The same law that ICAN has ordered the public forensics is seeking re-enact.
As usual, as we are not opposed to any group that proposes to include forensics beyond the law, our concern is that one body should not try to perpetuate itself.
ICAN and cohorts have realized inability to stop the passage of CIFIPN.
So they want to have a union for themselves.
They are feared by checks and balances, and they will not want another professional body to investigate their activities because they know what they are doing to the economy of this nation.
How will they want to judge their own cases by themselves?
This sound was strange.
On this note, we are calling on the National Assembly to be aware of the concerns of the group and not having to speak from both sides in their mouth so they are expected to use it to cajole the National Assembly.
Again, we want to appreciate the commitment of the 9th Assembly to ensure that the Bill is passed, the Nigerian people are aware that this administration is ready to fight corruption by any means and will encourage legislation aimed at achieving this goal.
We are confident that His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari did not hesitate to hand over the Bill as soon as he entered his table.
We call on Nigerians to participate in Forensic profession.
The profession is open to all professionals in their respective areas.
The Institute has a training section to guide and equip you.
I want to thank all of you, and I also speak to him again that we are committed to standing up with ethical standards as it follows the way it is done worldwide, as we provide our professional services, as well as training that will give us new ways to fight corruption and crime in general.
I urge stakeholders and better Nigerians to support this noble course and urge all of us to make efforts so that we can end corruption, the many security challenges, all over the country and other crises that followed.
Dr (Mrs) Enape Victoria Ayishetu, PhD, Pro-tem President, (CIFIPN) www.cifipn.org
Air peace test flights with new aircraft E195-E2
Air Peace has begun test flights for two new Embraer 195-E2 aircraft as they are preparing to start using them.
Daily Trust reports that the two aircraft were the first set among the 13 brand new 195-E2 aircraft purchased by the airline to complete their route expansion.
A spokesman of the airline, Stanley Olisa, told newsmen on Friday that one of the aircrafts were flown empty from Lagos to Owerri, Abuja and Port Harcourt to make it known on Thursday.
Olisa warned that a test flight to other destinations would continue, adding that the flights would not take long to start scheduling flights and offer a better travel experience to customers.
He said
The brand new E195-E2 aircraft, the third, will enter very soon, they said the reason for their expansion is the commitment to satisfying the air travel needs of Nigerians.
Using a test flight is a regulatory requirement that must be dubbed before carrying the aircraft into regular operations.
It would be recalled that Air Peace collected the two brands new ultramordern Embraer 195-E2 aircraft with 124 sits in January and March this year, with 11 more collected.
Tela Maize harvest has the potential to give 8 tons in one hectare.
Last Tuesday, the Institute of Agricultural Research (IAR), at Ahmadu Bello University Zaria, invited relevant stakeholders, including journalists, to witness the third harvest of the Tela Maize variety Confined Field Trials (CFT) under its Tela Maize Research Project funded by the Africa Agricultural Technology Foundation (AATF).
The name is derived from the maize varieties TELA in Latin TUTELA which means protection.
This type of maize has protection against pests and draught in its breed.
Professor Rabiu Adamu, the Principal Investigator, as well as other scientists who took journalists round the harvest, said the idea of the project was to produce maize varieties that are resistant or protected against two major insect pest: stalk (stem) borers and Fall Army Worm as well as other protection against moderate draught.
This is all about producing crops that are high yielding under stressed conditions; the stresses are Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major constraints to maize production.
If it is not controlled, if it can cause loss of up to 80 percent, plus drought if you do not properly manage rain shortage, you may not have any yield.
This is the third time this trial has been carried out.
It was under dry season for march that we did the first trial, and during the rainy season, we did another from June to November.
This is the third trial from November to April.
That is what they are trying to showcase, the main researcher said.
As the three CFT trials are successful, researchers will have to test and validate to show that what is recorded in their research stations is performing well in the farmers fields in different locations and environmental conditions as it begins the rainy season of 2021.
By the end of 2022, if all things work well, Nigerian farmers will expect all these hybrids to be with them.
Dr. Muhyideen Ayekunle, a maize breeder under this project said from the last two trials, the transgenic varieties recorded gave 17 percent advantage over those without BT despite well infested.
We have infested the varieties we are put in trial three times unlike the previous to look at how effective the BT Gene is in the maize product.
With the results, researchers have said the yield would increase to 17 percent.
Therefore, we will then analyze the data and prepare documents to get approval for environmental release.
The doses will be submitted to the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) and reviewed.
Once they give us approval for this product, we can show face outside.
And then we can get a national performing trial.
The Director General/CEO of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA), Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, at the event, called on the scientists to continue searching for biotic and biotic solutions to the challenges facing farmers in the country.
We have tested some technology that is capable of providing solutions to the problems faced by farmers, to take advantage of it and move forward, he said.
Dr Rose Maxwell Gidado, the Country Coordinator of OFAB Nigeria, said the impact would be positive.
The yield of farmers will increase by 17 percent and you know that productivity and harvest are the benefits of farming.
Once you agree, you will have a lot of harvest and profit.
She said when this kind of maize is ready to get into the hands of farmers, it will increase their livelihood, money, and the price of maize will go down.
Manchester United fight back to win Aston Villa
Manchester United were fighting back to take Aston Villa 3-1 away in the Premier League on Sunday as Bruno Fernandes, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani scored in the second half to hold the celebration of Manchester City.
The result left United with 70 points from 34 games, 10 points behind City who had played one game above them and missed the chance to win the title on Saturday after they were beaten home 2-1 on Saturday.
Bertrand Traore pu Villa was ahead in the 24th minute with a brilliant strike entering the top corner from 15 metres after some weak denfending by the visitors, as they trowayed the ball for their own half several times.
Fernandes equalised in the 52th minute with penaty, sending the goalie to Villa, Emiliano Martinez the wrong way with the spot-kick he coolee took, this followed a rough challenge from Douglas Luiz tumbled by Paul Pogba.
Grenwood turned the match on his head four minutes later with a neat shot on the turn from inside the penalty area after shaking off the centre back Tryone Mings.
The replacement of Edinson Cavani was a sealed win for United with the goal he scored in the 87th minute.
After the news broke out in Daily Trust, NCC has banned the sale and use of mobile phones booster.
The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has banned the sale and use of GSM network boosters (for mobile connectivity) especially by banks, residents, government agencies, among others to improve telecommunications services.
The Commission is given the 14-day Pre-Enfircement Notice on Tuesday, signed by the Director Public Affairs, Ikechukwu Adinde.
He said the warning would have effect from Tuesday and as the deadline expires, the NCC said it would commence action against non-instructions.
This is happening less than a month after Daily Trust on April 24, 2021 that businessmen at the Sabon Gari market in Kano and other business areas said they were buying boosters to improve the reception of the bad telecommunication networks in the area.
Some of the traders said the service was not good as telecommunication service providers are not doing much to improve services over the benefits they are making in such places.
According to them, many traders and customers are engaged in digital and online financial transactions (data-based cashless services) as well as other telecommunication-based services and still have poor call/data services.
In the notice, NCC said selling, installing and using GSm booster was illegal.
In the notice, the NCC said they are doing their duty to ensure that consumers are protected, to ensure quality of service and maintenance of a technical standard of communication equipment, as provided in Section 131 (1) of the Nigerian Communications Act (NCA) 2003.
Such an act may lead to sanctions involving moneyplus/or prison, or the two (fine plus prison) as well as the seizure of any equipment used for the illegal enhancement of network coverage.
LG polls: Protest begins as candidates are being imposed in APC
Some members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State have protested against the party's adoption of some consensus candidates in some local government areas ahead of the July 24 local government elections in the state.
Supporters of the party have announced that the party would adopt consensus candidates in some local government areas and conduct direct and or indirect primary voting to emmerge some candidates.
The protesters who entered the secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), in Ogun State, were accused of imposing a candidate for the post of some APC leaders in Abeokuta South LGA.
They carried placards that included We Say No To Money Bags.
in Abeokuta South and
Allow Members of the Party to pick who they want, and said preferred aspirant is Farouk Akintunde.
One of the party leaders who followed the protest, Balogun Ololade, said Gov dapo Abiodun should intervene in the matter to save democracy from jeopardy.
Between the DSS and people who want to be separated in some regions.
The ears of the DSS to groups and people who are speaking and doing things that can provoke and destroy the ethno-religious environment and threaten the harmonous co-existence of the majority common folk of the country, have started to sound like one said until they were forced to leave where they were deceiving people.
A lingering question about who or which person and group the security agents are speaking was promptly vapourized in the heated rhetorical outbust of the nation's prominent geo-ethnic agitator.
Afenifere, African Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF).
It is clear to all of us that this is the group of people who have continued to resort to inciting, unguarded and divisive statements and acts, to set up countries against themselves to set fire of tribal and religious discord, as the DSS is charged with one of them warning.
Interestingly, not within the major suspects for the exploitation of some fault lines to cause ethno-religious violence in some parts of the country can categorically distance themselves from the treacherous and subversive activities detected by security agents.
The same conviction is chorus that the DSS knows who are responsible, they only differ in the direction they are pointing to accusing them with a finger.
AS Afenifere said these people know who are responsible for the acts, but cannot be touched because of their connectivity, PANDEV reiterated about the number of people running alienated and ACF acting as if they don't know, asking who the people are.
Since the DSS knew them and went satanic, they should take action to deal with them.
The NEF sounded like someone who is not convinced that if there are people pushing the country into deep crises and knowing them, they should be treated in accordance with the law.
You don't need to be shocked to know what the DSS knows about these flag bearers of geo-ethnic politics in Nigeria or to understand why they all know that the DSS knows them yet they insist to pass the buck outside their clique.
The truth is that these ethnic politicians do not know any better solution to the problem Nigeria is facing than sectional enclave and chief lord over the rest of the country as rulers, not leaders!
They are desperate and unscrupulous to pursue their inordinate ambition that they are agitated absurdly and frequently to break Nigeria up.
Ambition-powered mind games intoxicate their geographical consciousness to reduce all it takes to excising the Territorial contours of their enclaves with the frenzied ease of cutting their portion of the remaining crumbs of the proverbial national cake.
To put it simple, to break up or out of Nigeria as a ultimate political panacea or consolatory opportunity to inordinate ambition of people or groups undermining the ambition of a majority of us-being Nigerians commonly restlessly in enduring peaceful coexistence, it is easier to say than to do.
All these groups are a major block to the steady attainment of unity and to live together in peace Nigeria has worked for since the flag of independence.
As long as they continue to parade the political ground as ethnic champions, they consider Nigeria as an entitlement for their ethnic stake in the population, to be claimed or seized, and if all fail, to be deconstructed and disowned as a failed state.
Whenever they meet, the agenda is not for Nigeria to progress and develop, unless the leadership is handed firmly, odawise is all about hecking and jostling around with barely concealed determination to deploy the notorious Nigerian Ph.d, pull-him-down Syndrome against the incumbent non-indigene President.
Whether it is ACF, Afenifere, Ohanaeze, PANDEV or Northern Elders Forum, there are and activities that will be opposed to the quest of Nigeria for unity, peace and development.
Another indication that we cannot deny for this regional separatist is that all of them are sel-styled political pressure groups that pretend to be representatives of various ethnic groups.
From the membership, it is plain to see that consists of ex-this.
ironically, this political lack gives them the ginger to come together, desperate to remain relevant to a democratic system run by elected representatives through registered political parties and legislative and executive institutions established with a constitution to dispense good governance and dividends of democracy.
It is the only nasty nuisance value the geo-ethnic groups have in our democratic setin as they continue with mischief, sabotage, blackmail and subversion that they intend to make Nigeria ungovernable as they are threatened and try so that if they have the chance they can regain political relevance and control.
That's why frequesnt meetings are causing security alert!
With such a predator-politician who goes round the perimeter of power with dubious intentions and undermine an elected government just because they are not involved in it, it is beyond reasonable doubt that there is a convergence of interest linking their overt activities and the covert criminality of kidnappers, insurgents, armed robbers, bandits and allied terrorists, combined to make Nigeria not governable.
It is a double danger that can describe the trilling situation of the Buhari administration as it has to handle such a nomba of formidable enemy unleashing numerous assaults on national security in the time when the economy is facing new difficult things.
To that extent, there can be only two groups of politicians: those who participate with positive minds in the democratic dispensation and partner in moving the country forward against all odds and those who have negative minds bringing discord and disorder to distabilise the country.
By what they are saying and what they are doing, we all know them!
At the end of the day, the majority of Nigerians are ordinary citizens whose survival conditions are not followed or depended on their origin.
They struggle every day to make their lives follow their submission to the will of one God despite their different beliefs.
Nigeria is a fatherland where destiny has put them, and they remain loyal, pursuing and praying, knowing that they do not have any other country to call themselves, as well as showing how citizenship can breathe true patriotism.
It is also known that Afenifere, African Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) have been using inciting, unguarded and divisive statements and activities to put citizens against one another to set fire on the tribal and religious problems in the political ambitions of their leaders.
The prayer remaining in the mouth of a poor man is:
GOVERNMENT,
NIGERIA BETER!
Manzo Reuben is youth leader in Lokoja
10 dead as a terrorist attempt to attack army formation
troops in the Nigerian Army, on Saturday, netralised not less than 10 Boko Haram terrorists who wanted to attack troops of Operation Hadin Kai in ran, the headquarters of Kala Balge Local Government Area in Borno State.
This comes when it did not pass 24 hours by the recently appointed Chief of Army Staff, Maj.-Gen.
Farouk Yahaya enters as leader of the Nigerian Army.
The spokesman of the Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen.
Mohammed Yerima, in a statement available, explained that the terrorists, who came in numerous cases, took gun trucks to the ground and attempted to infiltrate the main entrance to the town.
The high spirit troops are right on hand to counter the move and carry humiliating defeat to the terrorists who abandoned their evil mission and run, Yerima said.
The troops are chasing the runaway terrorists and ensuring there is no threat in towns and people there.
troops successfully destroyed one of them a truck and collected weapons including an anti-aircraft gun, two machine guns and eight AK-47 rifflr as ten terrorists were neutralised in the process.
Daily Trust reports that Chief of Defence Staff, Gen. Lucky Irabor, on Friday charged the new COAS to ensure that he builds on the legacy of late Attahiru in defeating the terrorist enemy in Northesat and other regions of the country.
Second U.S. congresswoman test positive for COVID-19 after Capitol problem
Pramila Jayapal, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, said she contacted the Coronavirus (COVID-19) after being locked in the same room with some Republican lawmakers who were not wearing mask during the incident in the Capitol last week.
I just collected a positive COVID-19 test after being locked down in a secure room from the Capitol where many Republicans who were not wicked not to wear masks but were recklessly mocked by colleagues and staff who offered them masks, Jayapal said in a post on her official Twitter account.
Earlier on Monday, U.S. Congress woman Bonnie Watson Coleman said she also contracted COVID-19 with possible exposure during the lockdown in the Capitol on Jan. 6.
Jayapal, a member of the Democratic Party, accused the lawmakers from the Republican of causing the spread of COVID-19 and called for punishment.
Any member who refuses to wear a face mask will be held accountable for putting our lives at danger because they are selfish and idiots.
I am calling on every member who refuses to wear masks in the Capitol to be fined and removed from the floor by Sergeant of Arms, she said in a Twitter post.
It is not clear whether the two congress women were in the same room during the lockdown in the Capitol.
Jayapal was not happy as U.S. President Donald Trump failed to contain the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and vowed to do everything in his power to remove him from office.
A 30-year-old man has been arraigned as a woman was attacked in Edo.
The police have arraigned a 30-year-old Gabriel Fidelis before Ogbeson chief magistrates court in Benin for allegedly assaulting a woman, Rebecca Izevbigie.
The man was accused of three charges of conspiracy, unlaful assault and malicious damage punishable under Sections 516, 355, and 451 of the criminal code.
The prosecutor, Sgt. Kehinde Iyare, told the court that the accused joined other people who had run to commit the offence on April 11, at Estate Quarters, along Benin-Agbor Road, in Benin City.
She further told the court that the accused, with others who have run assaulted one Rebecca Izevbigie unlawfully by hitting and bitting her.
She added that the accused also used iron roads to break her on the leg.
She further told the court that on March 31, 2021, the accused intentionally and maliciously spoiled the complainant's hand basin and the matter amounted to N8,000.
The accused pleaded not guilty as the counsel Mrs E. E Idahosaapply for her bail and she said he would not jump bail.
Following, Chief Magistrate Mutairu Oare granted bail for the accusation for the sum of N100,000 with one person to stand for it.
He said the person who will stand with him must bring two recent passport photos of himself and that of the accusation.
He ordered the court registrar to verify the information supplied and the place where the surety lived, and adjourned the case to May 10 for hearing.
Why the National Assembly cannot impeach Buhari Senator in Oyo
The Senator representing Oyo North Senatorial District, Fatai Buhari, has said the National Assembly has not seen any reason to impeach President Muhammadu Buhari.
The senator disclosed this while paying Salah's visit to the former governor of Oyo State, Rashidi Ladoja, saying it had a process of impeaching the president.
Senators Buhari submission comes a day after Senators Yusuf Abubakar (APC Taraba) and Cahir in the Senate committee on a special duty said leaving President Buhari would not end insecurity in the country.
People are calling for President Buhari's resignation or impeachment as there is insecurity in the country.
But Senator Buhari has urged those who want to break the country not to create problems that are not easy to solve.
There is a process of impeaching the president.
Anybody calling for the impeachment of the president should give better reasons to do impeachment.
We have not seen any reason to impeach the president.
If necessary, we will table and discuss it, and the two houses must come together.
Impeaching the president is not what one will just wake up a day and begin to say.
He has a procedure.
Why do you want to cause problems and confusion that you cannot solve?
That's how he asked.
On the security challenges faced by the country, the lawmaker said; We have no other country than Nigeria.
Nigeria is our country and home.
Let's try to do internal security.
Let's play our own part; let's not let anything be given to the government alone.
We should set up local police to know all the places.
No matter how, we know each other.
In the early 80s, we traveled at night.
But at the level of insecurity now, something fundamental is missing.
He said the 9th National Assembly discussed security, more than 59 times.
We have been discussing security issues more than 30 times in the 8th Assembly, and this 9th Assembly has also discussed more than 50 times.
Everyone should be vigilant, even if he changes the service chief several times, he will not solve the security problem, the senator said.
Ranchers support as CBN sets forex restrictions on imports of dairy
The Commercial Ranchers Association of Nigeria (CODaran) has expressed support for the restriction on foreign exchange of dairy products.
Remember that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circular over companies that have been restricted from foreign exchange to import milk and dairy products over a year now.
But during a visit to the government of the CBN recently, the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, said the European Union (EU) had complied against Nigeria over that restriction.
In a statement by Dianabasi Akpainyang, the CorAN, it said Nigeria has the potential to harvest dairy products that will provide jobs and create investments in local production of milk.
The CBN governor is right.
Indeed, Nigeria has the potential to meet, as well as sustain the dairy requirements.
Akpainyang said the milk ground for collection and processing is not close to that figure at the moment, but noted that since it is likely, it is necessary for everyone to stand on fire to seek urgent development of the local dairy sector.
citing a report from the CBN that Nigeria spends $1.5 billion annually to import dairy products, he said the figure would increase as demand for dairy products increases.
He is referring to issues such as poor productivity of local cow, cow nutrition, animal diseases management system, as they do not have a better organised system to take milk, as they do not have too much finance, insecurity, poor infrastructure, insufficient extension services, inadequate processing and storage facilities, low investment in research and development and the lack of modern technology are the major problems faced by the sector.
However, he said the Advancing Local Dairy Development in Nigeria (ALDDN) programme currently run in four states Adamawa, Kaduna, Kano and Plateau are addressing the problem.
PDP frowns face as APC claims to have registered 2.5m in Lagos
Uproar is following as the All Progressives Congress (APC) disclosed that 2.5m members were registered in Lagos for nationwide and revalidation exercise.
Chaiman of the APC Registration Supervisory Committee in Lagos, Dr. Muhammad Bashiru, said during the closing of a recommendation letter to the supervisor that about 2.5 million have been registered in the 20 local government areas in the state.
But the leading opposition party, the People's Democratic Party (PDP), has described the figure as false and fake.
APC has an habit of cooking figures to make people believe they are popular, the PDP said.
The PDP spokesman, Taofik Gani, in a chat with Daily Trust described the APC as a party that is being filled with liars, saying the party is no longer popular in the state.
This is not the first time a non-true figure is brought out.
Even in the last election, the total number of votes obtained by the APC was around 600,000.
He said the claims that they have 2.5 million are false and fake.
Our correspondent reports that APC candidate Babajide Sanwo-Olu won the governorship election in 2019 with 739,445 votes while President Muhammadu Buhari had 580,825 votes in the presidential election.
The state chairman of the National Conscience Party (NCP), Comrade Bayo Ogunleye, has described the claims by the APC as the greatest lies in the century.
But APC spokesman Seye Oladejo told our correspondent that the party will prove their nomination in the July 24 local government elections.
Geographical Indication to promote diversification of economy, FG
The Federal Government has stressed that Geographical Indications (GIs) will help in promoting diversification of the economy and also support participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono said this during the capacity building workshop on GIs in the public sector/policymakers in Nigeria in Abuja.
Nanono, represented by the Deputy Director of Irrigation and Crop Development, Hajia Sugra Mahmood, noted that properly adopted the initiative would support the preservation of the biodiversity of the country facing existential threats as a result of climate change and the attendant destruction of the environment.
Speaking, it could assist in commercialising the product of food culture and other cultures and enable actors in the value chain to benefit from commercialization, especially for women and youths in rural areas who are mainly involved in the production of the products.
Therefore, this workshop is taking place at a crucial moment when this administration is working tirelessly to diversify the economy from hydrocabons by other sectors such as agriculture, manufacturing, mining tourism etc.
Such initiatives that promote GIs will help to fast track the process of diversification of the economy and also support our participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area and globally.
These may cause reviving the economy in rural areas as seen in the case of some properly branded products such as Ofada rice, kilishi, Dudu Osun, etc.
It will also make it the documcion of our indigenous knowledge that is sad as we are losing over time.
The current administration is ready to partner with all relevant stakeholders both local and foreign in a bid to preserve the natural and bio-cultural endowment of the country and also exploit it to strengthen the resilience of the economy, in order to provide a decent livelyhood for all Nigerians, as it states.
Earlier, the Minister of Satte Industry, Trade and Investment, Haija Mariam Katagum, in a welcome address said the workshop was designed to specifically train the public sector and policy makers in Nigeria, with the view of examining how it is possible to adopt Geographical Indication (Gis) legislation and policies into industrial property and agriculture landscape in Nigeria.
She said we cannot avoid the entry into effect of the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA), which puts responsibility on decision makers to begin talking about the update of legislation on industrial property.
President in Israel speaks to find a new government
President of Israel Reuven Rivlin is preparing to speak with top politicians on how to form a government after caretaker Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu failed to do so after match elections were not conclusive.
According to Rivlins office, talks with Naftali Bennett of the Yamina party and former opposition leader Yair Lapid of the Yesh Atid (Future) party are scheduled for Wednesday morning.
The head of state also invited representatives from the other parties represented in parliament to present positions on the progress of the process to form government.
It was last nite the deadline for right-winger Natanyahu to form a governorship coalition.
This means that the camp of people who are opposed to Netanyahu is facing an opportunity to end the era of the 71-year-old as head of government.
Whether they succeed, however, it is still open.
New elections are still not out of the question as Israel is still in a political crisis.
Netanyahu will remain the head of the interim government as time goes.
He has been in office for 12 years continuously and is the longest serving head of government in Israeli history.
He has been charged with corruption and has rejected all the accusations.
Rilvin is expected to appoint Lapid as the opposition leader to form the head of the government.
His party is a political centre; at the end of the match, it has become the second- Strongest force in the fourth parliamentary election in two years.
Rivlin can also give the mandate to the Knesset.
In this case, each member of the parliament can try to find the support of 61 of the 120 members with 21 days.
Ganduje release 123 prisoners in eid-el-Fitri
Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano has granted freedom to 123 inmates across the state.
Ganduje, who witnessed the release of inmates from Goron Dutse Prison on Thursday, said the gesture was in the spirit of Eid-El Fitr celebration.
He said it was how the offence was committed and how there had been signs of reformation in prison that they had selected people.
The governor said he decided to show in the prison to tell the inmate that the government of the state knows that they exist and are seen as citizens of the state.
Ganduje said the gesture was to compliment the Federal Government efforts to further reduce the jailing of people in national prisons.
He advised the former inmate to change their attitude to life and pray for peace and stability in Nigeria.
The governor also gave 5,000 to each of the inmate who he was free to go to where they were going.
Earlier, the comptroller of prisons in Kano, Suleiman Suleiman, thanked the governor for freeing thousands of inmate since entering office.
Suleiman urged the inmate who were released to stay away from crime to avoid coming back to prison.
Ganduje visited his home and reminded them as well as the childrenâ€™s home in Kano as part of his wrong celebration.
Korda breaks Through Parma Clay
On the eve of Roland Garos, 20-year-old American Sebastian Korda scored a career breakthrough when he beat Italian Marco Cecchinato 6-2, 6-4, in Parma for a first title.
Korda, son of the former world
No 2 and Australian Open Winner Petr Korda, who did not enter the ATP tour final before the event in Parma, did not win consecutive matches on clay.
Cecchinato, who won all his three titles on clay, comes from Brescia, 90 kilometres away from Parma.
The fans who were allowed to enter the event for the first time were supporting the local boy.
Today I played a tough opponent and that is not easy, Korda said.
They continue to cheer him, but I am proud of myself.
and how I handle it.
Although his father is from Czech, Sebastian Korda, who was born in Florida decided to represent the US.
The victory made him the first player from America to win a clay court tournament since Sam Querrey in Belgrade after 11 years.
This is something that has been in my dream, Korda said, adding that he was expected to win a title soon after he named a event in Florida in January.
I was really a thingk to do it at Delray Beach, and it broke my little heart.
What should not be wearing in public: negating Nigeria's multiculturalism
By Bashir Ibrahim Hassan
Is it a pure coincidence that, as problems smell in Kwara state recently, they are considering a solution to it at lower House in the National Assembly in the capital territory of Abuja?
The problem in Ilorin was the refusal of some Christian faith schools to allow Muslim students to wear hijab to school.
The solution to this predicament is the debate on Religious Discrimination (Prohibition, Prevention)
RDPP Bill, 2021, ridicule Hijab Bill in a section of media in Nigeria.
Both events are spark heated arguments and often emotional debates that, at the bottom of everything, threaten to negate multicultural identity and reality of Nigeria.
The whole idea of the school owners by banning Muslim students wearing hijab and sympathising can be reduced to what they should not wear in public.
This is another major part of the concern of the RDPP Bill before the House of Representatives the humiliation and denial of opportunities.
What women in Nigeria are facing because of what they are wearing in public?
It is clear that the former clearly violated the fundamental human right of the Muslim students to express their faith without discrimination; even though the school could have a defence or take such positions.
The latter is trying to assert this right not only to Muslims but also to Christians whenever or whenever they are threatened with discrimination because of their fauths.
To run through the argument by the owners of Christian faith schools in Kwara, it is easy for one to understand the pragmatic appeal of the argument that Muslim children should go to other schools for other pleases if they do not want to comply.
The problems that die arguments have many.
First, calling Muslim students to another place unless they agree to rule the school on uniform is very little to promote inclusion, which is the bedrock of our multicultural and multi-religious society.
Secondly, the position poses a moral question: can we justify the basis of school rule on the Christian majority of the school?
Then, the third, the argument he goes elsewhere appears to have ignored the difficulties in changing school for a child.
The inconvenience is a lot.
While changing schools for children, educational psychology will tell you that it interferes negatively not only with emotional but academic development as well.
Finally, the Christian faith schools by achieving the so-called ghettorization by concentrating students with the same religious belief in particular schools.
The social cost of this thing will be paid for society.
The Commissioner for Education, Kemi Adeosun, argued, while speaking to the press, that the government was convinced that policies to allow willing Muslim school girls to wear their hijab in public schools would lead to sustainable peace and communal harmony built on mutual respect and understanding.
In a country that guarantees freedom of religion, which signs the declaration of international human rights, the basic question to ask is: how justifiable is denying children in Nigeria access to school for choice on the basis of their religion?
Nigeria is a signatory to the Universal Declaration on Human Rights (UDHR).
The UDHR insists that all human beings are free and equal, regardless of colour, creed or religion.
It contains 30 articles on rights and freedoms including, among others, the rif=ght to life, free speech and privacy.
It includes economic, social and cultural rights, such as the right to health and education.
I see articles 18 and 26 of UDHR very relevant to the issue in consideration and we quote them in full below:
Everyone has the freedom to say or believe in what they want, including a religious belief.
We have the right to change our belief or religion at any time, and the right to practice our religion in public or private, alone or with others.
Everyone has the right to education.
Primary schools should be free.
We should continue our studies as far as we wish.
In schools, they should help us develop our talents and teach us how to respect every human right.
They should also teach us how to deal with other people whose ethnicity, religion, or country they come from.
Our parents have the right to choose which school to go.
All these laws are the tools that give Muslim women like Ilhan Omar the equality to sit in the House of Representatives in the US and still wear Hijab without being molested or discriminated.
Ilhan Abdullahi Omarna American politician serving in the U.S. Representative of the 5th Congregation in Minnesota district since 2019.
The bill was sponsored by the Deputy Chairman of House of Representative Committee on Finance Affairs, representing Bida/Gbako/Katcha Federal Constituency of Niger State.
Saidu Musa Abdullahi.
The bill is aimed at addressing discriminatory conduct, as well as prohibition of discrimination on religious matters when it comes to employment and the terms and conditions that follow it.
It will stop qualifying and professional partners, education institutions, employers and other sectors from discriminating against a person, a student or a personnel based on religion or the manifestation.
When passed, the law will bury issues such as what we saw in Kwara for good. When passed, the law will bury issues such as what we saw in Kwara for good.
It will also address the bitter behaviour of executive who are carrying prejudice to public office and will also be allowed to cover sense of judgment.
The law should be welcomed.
After all, it is only to expand and expatiate the provision in the Nigerian Constitution and in UDHR documents as mentioned above.
It was in line with similar laws passed in the country to tackle social wahal and cultural practices that are harmful to the Prohibition of Violence Against Peoples and Disability Law (VAPP).
As disability is trying to remove any discrimination facing disabled people, the VAPP is facing domestic and other gender violence in the country.
One by the other, the people representing us in the legislative chamber have been using legal tools to tackle all social problems facing our country.
They are addressing these social roughnesses not because there is no law before they are addressed, but they want to carry everything together in order not to be allowed to be completed.
As road is still far in UDHR, and there is no means to enforce it, the RDPP law and similar laws are on the ground to punish offenders.
While it contradicts the view of critics, as far as the RDPP Bill is concerned, there is no evidence that they want to put a state of religion on any state that can domesticate the law.
It does not go against Section 10 of the Constitution of Nigeria that supports that the Government of Do Federation or State may not adopt any religion as State Religion.
To push the argument, because the bill calls on the general public to respect the rights of Muslim women wearing Hijab in public places, that it is only to curb Islamaphobia.
In the final analysis, it is going against our multicultural pretenses to deny any Nigerian whether it is male or female religious freedom.
It is against equality, and basic human rights as it stands in the constitution of Nigeria and the legal document of the Universal Declaration of Human Rghts.
A bill that will make such a decimation on religion a criminal, such as the RDPP bill will have a welcomed nod.
He writes from Abuja Bashir.
President of Niger Issoufou wins N1.95bn leadership prize in Africa
President of Niger Mahamadou Issoufou was announced winner of $5m (N1.905bn) in 2020.
Ibrahim prize for African leadership.
Issoufou has served two terms of five years each as president from 2011 to 2020.
Former Interior Minister Mohamed Bazoum will enter office after winning the presidential election last month.
The award-winning committee praises the leadership of the Niger president after he met the economy among the poorest in the world.
He said it sparked economic growth, demonstrating commitment to regional stability and the constitution, and championing democracy in Africa.
Mr Issoufou is the number six winner of the Ibrahim Prize.
He tweeted that the prize honors everyone in Nigeria.
I see this award as an ecncouragement to continue to do things and act in a way that promotes a democracy value and a better government not only in Niger but in Africa and the world, he said.
Prize winners include Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia (2017), President Hifikepunye Pohamba of Namibia (2014), President Pedro Pires of Cabo Verde (2011), President Festus Mogae of Botswana (2008) and President Jo Aquim Chissano of Mozambique (2007).
KEDCO has a taskforce to enforce collection, and check who bypasses meters.
The management of Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) has formed a taskforce to ensure payment of electricity.
In a statement issued by Ibrahim Sani Shawai, head of Corporate Communication, KEDCO, the taskforce has been given power to ensure that all of them are collected including those used to help KEDCO consolidate on the numerous reforms to improve power supply.
The taskforce will also be investigating issues of bypass of meters, illegal connections, energy tif and other forms of sabotage.
In this regard, anybody who is seen as a sabotage in any way will be treated according to the law.
We appeal to our customers to pay attention to all our intallations and to ensure their meters are properly protected against vandals.
We assure all of our customers that our initiative is to give meters to which we want to take quench estimated billing and to give customers the opportunity to pay for what they are still using, according to the statement.
IBEDC carries sellers under powerline
The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has issued a warning against selling the market under a high-tension wire to avoid badness.
The Chief Operating Officer (COO) Engr John Ayodele charged the backdrop of the increasing trading activities where the high-tension wire was unveiled.
In Osh Igbo, the capital of Osun State, mechanic shops, block industries, car wash shops, POS shops and small-small trading are common things that we see under high-tension wire along Power Line and ring road.
Engr Ayodele has appealed to residents to take very important safety precautions and counsel those selling under high-tension wire to move to safe places.
He also urged residents not to call those who do not know how to repair light and assured them that technical crew at IBEDC would be available to rectify any fault.
He cautioned that those who have the habit of harassing IBEDC staff while performing their duties as stipulated by the law to stop it, said IBEDC would explore all available legal options to seek redress if any of its staff were harassed.
It is also important that other safety precautions, such as supervision of children, are taken to avoid electric accidents,he said.
10 newborn children have died in a fire incident in an Indian hospital.
Ten new children died on Saturday in a fire in a state-run hospital in western Idia, officials said.
A total of 17 new children were deployed to the unit, including the sick children, when the fire broke early Saturday at the Bhandara District General Hospital in Maharashtra State.
Seven new children died as smoke struck them, and three died as a result of a fire, Maharashtra health minister Rajesh Tope told reporters.
Nurses and ward staff rescued seven babies
The age of all the new children ranges from a few days to three months, said Prashant Uike, a health district official in Bhandara.
The government has ordered an investigation into the incident and a safety audit in a unit that carries for new pikines in the country.
Initial reports indicate that the fire may have occurred because of one of the short circuits in one of the incubators, according to Tope.
The staff said several black smoke quickly filled the ward, adding the minister.
Legal requirements have been dismissed after the deaths, and the children have been brought to their families, according to Tope.
The families of the victim will receive a compensation of 500,000 rupees (approximately $6,814) for each family.
Police search newspapers for reporting on IPOB
Police harass newspapers and readers in Abia State
Daily Trust reports that since the weekend, police from the Aba Area Command have been arresting newspapers and readers concerning reports on the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Resident said there was fear at Ama-Ogbonna Junction in the commercial city when police raided the place on Sunday.
A eyewitness said residents were running to safety as police were shooting in an attempt to arrest journalists and readers.
They have been accused of selling newspapers carrying the story containing the sit-at-home order issued by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Dr. Elendu Ukoh, who took the matter to his eyes, appealed to the state government and Igbo leaders to call on the police authority to call on them not to cause problems in the city.
The kind of people we are put in police makes me wonder if we want anything good to come out of this country.
How can someone pursue people selling newspapers in Aba, in the mordrn world?
If you stop people from reading hard copies of newspapers, would you still stop them from reading the same stories on Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Telegram, among others?
What kind of old police style is this?
They caused panic on Sunday as they were shooting and making noise.
The entire neighborhood was said to have been chasing kidnappers.
He was later discovered to have arrested a vendor and readers, who gathered at his newspaper stand.
How will the police follow the struggle of those selling newspapers?
What kind of problem paper can cause and social media cannot cause 20 times?
These people are not normal,he said.
Another resident, Michael Anorue, said that almost all the people selling newspapers he visited in Aba.
They are empty on Tuesday.
He said, We heard as they were speaking on Saturday and Sunday that the newspapers carried a story concerning the sit-at-hom order of honouring the Biafra issue, and my question is, what is wrong with it?
Earlier political leaders in the South East, reminded these reckless police officers that Biafra bigger than IPOB, the better for them.
Does proscribing IPOB mean that Biafra has also been proscribed?
We are all Biafra people.
On May 30, the World Igbo Congress (WIC) held a zoom conversation, where they spoke about a hero who fell in Biafra.
Why did the police not go to Youtube, Zoom and other social media that brought the matter to air?
All they did was to come to the streets and start making unnecessary troubles.
I wish the leader of Igboland would warn these reckless police officers not to allow what is happening in Imo State to enter Aba, because it is going to be worse for everyone.
SP Geoffrey Ogbonna, Abia State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), denied the arrest of journalists and readers by the police.
NAMA frowns face as air traffic controlers lament poor tools
Air Traffic Controlers (ATC)) in Nigeria on Sunday cryed out concerning the dilapitated navigational equipment in most airports in the country.
The ATCs under the National Air Traffic Controlers Association (NATCA) said the situation was a threat to air safety.
It is also said the International Airport in Kaduna has a control tower that can help aircraft navigate without trouble.
Yomi Agoro, the President of NatCA or a chat with newsmen at the weekend, said the thing at Kaduna airport was a watchroom used by other Aviation personnel, not a control tower for only air traffic controlers.
He also said other airports in the country do not have the necessary equipment to navigate without difficulties.
He explained that some airports do not even have functional equipment.
Even Kaduna has no control tower.
What they are using here is a watch room (for firefighters), not for that purpose, and we are calling on government to do somethimg.
We enter Sokoto, if rain falls, the controller takes a umbrella to sit at the control tower, and what happens, some of the control tower attached to the terminal building have been seed to FAAN, while the one standing alone is with NAMA, but we have followed the two organisations.
We are still following terrestial radio frequency fight, communication here and there.
There is Calabar here; there is no airport to go today where you can say it works up to 80 per cent.
NAMA recently employed and trained 40 new controllers, but NatCA said the number was too low to meet the shortfall.
However, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), Capt Fola Akinkuotu, told Daily Trust that the allegations were false.
He said the federal government had invested hugely in improving navigational aid and helping safe flight operations.
It is just politics, he said, it is ordinary politics.
Government has spent a lot not too long to improve Aviation infrastructure.
I am not just saying this because I am a MD in NAMA.
If you want to hear the true story, my suggestion is always that, ask people on the street, ask people for NAMA and they will tell you they have never seen such a good thing under this administration.
It is painful that people talk like this.
We are not in any category Three (CAT3), this government has put two on ground, another two are still coming.
Government spends N1.7bn on mobile control tower
There is also ongoing revitalisation of the safe tower.
We are reconstructing the TRACON (T Total Radar Coverage of Nigeria).
Other sectors should jealous us.
E-commerce in Nigeria: Legal framework, challenges and prospect
E-commerce refers to the use of communication technology especially the internet to buy, sell and market goods and services to customers.
The internet has brought fundamental shift into economies that are not close to each other because of brier into ross-border trade and investment, which is far away, time zone and language and which is different from national government regulations.
E-commerce fosters direct access to nearby markets and promotes globalisation and commercial activities as well as distinction between domestic and foreign companies to the extent that it is not possible to know where the product comes from.
E-commerce is not limited to purchase of products alone, it includes e-mail, as well as other communication platforms, all the information or services that the company can offer to customers on the Internet, from pre-purchase information to aftasale services and support.
The major importance of its trade lies in the fact that it encourages a single world trading system, which accesses through electronic means to acquire goods and services being facilitated from different parts of the world.
Most of the statues on the ground in Nigeria are behind toward the development and growth of e-commerce in particular and the entire ICT.
In Nigeria, a lot of legal research and studies have been carried out.
Many in the study argued that the Nigerian legal system was behind legislation involving ICT and that the existing statutory laws were inadequate to address some of the legal issues affecting e-commerce.
These issues include electronic evidence cybercrimes, security and data production, e-payment system and inevitably trans-border issues, among others.
Therefore, there is a need to bring out appropriate legal and regulatory measures to govern the current regime.
It has been repeatedly said that in Nigeria, significant efforts to regulate e-commerce-related activities are still at the stage of Sraft Bill before the National Assembly.
It is important to know that even where this bill is passed into law, Nigeria can still face new legal issues in this area calling for legislative intervention.
With the rapid Internet operations on commercial transactions in Nigeria, especially in the banking and communication sector of the economy, the best thing that can be suggested is that the legal issues and problems currently facing e-commerce in the country should be addressed directly and Espeditiously, in the interest of the teeming population of Nigerian customers.
To this, the National Assembly should be pressured to pass bills concerning electronic commerce as a priority to enact them into law as quickly as possible.
At a short time, our courts should take a giant step to interpret the traditional laws that are on the ground in a liberal way to cut the gap in order to amend the laws to electronic transactions, in the emerging trend of this age of information.
Indeed, they argue that legislation is not the only means for electronic transactions and attendant documentation to be legal.
The court can also adapt to recognizing electronic transactions in the absence of legislation or a private contract.
According to former Justice Bungham: The common law belongs to judges the same facility [as law merchant] to adapt to the needs of the general public, principles are not changed, but old rules are being applied, and new rules will begin to exist.
We hope that the government will adopt this activism by Nigerian judges in the judiciary and the Supreme Court judges are also involved, expexially in areas where our existing legislation is grossly inadequate, comprehensive or elaborate enough to address legal challenges in new technological advancements.
This will set a better precedent to ensure that e-commerce consumers are protected, bring investors and bring economic development and stability to the country.
The whole issue of contracts in e-commerce is documentation and signature.
The provision in section 4 of the statute of Fraud, 1677 or Lagos State Law Reform (Contact) Law and our various statute on real property and landed instrument, all of which require that certain contracts are written and executed duly.
The question now is whether electronic sign-off constitutes a valid sign-off contract by email or by binding?
Many of these issues are still not settled even in the UK although some decisions favour toward interpreting electronic signature.
So marks in an email that satisfies the traditional requirement of writing and due execution.
E-commerce transactions are transactions that do not involve papers made through Magnetic materials such as tapes or disc.
This is contrary to the transaction being done by paper embodied in permanent form and typically expressed in words and figures using signature authenticate.
Such transactions cannot be amended without changing the face of the document.
As it concerns signature, the provision in section 93 (2)(3), evidence Act 2011, electronic signature related to data messages will conveniently satisfy any requirement for a hand signed signature as it is sufficient to identify an electronic record to the person.
The provision in Article 7 of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) model law for e-commerce 1996 is equally trite on this issue.
Thus, for the purpose of establishing proof of electronic signatures.
Using a code, identifying, user names etc can be enough.
Therefore, one can safely say that electronic signature for execution is admissible for evidence provided that is certificated and incorporated in electronic communication during any e-transaction.
Also, other legal challenges affecting e-commerce include the formation of contracts.
The elements for better forming of contracts include offer, acceptance, consideration, intention to enter into legal relations.
The question is, at which point can they make offer with regard to electronic business transactions or now to differentiate between invitation to treat and offer electronic transactions, at which point can we say they make intentions to enter legal relations?
E-commerce requires confidence and trust the satisfaction that transmits orders or invoices does not have any issue and it comes from whoever it appears to come from.
There is a need for guarantees concerning the level of privacy/confidenciality in information matters.
Lastly, the alarming rate of cybercrime in Nigeria, plus high level of illiterate.
There is no doubt that electronic transactions are an aspect of commercial transactions in Nigeria and it has come to remain at this time.
The government should pass legislation, activate using the electronic platform for commercial interaction and delivery of government services.
You can reach Abanikanda Happiness Wuraola via twitter.
Chad passes new charters as Deby son president
Chad passes charter declaring Mahamat Idris Deby President despite rumors on social media that he has died
Mahamat has taken over to replace his father, the murdered Idriss deby this week.
The charter said the 37-year-old, son of a late war veteran, was quickly named a transitional leader on Tuesday as head of a military council after his father's death, serving as president in the republic and head of the armed forces.
The charter reverses the preceding constitution and will be implemented as the basic law of the republic, according to the temrs in it.
The young Deby has also been named the supreme head of armed forces, he said.
Deby son oversees the security of his father as head of the elite presidential guard and often appears along with his father.
Mahamat Deby is a well-known top commander of the forces in Chad to help the United Nations peacekeeping mission in the restive north of neighbouring Mali.
He signed a decree on Tuesday as he set out a military council of 15 generals, including himself and 14 others known to be loyal to the late president.
The task given to the council is to move into free and democratic elections with 18 months.
Mahamat Idris Deby is chairman of the military transition council, the council of ministers, the council of superior committees of national defence, according to the charter.
The new head of state will declare a legislation adopted by the 69 members of the national transition council, directly named by Mahamat.
The Transition Charter, which contains 95 articles, also guarantees freedom of opinion, conscience and worship.
A transition government has been set up, where the new president will name the members.
The charter stipulates that all members of the army called to the transitional government have been released from all military operations.
Law in Chad
The killed leader, who was strongly ruled for over 30 years, gave his wounds when he visited the battlefield where a Chad soldier was fighting a rebel group in the north, as the military announced on Tuesday.
Calling for calm, the army also announced a curfew at 6pm and closed the border in the country, suspending the constitution and dissolving the National Assembly.
However, an opposition politician in Chad has rejected the army appointment of President Idris deby's son to take over after his father died.
Experts say under the law in Chad, the speaker of parliament should have collected power after Deby died, not his son.
What the constitution says is that if the president is either dead, then the speaker of the parliament will take charge of the country for 40 days in order to put a transition in place until elections are held, Al Jazeera's Hiba Morgan reports from the capital, Ndjamena said on Tuesday.
But the military announced that the legislative assembly was dissolved and the constitution was dissolved, thus replacing the constitution with a set of rules.
Chelsea points can be left after the brawl with Leicester
Chelsea face deduction of points from FA in the team as they failed to control players, Mirror reports.
Within seven years, they have caught the team showing a hot temper to the opponents seven times.
The recent brawl in a match on Tuesday night Leicester marked the seven encounter Chelsea had with Premier League teams.
It was Katakata that marked the match that took place last week between Chelsea and Leicester among players of both teams.
With the same offence in the past, the FA decided to punish Chelsea.
Leicester are also facing charges for role in the brawl involving players and coaches as Ricardo Pereira challenged Ben Chilwell.
In 2016, Chelsea were also charged with indiscipline warning them, after they appealed against a $375,000 fine for the part of a burst-up during a match against Tottenham.
If it affects them, the points they go out will also affect the season as they enter the final campaign to take a spot in the top four.
US Africom in Nigeria? Heck No!
Overpaid, oversexed and over here.
That is the resentful and contemptuous opinion many British people have for the thousands of American GIs staying in several military bases in Britain during the Second World War.
The Gum-chewing, brash, hard-drinking and womanising soldiers who came from America comedially become into a dangerous pub fight and knife fight that is causing bad feeling in the yanks among the locals.
And this is the pattern that American soldiers behave everywhere in the hundreds of American military base overseas from Okinawa in Japan, Stuttgart in Germany, Incirlik and Diyarbakir in Turkey and Pampanga in the Philippines.
That is why I was upset, like many Nigerians, that at a virtual meeting last week with the Secretary of State of the United States of America, Antony Blinken, was that President Buhari asked the United States to consider how to relocate the African Command (Africom) of his military in Stuttgart in the southern German city of presently Africa.
We are saying that with this call, President Buhari is making a way in Nigeria to host Africom.
First, it was a breach of protocols for President Buhari to do that meeting with the American Secretary of State.
The meeting should be held with Blinken's Nigerian opposition number, Geoffrey Onyeama, who took the details to the president later.
Yes, America is a superpower and all, but protocols are protocols and should be followed strictly in all circumstances.
We understand that Nigeria is facing a huge internal security problem that seems to be beyond the best efforts made by governments and security establishments within the nation to tackle it.
The untold terrorist insurgency in the North East banditry, kidnapping in the North West, farmers/herders clashes across the country and the targeting and killing of security and law enforcement personnel and other Nigerians as well as the destruction of institutional buildings in the South East, they have joined as the cause of insecurity that has destroyed the country.
But even at that, the call to host Africom over Nigeria is a silence when we consider it against various issues and implications of this move to Nigeria is difficult to justify.
Africom is one of nine such commands established by the American military to serve American strategic interests around the world.
By controlling and operating, these commands, those outside America like Africom, were not set up primarily to concern their with security and law enforcement issues in areas of coverage.
They do so only when such issues affect the interests of America directly in the area and in such circumstances, they are not mandated to yield them modus operandi and share intelligence with the local security and law enforcement agancy.
If set up Africom in Nigeria for instance, it will be an island on its own that will restrict access to Nigerians of all categories and establish a jurisdiction with the teritorial area of the base that will virtually off limit to Nigerian security and law enforcement agancy.
As it always happens with an American military base outside the United States, Africom will be a forward operating base for disruptive intelligence operations and it will be a source of act of sabotage and destabilisation against host countries.
In this particular case of Africom, part of its original concept is to control as the strategic influence of Nigeria grows in West Africa and Africa as we have successful peace enforcement efforts in Liberia and Sierra Leone and our best record of peace keeping around the world.
The one ahead of Africom is the Africa Crisis Response Initiative (ACRI) set up by the Clinton administration to counter the strategic interests of Nigeria in Africa.
The Secretary of State for President Clinton, the dour-faced California attorney, Warren Christopher, visited a number of African countries secretly to sell the idea.
But as Nigeria is the target, he pointedly pulled it out of his routeary.
Senegal, not far from Liberia and Sierra Leone, should be the coordinating base of the ACRI and although seen as an initiative to facilitate American assistance to African humanitarian issues, its secret protocols were mistaken in military and strategically targeted Nigeria.
Due mainly to undisguised hostility to the idea from France, which was averse to seeing the Americans trying to butt into a area it considers its exclusive sphere of influence, the concept of the ACRI was reviewed.
In the review, which attracted the expertise of American Military, Intelligence, political and academic personalities and institutions led by the American Congress in secret sessions, the Americans considered and realised the need to set up one African command to add to the other already existing and covering continents in the world.
Thus, following the recommendation of gathered experts, which formed all angles of political and security establishments in America, the Bush Junior administration set up Africom with a wider mandate to contain Nigeria but also to keep an eye on the strategic penetration of Chinese people in Africa.
As the US Central Command (USCENTCOM) takes place in Middle East and Asia, Africom takes place in Africa, as it takes place in Florida, European Command (EUCOM), as it takes place in Stuttgart, Germany, is to Europe and Southern Command (SOUTHCOM), also takes place in Florida, is to Latin America and the Caribbean.
The presence of the French military has already surrounded Nigeria as it is in Niger, Cameroon, Chad and Benin.
The Americans also have a drone base in Niger.
Adding Africom to the mix in Nigeria will amount to a complete capitulation of our strategic interests to both France and America.
With it in mind that our strategic interests and profile in Africa are not always followed with the same in France and America, hosting Africom in Nigeria will be the same thing as allowing wolf to enter chicken cage.
There is nothing in the insecurity cahllenge facing the country our armed forces cannot cope with.
This comes after the military forces that eventually secured Liberia and Seirra Leone against the army of well-entrenched and organised insurgents in the country from a long logistical supply line thousands of miles; the army of Joshua Dogonyaro, Victor Malu and Maxwell Khobe, to mention a few of the many gallant Nigerian soldiers who distinguished themselves in the operation.
It is regretable that the Nigerian military, which has fallen from its highest standard, is now struggling to cope with the activities of non-state actors internally.
But intrinsically and essentially, the Nigerian military still carries the capacity and capacity to defeat this threat to our national security if they have the right leadership, doctrine and motivation.
We need all the assistance and cooperation that the Americans can give us if they want to give us.
But as they held us in hand to host Africom with our circumstances in view of its antecedent and implication to our strategic interests, in our soil.
In the face of challenges, Plateau targeted 7m metric tons of Irish potato.
In Nigeria, Plateau State is the number one planting Iranian potato as it is produced in nine of the 17 local government areas of the state.
The Potato Value Chain Support Project of the African Development Bank (AfDB) Initiative has come to Plateau as a state with 90 per cent of the potato production in the country as countries such as Chad, Ghana, Niger, Benin and others have a large supply of potato from Nigeria.
The large-scale pot production in Plateau State, according to PotatoPRO.com, a leading source of information in the global potato industry, has made Nigeria the number four largest countries in sub- Sahara Africa.
However, farmers said dams that are poorly accessible and poor road networks, including the cost of fertilizer and other farming input continue to stand as a major setback for the production of potatoes in the nation and export.
Other challenges that contribute to low yield and harvest losses to the potato value chain include diseases such as blight and bacterial lets, as well as poor seedlings.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State is among the ten poorest states in Nigeria with a poverty rate of over 70%.
However, the state has a comparative advice to boost economic activities by improving the competitiveness of the potato commodity value chain.
The project Coordinator of the Potato value Chain Support Project, Thomas Muopshin, said although the visibility of the tuber crop is evident in nine local government areas in Plateau, the Na Bokkos and Mangu LGAs are the hubs of potato.
Potato is produced more than any LGA in the country.
However, Muopshin said adaptability research indicated that the remaining eight LGAs in the state could also plant potato, making all 17 LGAs in Plateau able to produce tuber, especially in dry season.
However, the Association of Potato Farmers (APF) in the state, said unless addressed the challenges facing the value chain, increased production and export of potato would continue to pass the national.
Chairman of APF in Plateau State, Lazarus Makut, in an interview with Daily Trust, said the inadequate small dam, especially in remote areas where potato plants, and bad roads as well as high cost of farm input continue to affect potato output.
He said the cost of mechanised farming that can rapidly increase production has been expensive as the majority of farmers are small scale producers who are unable to afford mechanization.
Another farmer, Martha Mamgup, who plants potatoe in Ampang town of Mangu LGA, said less water during dry season affects potato farmers and harvests at a low rate annually.
Because of this, she said, the majority of farmers are searching for locations of borehole to farm to access irrigation water for their farms.
Martha also explained that the high cost of fertilizer prevents many farmers from improving quantity and quality of yield, adding that when fertilizer is not enough, it affects the crop output.
The cost also prevents many of us from expanding the business.
Therefore, having a fertilizer is not easy for us.
She said the construction of more dams and borehole in irrigation would lead to increased production of potatoes.
If the water does not reach the crop, it will dry and it will die later and day is why some farmers with the resources prefer to dig boreholes in Mangu for irrigation because, without it, season farming will be difficult, she said.
Irish potato in a market in Jos
Production of up to 7million metric tons after completion of labs
With potato production in Plateau State which jumped from 1,656,650 metric tons in 2017 to 2,359,890 metric tons in 2020, the establishment of Potato Value Chain Support Project and the creation of a tisue culture lab is expected to bring production to triple over seven million metric tons by the end of 2021.
The officer of the Monitor and Evaluate State's Potato Value Chain Support Project in the state, Baleri Yakubu, told Daily Trust that the state is expected to commence production of six million potato annually after completing the tissue culture lab at the end of 2021, but it is optimistic that production can pass seven million metric tons annually.
However, Yakubu said the state government should tackle other challenges faced by farmers, especially the one of fertilizers as well as dam and road networks as farmers are expected to apply proper potato farming regulations to expected targets.
Our correspondent learnt that the tissue culture lab, which aims to improve potato yield in the state by providing clean seeds that resist pest and other potato-related diseases, was expected to commence full operation in a few months.
Yakubu said it is certain that the advent of the lab will improve income for farmers and revenue for the state government and also help food security in the country.
Farmers in Plateau State, however, believe that the tissue la, if fully equipped, will reduce the cost of treatment for the crop when affected by the disease.
It is also expected that quality seeds will be available at affordable prices.
FG has not returned Â£4.2m Ibori loot to Delta Accountant General
The Office of the Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF) revealed on Wednesday that the Federal Government has not returned the Â£4.2 million loot recovered from former governor James Ibori to Delta Government.
They are still waiting for the money after the issues with it are resolved before any further action is taken.
Currently, funds have not been returned to Delta State, according to a statement from the office revealed, signed by the Director of Information, Press and Public Relations, Henshaw Ogubike.
The issue of the Â£4.2million looted by Ibori has not been resolved, the statement said.
In the previous comment by the Accountant General of the National Assembly that the loot has been returned to the government of Delta, Henshaw Ogubike said: The Agf is only a general comment about funds raised as it relates to state governments.
The three Super League strongheads did not agree against UEFA coercion.
Super League three Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus insisted on Wednesday that they remain committed to modernising football despite UEFA threatening to discipline them.
UEFA opened formal disciplinary on Tuesday against the three clubs that refused to give up on the aborted Super League project.
In a joint statement, Juventus in Italy, and the two Spanish parties said they are still committed to modernising football through open dialogue with UEFA.
FC Barcelona, Juventus FC and Real Madrid FC wish to express their absolute rejection of the insistent coercion mentioned by UEFA towards the three most relevant institutions in the history of football, the statement said.
This attitude to raise alarm constitutes a breach of the decision made by the courts of Justice, which made a clear statement to warn UEFA to stop taking any action that could punish the clubs found the Super League while still on the legal matter.
Therefore, as UEFA taking disciplinary proceedings is incomprehensible and a direct attack on the rule of law that we, as citizens of the European Union, have built up with democracy, it remains a lack of respect toward the authority of the courts of justice too.
China donates up to 140 million COVID-19 vaccines
China has administered 139.97 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines as of April 4, 2021, according to the National Health Commission (NHC) of the country.
China is working to ensure vaccination efforts in major areas and key sectors based on the country's overall plan, inoculating the eligible population as wide as possible and making progress in stages, as Wu Liangyou, the deputy director of the NHCs Disease Prevention and Control Bureau.
The country has been gathering resources to ensure inoculation in large and medium-scale cities, prot-cities, high-risk infection border areas, as well as prioritising key groups including employees in the public sector, students and Faculty in college and universities, as well as service staff in major supermarkets, Wu said, adding that vaccination in other groups has also been in progress.
Currently, Beijing, Shanghai and other places in China have given the vaccine to senior citizens, who are over the age of 60 and patients with chronic diseases COVID-19 vaccines, who are in good physical condition.
He Qinghua, a NHC official noted that the commission would advance the vaccination campaign in order of importance, following the priciple of informed consent, voluntary participation and free inoculation.
The country is coordinating regular prevention and control with its vaccination efforts, to ensure that the regular responsibilities of local governments and those disregarded are fulfilled, and to advance vaccination campaigns in a more secured and orederly and forceful manner, he said.
Besides, China has taken steps to include more people in vaccination campaigns to ensure their health, the official added.
China has so far approved COVID-19 vaccines produced by five enterprises for conditional marketing or emergency use.
Phase III of three yet to be activated vaccines and one adenovirus vaccine shows that they effectively meet the requirements of the National Medical Products Administration in China and the World Health Organization.
Phase II trial of the recombinant protein subunit vaccine for emergency use has shown that the vaccine is safe and could cause strong immune response.
All the COVID-19 vaccines adopted by China have gone through clinical studies that follow relevant standards, approved by national drug regulatory organisations and used after a strict examination, said Li Bin, the deputy head of NHC.
All vaccines should be monitored and temperatures recorded from time to time to ensure that they meet the requirements in temperatures environment and transportation.
Li added that health regulators in China have also enhanced efforts in the training of health workers, requiring compliance with operating instructions in order to guarantee the efficacy and safety of the vaccine.
Wema Bank plays essays for children
Wema Bank Plc hosts a creative essay competition to test the creative writing ability of young children aged five to 12 years.
The 2021 Royal Kiddies Essay Competition, titled Write and Win, aims to develop writing skills, promote creativity, imagination capacity, reward creativity and drive excellence in their learning processes.
Ten children will emerge in a transparent, credible and thorough screening process.
The top three essays include Huawei tablets and Royal Kiddies branded T-shirts.
The remaining seven who entered the final will receive a prepaid gift card of N20,000 each for school supplies and a branded T-shirt.
The essays competition will be open to children opened by their parents, including funding of the Royal Kiddies Account or wards, and entries will be closed on May 24, 2021.
From Hushpuppi to Abidemi Rufai Sandy TangÃ¢
Twelve months ago, Ramoni Abass was arrested (37 years) known as a hushpuppi in June 2020 in Dubai allegedly for doing money laundering from business email compromise fraud and other scams targeting firms and a English premier league club.
The total revenue he made was $435 million after indom defraud 1,926,400 victims.
A year later, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) also arrested Abidemi Rufai (called Sandy TangÃ¢), Senior Special Assistant on Special Duties to Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun at John F Kennedy Airport, concerning criminal complaints about scaming the Washington State Employment Security Department of $350,000 (N144,375,000).
The money stolen was a relief fund for the pandemic designed by Washington State for those who may have lost their jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The fraud occurred during the lockdown and the investigation bureau began to track the alleged fraudster who would be making the law at the Nigerian Federal House of Representatives if he did not lose the Ijebu North/Ijebu East/Ogun Waterside Federal Constituency election to Adekoya Adesegun of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP).
The fraud was carried out by stealing identity of more than 100 Washington residents as they filled false claims with the Employment Security Department (ESD) for pandemic-related unemployment benefits.
A new e-mail account is created for each stolen identity, to identify the claim with different individuals to escape an automatic fraud detection system.
After that, more than $288,000 had been paid for his bank account in America between March and August 2020.
Cybercrime is a global threat to people, organisations and countries.
Nigeria loses more than $128 billion to cybercrimes annually.
By the end of 2021, the world will have lost a total of $6 trillion.
To date, there are over 40 Nigerians in or under investigation by the FBI for complicity in fraudulent scams.
The allege unemployemnt benefit fraud by Rufai will be under what I have called COVID-19 fraud in Nigeria.
This is a scam using loopholes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic to scam people, government organisations.
During the COVID-19 lockdown in Nigeria, cybercriminals are doing frauds along the interventions from government and private sectors and scammes and some of the programmes are still in existence till today.
There are Domino Pizza fraud, federal government cash palliative fraud, N20, 000 Dangote relief fund fraud and promote sales fraud among others.
When some are facing cyber-criminality outside Nigeria, some younger are facing it in Nigeria.
They are being arrested, tried and convicted by the Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC).
Understanding the culture of cyber-criminality can help serious governments fight the crime.
The family is the small world in the larger society.
It is the place where normal human beign is needed in society.
Apart from the fact that many families in Nigeria are in dungeons of poverty and it is hard to take care of their children, some of the children have become breadwinners, as it is, not legitimate.
Ethical behaviour training in many homes is a challenge as parents and children have been arrested for cyber-criminality.
In some other places, yahoo boys mothers form an association to celebrate their childrenâ€™s success and justify the crime they committed.
In the religious seting, pastors, alfa and traditionalists make homes and benefit from yahoo-boyism.
Moral teaching comes for materialistic Pentecostalism to enter.
There is a viral video where some boys spray money while shepherds in white garment church enjoy the captive the moment, as members led by the female youth wing of the church record the act of shame.
A child born in 1999 when Nigeria returned to democracy is now 21 years old.
Sadly, they are growing to appreciate lies as a way of life from politicians mouthed (and in many cases from home) deciding people to vote for them and not fulfilling the promises they made for compensation.
Lying is also the foundation of the sociology of hushpuppism.
Youth is socialising daily in terms of corruption by people in public office.
They see how the system provides farudulent people with soft landing (in public or private).
They are asking how many fraud and corruption allegations have been investigated and discharged with punishment when the accusation is guilty?
The many cases ended off-the-mic as the Nigeria Delta Development Commission (NDDC) case ended as a family affair.
The youths are seen as celebrating a flamboyant lifestyle in dirty.
It is seen how poor political aspirants are becoming millionaries with months of office.
They are seeing how traditional institutions have become cash and carried when given chieftancy titles.
Tertiary educational institutions, with a few exceptions, are awarding undeserving honours in exchange for money.
All those who mismanage money have soft landing.
To add to this list of cultures that nuture cybercrime is the lyrical glamour given by some Nigerian musicians to cybercrime as they present cybercrime as a work and game everybody does and is not a crime.
If we elect a fraudist into a legislator, will he make a law against the crime he involves?
The process by which party leaders are giving party nomination to the high- biders needs a review if we want to stop importing problematic speeches into our already lost political system.
It is unfortunate that the critical reasoning of party leaders goes low when they are shown money.
They provide a platform for dubious character to cover up and the society is worsening with action.
Greed also causes cyber-criminality.
The FBI agent incestering Rufai, Donald Voiret, said greed was a powerful motivator.
Unfortunately, the greed alleged to this defendant affects all taxpayers.
To move forward, we cannot live in sin, expecting grace to abound.
Nigeria should sanitise anti-corruption systems and put accoutability policies in place to track life with material accumulation.
We must give youths in Nigeria hope by creating employment opportunities, reducing poverty and reviewing reward systems.
The EFCC needs to invest in technology and expose detectives to modern cybercrime investigation procedures.
The commission needs to finish investigation before the suspects are arrested as the FBI did before the husbands and Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang were arrested.
Unless they tackle the sustainable culture of cybercrimes in Nigeria with social engineering, cyber-criminality will continue to spread.
Dr Tade, a sociologist, wrote this piece on dotad 2003@yahoo.com.
DRC president Tshisekedi to chair of African Union
President of the Democratic Republic of Congo Felix Tshisekedi took over chair of the African Union on Saturday.
He entered office on the first day in the 34th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government in Addis Ababa.
He is coming after President of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa as the rotating chair of the organization.
The Au will aim to address the negative impact of COVID-19 on the continent.
The union
Official theme for 2021 are Arts, Culture, and Heritage: Levers for Building the Africa We want.
Despite the absence of countrys and continents-wide control measures, the impact of COVID-19 has brought a lot of human, financial and socio-economic costs to African people, Tshisekedi said.
The crisis, however, has given us the opportunity to re-examine our socio-economic priorities and work towards sustainable and inclusive economic growth that will allow women and girls to contribute to our society in the fullest.
We must rely more on ourselves and find collective solutions to our problems.
Tshisekedi said the DRC during its time as head of the union was seeking to elevate African voices.
It will also focus on sustainable development by and for Africa.
We will work to ensure integration of wellbeing, peace and security, health care and strong response to COVID-19, as well as food security.
Agricultural transformation, education, gender equality, climate justice, for people and good movement, and freedom of speech and religion plus enhancing our common heritage: languages, and memorial sites of the history of people in Africa, which will be at the centre of our agenda, the president added.
New problems in Lagos PDP concerning LG polls
A fresh problem has been gathered in Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) concerning the release of guidelines for the conduct of the upcoming local government elections released by the Chairman of the state, Engr Deji Doherty.
Engr Doherty, who had been battle with several of his colleagues in the State Working Committee (SWC), which led to his suspension recently, released the guidelines on Friday.
It may be recalled that the State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) has released the timetable for the elections to hold on Saturday, July 24, 2021.
In the lingering internal strife of the State PDP, the Chairman released the guidelines, which, as we heard, was not good in the eyes of most of the executive members who said they were not taken long.
A member of the state executive said the chairman planned the timetable unilaterally and did not involve other executive members.
We later heard that the other faction of the party opposition Doherty could counter the embattled Chairman this over the guidelines.
The executive member who spoke under anonymous condition said the position of the angry member would come to public this week, insisting that key members of the executive are sideline.
How it feels to be born in a pandemic by Dil Afrose Jahan.
When news of death is everywhere, a new life brings hapines and hope.
On January 1, 2020, a new morning, two red lines changed my life.
I am beautiful and happy.
It was the beginning of a new year.
It was the most remarkable year of my life.
All of a sudden, every change.
My daughter Roshomon Tara was born at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Bangladesh; she is now nine months old. I born my son Roshomon Tara at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Bangladesh; she is now nine months old.
That is why I become a mother in the middle of a global crisis.
Not only was she born, but I was also new, mama tara, who spent the whole pregnancy in lockdown at home and born the baby in emergency conditions in the emergency.
Tara has seen the world with mask and isolation.
Her grandmother was also afraid to touch her or come near her if they did not wear a mask.
If there is no pandemic, my journey to motherhood will be different.
This Mother Day was very special as my children were in front of me, looking at me smiling.
On the last mother day, she grows in me.
The only thing that has not changed, meanwhile, is the pandemic.
There were 16 weeks in me when the pandemic happened, and the world entered a lockdown.
I am struggling to survive the pandemic with my hormonal and physical changes.
The 22 weeks are like war.
My husband, Sina Hasan is a musician, and all his concerts were cancelled at that time.
I am a freelance journalist since January 1, 2021.
So we depend on what I have already saved and spend all my savings.
Our parents and two journalists associations come forward to help at the time.
I was afraid everywhere.
Most of the time, he seems to have died.
They knocked at our door.
I am adapting to a new life that we click online and deliver our things or home-delivery.
I have to wait for a week to deliver groceries like a day.
I was even afraid to send the only family member living with me, my husband out to buy food storage.
So, I was not eating too much.
Besides, I couldn't go to myantenatal check-up because I was given time.
And I am not sure if my children are growing well or if development takes place timely.
I am sorry for my unborn son for bringing him to a different world than ever before.
Tele-medication helped me to pass some difficult times in the last three months.
I have forgotten the face of my gynaecologist.
I couldn't imagine she would take a look if she didn't wear PPE.
I need to be informed about risks, precautions, and how to get emergency medical aid.
A lot of information is flowing around.
Within this informate problem, experienced mothers and my mother-in-law can only support me not only because they meet me for someone when I am pleasant.
Traditionally, experienced mothers and mostly older women in the family will help new mothers with experience and observation.
I have had a lot of panic attacks because I have no information and understanding.
So I am your experience of the mothers who gave birth during this time.
I see social media as a lifeline.
I read a lot of exciting experiences on social media when I was following a group of over 100,000 beautiful and breast feeding women who supported each other to survive the pandemic.
Different media groups on the platform have helped over 100,000 beautiful women and breast feeding children in sharing experiences and information during the lockdown.
It was one of the groups that helped me to find heakth care fcility to do emmergency Ultrasound after heavy bleeding fires in the lockdown.
Another group is helping to stop anxiety and the depression following childbirth.
I was angry that I couldn't meet my parents, relatives, or friends to share the joy of welcoming a new member in the family.
My daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago. My son was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago.
And she met another child one on one when she entered four months old on December 31, 2020, when Tara and her father went to the rooftop with me to see the fireworks.
Another Finally with two babies, who were my first neighbour to meet, went there and spoke well in 2020.
Every day is, and it is still a gift, to consider the recent statistics of increased Covid-19 cases.
When news about death is full everywhere, the new life brings happiness and hope.
For their mothers, it is not different from winning war with children born in the pandemic and caring for the new children alone, to confirm the highest safety for their children.
So socially, emotional, and physically, this time can challenge a person.
Thanks to the light shining in the eyes of the babies.
Thank you my son, my daughter, for being a mother and a successful fighter who survived this pandemic.
Dil Afrose Jahan collects National Geographic Society's Emergency Fund for Journalists
This work was supported by the National Geographic Society.
The national question, insecurity and the declaration in Asaba.
By Segun Tomori
Recently, governors in southern Nigeria met in Asaba and they made some resolution on the state of the nation, which has been called Asaba declaration.
The meeting comes on the issue as insecurity in the country is worsening, agitation by some ethnic jingoists and the issue murderous herdsmen threats generate nationwide attention.
Indeed, the bi-partisan nature of the meeting as well as the unanimity displayed by the 17 governors showed they meant to be serious.
Restructuring in the context of true federalism and the ban of open grazing formed the whole of the declaration.
Major light follows bringing state police, devolution of power, to review revenue formula to favour federating unit as well as the need for a national dialogue to discuss the nation's question.
condemning the way governors are dragging legs on financial autonomy in state legislature and judiciary and in spite of the spirit of true federalism called for, planting within them resolution is a tenet for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) recommended by the Gov. El=Rufai-led committee on true federalism.
One would expect that the leading light in APC would take advantage of the bipartisan nature of the Asaba declaration, and the support of the major opposition party to commence the process to address the issue.
Instead, we saw an attempt to take to the gallery and in some quarters, subsequent censorship of the governors.
The El-Rufai committee has recommended devolution of power, resource control, state police, local government autonomy and review in revenue frula in favour of federal units among them.
President Buhari has since supported local government, state legislature and judiciary autonomy, backing amendments in the statutes and issuing Executive Order 010.
As the state of the nation, which has become a major challenge for security and economy, these two sectors should have the untimate attention together.
Despite assessing Nigeria as the highest GDP country in Africa, we have not made enough efforts to translate it to improve the standard of living or the majority of our people.
For instance now, our annual budget of about $35 billion is very inadequate to address the needs of 220 million Nigerians.
South Africa, which has about 58 million people, has a national budget of $75bn in 2019 and its Social Protection Programme of up to 17m of its population.
The efforts made by the Buhari administration, though new and commendable, had just dropped into the ocean and were not adequate to make the required impact.
This is where a devolution of power and resource control will enter.
solid minerals and natural resources do not have any business to stay more than a day in the Exclusive list.
Almost all states in the country have natural resources to sell markets that can be explored to avoid creating wealth and generating the foreign exchange the country needs.
The present system where states go to Abuja to collective federal allocation within the country breed indolence, not in line with the principle of true federalism.
Just as the El-Rufai committee proposed, the revenue formula should be reviewed to favour states since more responsibilities are added to them.
On state police, it is undesrating that they are afraid that governors will abuse it, but as Richie Nort London said, To escape fear, you must go through it, not around it.
For too long, we have gone round fear of abuse of state police, we have turned a blind eye to the centralised Nigeria Police Force that has been overstretched and that has become inefficient and a big problem.
According to Vice President Osinbajo a few years ago, the State Police is an idea that has come from his time.
We must address our fears and overcome it.
One of the ways is to enact a legal instrument to establish the State Police Regulatory Commission (SPRC), along with constitutional amendments that will allow state police.
It will have a similar function with the Federal Police Service Commission (PSC) but will have wider powers to take exercise appointives as well as regulatory functions.
The ban on open grazing, which was restated by the governors, is part of the fulcrum of the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) approved by the National Executive Council (NEC).
The International Crisis Group (ICG) has put the NLTP as the most comprehensive effort Nigeria has made to date to overhaul the inefficient and grossly underperforming livestock system.
In the core is a strategy to curb migratory or open grazing and thus reduce the risk of conflict between herders and farmers, therefore, beggars the belief that some myopic, also-acclaimed ethnic champions choose to Lampoon the ban on pre-historic, nomadic open grazing.
Let the federal and stable governments move very fast to fully implement this new plan so that we can put this ongoing farmers-herders clash from time to time behind us.
The call of the National Dialogue, which is a major demand for the Asaba declaration may not be necessary since there are reports from the 2014 National Conference as well as recommendations of the Gov. El-Rufai-led APC committee on True Federalism.
The two reports are a far reaching recommendation that can be agreed on by elected governors and legislators in the national assembly, instead of wasteing resources not on another jamboree.
On the issue of separatist agitations, they should bring Capitalities to conduct a referendum as it is in the constitution.
It is almost certain that a majority of Nigerians want to live together, not minding our differences.
To do this will take the sail to the wind of divisive elementnetes, who are fan of the fire of hatred and discord.
The Southern Governor has affirmed commitment to a United Nigeria on the basis of justice, fairness and equity, so every patriotic Nigerian must.
Though we have challenges like any other country, we must listen to ourselves as US President Joe Bidden often says.
Tomori lives in Abuja
Two officers have died as IPOB terrorists set fire on police station
Not less than 24 hours after the newly appointed police commissioner in Anambra, Christopher Adetokumbo Owolabi, resumed, his gangs attacked Obosi Police Station in Idemili North local government area of the state and killed two officers.
The terrorists attacked the police station late on Wednesday, and all detainees were released before the station was set on fire.
A spokesman at the police station affected by the incident said a number of terrorists entered and attacked the police station around 11pm.
He identified the officer who died as Inspector James and Awalu.
The sources said the victims were killed in a non-functional filling station near the police station.
The source also said when other police officers on duty noticed an unusual movement of the unknown gunmen, they ran and the attackers had time to burn the police station down.
Meanwhile, the police in Anambra have confirmed the killing of two of them men.
DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, the Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the command, who confirmed the attack, said the state commissioner of police had dispatched a tactical team to assess the incident on the spot.
The tactical team led by the Assistant Commissioner of Police the tactical team has instructions to look into the spot assessment of the place.
The team was also told to have tried to identify and catch the terrorists who committed the attack,he said.
Ikenga, who added that the two police bodies were already in the nearby morgue, said investigation on the matter had begun.
NEPC, Commonwealth collaborate on production of professional service export data
The Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC) and the Commonwealth Secretariat London are working together to produce reliable data on export for professional services in Nigeria.
Speaking at the inaugural meeting of the National Consultative Committee for the International Trade-in-Services (NCCITS) held under the Commonwealth Secretariat London, the Executive Director/Chief Executive Officer of the NEPC, Mr. Olusegun Awolowo, said Nigeria has no readily accessible and reliable data on Trade-in-Services.
Awolowo said they had earlier tried to create awareness on the trade-in service sector of the economy, including the creation of a National Strategy for Export of Professional Services in 2010.
He said the Commonwealth had helped Nigeria develop a road-map for the sector in 2016.
The NEPC boss said the current focus in collaboration with the Commonwealth Secretariat was on data/statistics collection and management.
He said this is critical to our export efforts as it fills the gap in collecting or capturing data from relevant institutions in order to generate, analysis and use statistical information on trade-in services as it takes globally.
NITDA, a company to launch a tech Startup fund in July
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) and a United States mass Challenge firm have signed a financial support agreement between 10 and 15 start-ups from July, to reach full potential with 12 months.
Director General of NITDA, Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi said this on Tuesday during a virtual media stakeholder engagement with officials of MassChallenge.
Abdullahi said the initiative was designed to identify and accelerate top start-ups based in Nigeria and grow business to serve the Nigerian and the global market.
The DG of NITDA who said the initiative would be launched in July added that it would improve technology innovation and entrepreneurship in the country.
Start up a vibrant ecosystem is critical to the future of our country and it is vital to find solutions to our various challenges.
Innovation is a prominent way of creating properties for all and lifting countries out of poverty.
The CEO of MassChallenge, Siobhan Dullea, said the firm supported over 2,900 start-up worldwide and that the firms had generated $3.6 billion revenue and created 86,000 jobs.
Kidnappers carry two women in Abuja council
Kidnappers have taken two women, Christiana Isa Attah and favor David, behind Anguwar Kpokpolobi community in Naharati, Abaji Area Council, FCT.
A retired school teacher, Mrs. Ruth Attah, who was born by the two victims, told our reporter at her home that the incident happened around midnight on Saturday.
She said she was sleeping and the children were in the room when the kidnappers entered the house after they jumped a fence not too high.
She said a window was broken to enter the room where her children were sleeping and was taken out with gun in hand.
When the girls noticed they were trying to break the window, they ran to my room to hide, but the kidnappers followed them to my room, and they took all of us out, she said.
According to her, the kidnappers left her after a few metres were passed home when they noticed she could not go because of her age.
After we crossed the river, where I could not go again, the other gang member told me to go back home with my two children, she added.
A resident, who wanted to be anonymous, said the kidnappers carried out the operation for more than an hour as they were shooting up to scare people from them.
No security man came here when the kidnappers were being shot in the air for more than an hour,he said.
Daily Trust learnt that until that very long day, the woman and her children were always sleeping in their neighbors' homes and returning home because they were afraid of kidnappers as they were just a few meters away from the river.
We also gathered that of the daughter of the woman, who is a class teacher in the area, they are preparing for a wedding next month.
The spokesman of the police command in FCT, ASP Maryam Yusuf, refused to pick a call or reply to a text message sent to her phone to confirm the latest kidnapping incident in the area.
Why I ran for gov in Anambra Anglican Priest
One Anglican Priest, Rev Godwin Okonkwo, has said he is raceing for the November governorship election in Anambra State because he wants to bring the fear of God and knowledge of prudent use of resources to show on governance matters in the state.
Okonkwo, who spoke with Daily Trust on Wednesday shortly after he spoke with his supporters in Awka, the Anambra state capital, said the state was behind in terms of good governance.
The current people have not started managing the resources of Anambra State for the good of the Anambra people.
I believe we can do better than manage the resources of the state.
It is time to move from a lukewarm attitude of leadership to a better leadership.
I am at Apc to change the poor outing the party has in the state in the past years, he said.
Barty beat Kvitova to take last four matches with Badosa
Ashleigh Barty will take on Paula Badosa in the semifinal of Madrid Open after beating Petra Kvitova 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 on Wednesday.
World No 1 Barty is chasing her fourth singles title the year after winning in Stuttgart 10 days ago.
In the last four she will face the woman who beat her out of the quarterfinal in Charleston in early April.
On Wednesday, the Australian came out as the top against Wimbledon two times plus 2015, 2018 Madrid Open winner Kvitova.
Wild card Badosa became the first Spanish woman in the tournament for 12 years to make the semi with her 6-4, 7-5 win over eighth seed Belinda Bencic.
22 mummies of Pharaoh parade in Egypt
Twenty-two mummies of pharaoh were taken to the streets of Cairo on Saturday evening at a stunning royal procession from Egyptian Museum on Tahrir Square to the new National Museum of Egyptian Civilization (NMEC) in Fustat.
It was the event mark as NMEC was officially launched.
Against the backdrop of fireworks, the mummies â€œ18 kings and four queensâ€ travelled in order of age on purpose-built gold-colored pharaonic chariots, equipped with an air ride suspension system to absorb vibrations, and bearing the names of their occupants in Arabic, English, and hieroglyphics.
Seqenenre Mao II, who ruled Upper Egypt around 1,600 BCE, led the parade, as Ramses ix, who ruled the 12th century BCE brought up the rear.
Following the strict international standards for the transport of artifacts, the royal remains were placed in state-of-the-art sterile display cases to guarantee immaculate preservation.
It was 60 motorcycles, 150 horses, and a faronic music sets followed by the renowned Egyptian maestro Nader Abbassiconduct.
The procession started with a 21-gun salute, circled the obelisk at the closed Tahrir Square, and then proceeded along the Nile to NMEC, where Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El-Sisi personally welcomed the mummies to their new permanent home in Fustat, the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization.
The last 40-minute parade caught participation of 12 celebs in Egypt, broadcast by 200+ global TV channels.
The pricelees artifact will be spent the next two weeks at the NMECs laboratory, where they will be prepared for installation in the Royal Mummies Hall, located at the valley of the Kings.
The Royal Mummies Hall will be opened to visitors on April 18, which has been celebrated with World Heritage Day.
To promote the launch, NMEC offers 50 percent discount for entry ticket price to the Central Exhibition Hall for visitors from April 4 to 17.
In addition, representatives of local and international media have the opportunity to freely take photos and videos of the artifacts in the Central Exhibition Hall on April 4 and 5.
Overlooking Ain Al Sirafor the heart of the historical city of ustat near Babylon Fortress, NMEC is one of the largets and most important archeology museums in the world and the first to end for the entire civilization in Egypt.
Uproar in Kano prison concerning illicit drugs
Pandemonium was in Kano Central Prison in Kurmawa on Thursday evening over illicit drugs.
The uproar began when the warders in the prison were detected and seized cannabis, allegedly brought to inmate on Thursday evening.
When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) in Kano State, Musbahu Lawal Kofar Nasarawa, confirmed the matter, adding that a committee has been set up to find out how the cannabis took into the centre.
A person brought cannabis to the prison and our operatives Collected him, so they started shouting, they said.
We have already set up a committee to find out how such illicit drugs get into the house; whether they put it in the food they bring to one of the prisoners or someone conveying with some of our operatives.
The action did not have anything with jailbreak, it was just uproar, we have already reinforced orders back in the custodial centre, he added.
rumour was that the prisoners wanted to break the jail to attempt to escape as they rejected the food they were given to break quickly, over alleged bugging donations from philantropists.
The NCoS spokesman has debunked the rumour, describing them as baseless.
Daily Trust reports that the 100 years in prison in Kurmawa area, behind the Palace of Emir in the metropolis is the largest custodial centre in the state.
FG calls for global action against terrorism, drug trafficking
The federal government has urged world leaders to strengthen international cooperation as part of an effort to successfully fight terrorism and drug trafficking, including other kinds of crimes.
This is even as Nigeria expressed concern over the incidents of poor financial flow from developing economies to already developing economies around the world.
This is part of the position presented by Nigeria at the ongoing conference of the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, in Vienna.
A spokesman of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Femi Babafemi, is said to be the Chairman/Chief Executive of the agency, Brig-Gen.
Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd), who presented the position of Nigeria in items 6C and 7 at the meeting, said as a nation deepens cooperation and strengthens the processes of fighting the financing of terrorism and prevention of terrorists from benefiting from ransom payments, it is also important for them to avoid overlooking drug trafficking.
It is also necessary to pay attention to and control as illicit traffic spreads, drugs that affect the brain, which lead to violence.
Nigeria is also worried that the link between terrorism and other forms of crime such as corruption, poor flow of money, money laundering, has grown, illicit trafficking in drugs, cybercrime, trafficking in individuals and smuggling of migrants, Marwa said.
While delivering a statement from Nigeria in item 6C on Wednesday, Marwa said as nations are being renewed with the desire to improve international cooperation in addressing any crime, Nigeria urged all states, once again, to make sincere efforts, to address the causes from the roots, including poverty, economic deprivation, inequality, drug abuse, as well as other socio-economic factors.
While presenting the country's statement on item 7 on Thursday, Marwa said, Nigeria notes with great concern the incidence of illicit financial flows, which we are passing through the financial system every year, from developing and developing analysis.
To advise those who are doing this bad, including financial institutions that act as enablers, state parties should ensure that illicit financial flow, when tracked, does not remain in custody of financial institutions but should be transformed into escrow accounts, preferably in development banks pending return to countries of origin.
In this regard, we call for the implementation of the recommendations of the facti panel supporting access recorvery and the 2030 agenda for sustainable development.
Timipre Sylva, Kurfi celebrate as Chelsea win Champions League
Two prominent people in the former Governor of Bayelsa State and present Minister of State for Petroleum, Mr. Timipre Marlin Sylva and the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, Alhaji Aminu Balele Kurfi are celebrating their mood on Sunday after Chelsea football club won a second champions league title.
In all English final, former champions Chelsea shocked Man City 1-0 at the Radio.
Do Dragao in Porto to win their second trophy.
Kai Havertz, one of the expensive addition from last summer, scored the goal that decided to put a third defeat in a row on pep Guardiola's City.
Moments after the match, the former governor tweeted I supported Chelsea FC in the UCL trophy, and I did not regret.
Kurfi who watched proceedings in Abuja with Sylva said he created time to watch the match with the former Bayelsa State governor to support and celebrate with amm after the match.
I need to support him because he is an avid fan of Chelsea.
I also insist that at the end, he has a reason to celebrate.
It is not everyone who knows that His Excellency Timipre Sylva has a passion for sports, especially football.
On my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I am a father to all supporters of different clubs in my state.
I am with Chelsea from where they loaned me to Katsina United.
From United, I was loaned to Kufri Tigers, and presently, I am in every club, as Kufri talked about playing like playing.
Election in Uganda: President Museveni has an early lead, rival is said to be fraud
President Yoweri Museveni has taken early lead in Ugand's presidential elections, according to results first entry from the electoral commission on Friday morning.
This is as his main rival has said he has proof of fraud in the elections.
With 29.4 per cent of votes from Thursday's votes, Museveni has won 1,852,263 votes, or 63.9 per cent as the main opposition candidate Bobi Wine has 821,874 or 28.4 per cent, according to the commission just after 11:00 a.m. (0800 GMT).
Wine allege fraud
Wine, a singer who became a lawmaker who had praised young Ugandans for political change, told a news conference on Friday that he had a video of proof of fraud during the vote and that it would end in peace he wanted.
He had earlier tweeted that he was confident of winning despite numerous fraud and violence.
Museveni, who has led the country in East Africa with 46 million in 34 years, has not said anything at midnight.
Internet blackout
On Wednesday, the government ordered an internet block until further notice, a day after all social media and messaging applications were banned.
Wine and his supporters used Facebook to show live coverage of his campaigns and news conference after he said many media outlets refused to host him.
The election campaign was spoiled with deadly crackdown on opposition candidates and their supporters.
The bubble capital of Uganda, Kampala, is usually quiet on Friday, a public holiday after the vote on Thursday, when most shops were closed.
Soldiers patrolled with legs in rain in a suburb visited by Reuters.
Commission head, Simon Byabakama, assured the nation on live TV on Thursday evening after polls closed that results had entered the national tally centre despite the nationwide internet block.
We are not using local internet to translate results, we are using our own system, as he said, without giving details of the system.
No matter what, results will come, Byabakama added.
A new wave of pandemic has hit more in Japan prefectures.
Japan has agreed to expand the present state of emergency to cover three more prefectures, the government said on Friday.
This follows the widespread spread of coronavirus infections across the country ahead of the Tokyo Olympics in summer.
The prefectures in Hokkaido, Okayama and Hiroshima are likely to get the measure from Sunday to the end of May, as Economic Revitalisation Minister, Yasutoshi Nishimura, told newsmen.
A panel of experts supported the proposal, according to the government's Nishimura in charge of the coronavirus response.
The northern island of Hokkaido 712 new infections on Thursday as the western prefecture of Hiroshima also 219 new cases on Wednesday.
As the infection grows, Hiroshima and Okayama cancelled torch relay which was supposed to take place in nest week on public roads.
International Olympic Committee President, Thomas Bach, is expected to participate in the torch relay event in Hiroshima on May 17.
However, local organisers said Bach's trip to Japan was postponed before the games.
The postponement was as the government extended the state of emergency in Tokyo as well as three other prefectures until the end of May, adding two more regions, Aichi, Fukuoka in the measure.
The government declared the state of emergency in the four prefectures in April, requesting bars and restaurants to stop allocating and no longer offering karaoke services.
Experts have warned that more contagious variants can spread quickly, especially as the rolling of the coronavirus vaccine is very slow as it was launched in mid-February.
Only one per cent of Japan's
125 million people have been fully vaccinated.
Farmers will benefit from mechanised farm in Jigawa
The Malam Alu Agro Allied Company, a farm located on the top 100 hectares of land in Faru village, along Maiduguri Road, Birnin Kudu Local Government Area of Jigawa State, has been changing the prception in mechanised farming in Nigeria, the GM in the Mansur Dau Aliyu said.
The establishment of the farm almost five years ago, as we gathered, was a direct response to the call by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to return Nigeria to agriculture as the mainstay of the economy in the nation, beyond relying on iol as the source of revenue in the country.
Each cattle has a nomba tag attached to it in the ear.
Founder of the company, Farouk Adamu Aliyu, who was a former member of the House of Representatives key into it, the GGM added.
We are doing greenhouse farming.
We have a 10,000 square-metre fully automated soilles greenhouse, where we produce tomatoes.
We also have two 250 square-metre greenhouses where we produce other greenhouse vegetables, as well as another 500 square-metre greenhouses, which we use as nursery.
These greenhouse are all foreign-oriented, which we have installed to produce varieties of vegetables.
It is only tomatoes that are produced in the 10,000 square automated soilless greenhousedem; and we produce an average of 10 to 11 tonnes of tomatoes every week.
We have another 10,000 square-metre locally fabricated greenhouse.
We also have livestock section, where we have over 300 herds of cattle, some Camel, goat and sheep, he said.
Daily Trust learnt that the farm also has a fishery unit, with about 50,000 fish in the pond.
Similarly, a forty-ton per hour fertilizer blending plant installed in the early part of the year, as we hear, has produced up to 300 loads of NPK fertilizer under the Presidential Fertilizer Initiative.
We have imported equipment that can install 120,000 capacity in poultry system.
We hope that we will produce between 3,000-4,000 crates of eggs in a day, Mansur said.
He said the farm also has plants for diary production, which produce 2,000 litres of milk in a day, adding that it also has about 150-200 hectares of land elsewhere left for open field farming as well as cultivation of rice and other crops.
Masur said major buyers of the tomato are premium customers, notably big hotels in Abuja and Lagos, as well as some other locations.
He, however, confirmed that the main market for the product is mainly in the eastern part of the country such as Enugu, Onitsha, Owerri.
However, he admitted that apart from the small customers they have in Kano, they are not seeing tomato products in the local market for some reason.
First is the fact that the tomatoes produced in the form of their farms are special species and the second reason is the fact that Jigawa is a major area for the production of tomatoes.
You know tomato is a common product here, so your prices are lower than those in the open market.
So, in essence, people did not really look at our side, they fell apprehensive with what we have because they believe it is expensive.
And when you have a product available everywhere, you are sure that people will buy the cheapest.
The fish are feeding by one farm.
When asked about the average lifespan of tomato products, he said, If you give the tomato everything it takes, I mean that a nutrional supplement you feed it as it grows, if you give it all of these things, the tomato can last up to three weeks after harvest.
But even without it, it will last at least a week, not for refrigeration, and not for presure and excessive heat.
You can put it on a table where there is better ventilation.
It can last for an average of 10 days, but if everything is provided as required (every nutrient) it can last up to a month.
We have tested it, but then, it doesn't happen as you always wanted.
The farm is a source of employment for up to 200 people in the village where it is located.
He also said the company has some people to train the youths in the area on information technology skills.
He further said most of the equipment used in the field came from Turkey, except the fertilizer-blending machine, which was imported from China.
He said even the farming method is the same as in Turkey, because they have a Turkish partner that helps them maintain the standard, but quickly added that the company is conscious of allowing Nigerians to run the technical aspect of its operations.
Reflecting on the effect of COVID-19 on the operation of the company, Mansur said Malam Alu, as other corporate entities in the country, suffered from the devastating effect of the virus.
In Mansur, youths in Nigeria do not have an excuse to remain unemployed with the opportunities provided by agriculture, he noted that the people who are lokking for white-collar jobs should adjust to the reality and go back to agriculture.
He believes Nigeria has been doing what it has to do long before, noting that if the country has taken this step, it would have cornered the present economic problems.
2023: Lawmaker to seek a better deal in Southern Kaduna
The member representing Jaba Constituency in the State House of Assembly in Kaduna, Samson Monday Dikko, called on better people to come together and map out strategies to save Southern Kaduna Senatorial District and the people for 2023.
Speaking after a meeting with stakeholders in Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State over the weekend, Dikko, who is aspiring to become senators in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), said those who are supposed to care for the people of Southern Kaduna have abandoned them.
It is time for the entire Southern Kaduna people to have it right.
We need to transform our region and improve security, education, health, agriculture, economy, employment and empowerment for the teeming youth and we will do so with a non-governmental organization called, he added.
The Director-General of the Campaign Organisation in Dikko, Timothy Chindo Kwassam, said the destiny of the people of Kaduna South Senatorial District would be given their own hands if Dikko represents them in the senate in 2023.
Everything under the sun has reason.
So the coming of Dikko in this critical period of time is not an ordinary coincidence, but a divine play from God to liberate the region from everything that prevents it from growing and competing with other regions, Kwassam said.
3 Africans, no Nigerians, as City, Chelsea contest UEFA Champions League final
No doubt football fans in Nigeria are waiting eagerly for the 2020/2021 UEFA Champions League finals that will take place tonight when two English clubs Manchester City and Chelsea will compete in the Estadio do Dragao, Porto in Portugal.
With the fact that the UEFA Champions League is one of the biggest football competitions just next to the FIFA World Cup and the Olympic football event, the level of expectations has increased as a giant in the English Premier League is set to fight for the prestigious diadem.
While Manchestre City have not won the Champions League title before, Chelsea won their first and only title in 2012.
Therefore, even as football pundits have typed City who just won premiership number seven to win this night, Chelsea will enter the contest with betta credentials.
They were former chsmpions.
However, as Thomas Tuchel who is leading the technical team in Chelsea has not won the Champions League, his opponent in Manchester City dugout, Pep Guardiola has won him two times.
He won him with Barcelona in 2009 and 2010.
Therefore, there is a lot to expect from the actors to come out to the field at Estadio.
Do Dragao in Porto and the men to take charge of the technical area.
Interestingly, even though both contestants have only three African players in Riyad Mahrez (Algeria, Manchester City), Hakim Ziyech (Morococo, Chelsea) and Edourad Menday (
Senegal, Chelsea) Africa interests in the final have dropped.
In Nigeria here, where Chelsea and Manchester City are enjoying a lot of followers from passionate football fans, expectations have caused fever, and it has led to interesting realignment.
Fans of the other clubs who have left other stages of the Champions League are re-aligning themselves with either Chelsea or Manchester City as interests are being diverse.
The result is that the final is one of the topics being discussed in sports at the moment and fans of the premiereship club have continued to predict the final results.
However, as almost everyone is waiting to saboteur the football artistry to be displayed, some pundits are being named African players in the final of the world's biggest football competition are decreasing.
If we follow history in the UEFA Champions League, only 24 African footballers have contested and won the trophy with European clubs.
Sadly, African football legends like Liberia's George Weah who was voted World Footballer of the Year in 1995,
Rashidi Yekini of Nigeria, Mohamed Aboutrika of Egypt, Roger Mila of Cameroon, Jay-Jay Okocha, Sunday Oliseh, Taribo West and Victor Ikpeba of Nigeria, Rigobert Song of Cameroon and Hassam Hassan of Egypt failed to win the Champions League as the ball reached.
Although Mo Salah (Egypt), Sadio Mane (Senegal), Joel Matip (Cameroon) and Naby Keita (Gu Guinea) were at the top stage when Liverpool won their 6th UEFa Champions League title in 2019, the first African to win the trophy was Bruce Grobbelaar of Zimbabwe.
He achieved the feat with Liverpool in 1984.
It was followed by Algerian legend Rabah Madjer who won him with FC Porto in 1987 and Abedi Pele (Ghana) in 1993 with Olympique Marseille, before Nigeria.
A couple of George Findi and Nwankwo Kanu lifted him with Ajax Amsterdam in 1995.
It is also recorded that Geremi Njitap of Cameroon was the first African to win the title twice in 2000 and 2002 with Spanish giants Real Madrid, Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon and won him three times with Barcelona 2006, 2009 and 2010 with Inter Milan.
Another African who won the highky coveted trophy is Ibrahim Tanko (Ghana)
Borussia Dortmund 1997, Samuel Kuffour (Ghana) Bayern Munich 2001, Benni McCarthy (South Africa) FC Porto 2004, Djimi Traore (Mali).
Liverpool 2005, Yaya Toure (Cote d'Ivoire)
Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Seydou Keita (Mali) Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Sully Muntari (Ghana)
Inter Milan 2010 and McDonald Mariga (Kenya) 2010.
John Mikel Obi (Nigeria), Michael Essien (Ghana), Salomon Kalou (Cote d'Ivoire), Didier Drogba (Cote d'Ivoire) who won him with Chelsea in 2012 and Achraf Hakimi (Morocco), with Real Madrid 2018 completing the list of Africans who have won the UEFA Champions League.
To come closer to home, the last time Nigeria won the trophy was in 2012 when Mikel Obi was among the AFricans lifting the trophy with Chelsea at the expense of Bayern Munich.
After that achievement by the former captain of the Super Eagles, Nigeria saw other talented players rise, such as Ahmed Musa, Wilfred Ndidi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Alex Iwobi, William Troost-Ekong, Leon Balogun, Ola Aina, Isaac Success, Chigozie Awaziem, Tyrone Ebuehi, Moses Simon and lately Victor Osimhen.
But none of them have qualified for the final of the biggest club competition in Europe.
The reason is not clear.
The competition was dominated by the top five clubs in Europe, Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Manchester United and Liverpool.
Unfortunately, Nigerian players have failed to enter their highly rated clubs in Europe.
It is hope of Nigerian football stakeholders that soon the new generation of players will break the barrier and begin to play for clubs with potential to win the UEFA Champions League.
If this fails, then the football fans in Nigeria will continue to live with the agony of watching finakls of the UEFA Champions League come and go, without the presence of any Nigerian player.
As Nigerians are waiting for the next Super Eagle player to rise to the top of the European club competition the way find George, Nwankwo Kanu did it with Ajax in 1995 and Mikel Obi in 2012, remained a few hours in the 2021 all English clubs final.
In the end, victory will be for the Manchester club seeking their first title or the Londeners prime in the second itle and the most watched football league in the world, Premiership will be the ultimate winner.
Eyimba forces FC IfeanyiUbah to 2-2 draw in the Oriental derby
Enyimba FC are coming from behind to secure a 2-draw deserved for their week 14 fixture rescheduled against Oriental brothers FC IfeanyiUbah at the Aba International Stadium.
The orietal derby saw Eyimba make three changes to the team that lost at Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar was returned after weeks after he was laid off while Anthony Omaka and Victor Mbaoma entered the starting line up again.
The first 28 minutes of the game were seen as both sides were trying to hit first but the visiting side dragged first blood through Saidu Adamu who poked him home from close range after Uche Oneaha was headed by Evans Ogbonda cross to meet him.
As the away side has full control of the game, they have more confidence and that leaves the host to scramble to get back into the game as the first end in 1-0 in favour of the visitors.
Restarting the second half, IfeanyiUbah continued to press for the second goal and got the reward they deserved when Saidu Adamu got his brace after having Awazie square passed the line in the 61st minute.
As the second goal sting them to life, Eyimba started throwing everything for Arsenal to get back into the game.
In the 78th minute, they were paid off as Reuben Bala reduced the deficit for Eyimba in a lucky fashion.
Sharp Uzoigwe kept out his initial header but the ball rolled back to him and overturned the line.
The goal is to give Eyimba some hope as they continue to press in plunty nomba to secure at least a point.
And they got this in the 90th minute through Imot Obot.
Following this result, Eyimba moved up to 5th position with 31 points from 17 games with two more outstanding matches.
Meanwhile, FC IfeanyiUbah remains in relegation zone with 17 points in 19 games.
Farmers are apprehensive as planting season begins with erratic rain.
As the wet season begins in most parts of the season, farmers have started palnting with fear as rain is erratic and could threaten production.
Rains were unsatble in Benue, Nasarawa, Niger, Kaduna and parts of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), with many farmers planting crops.
In the 2019/2020 wet season, erratic rain in the north and mid-season draught in the south-west caused farmers to lose money due to crop failure.
Musa Yohana and Halima Thomas, farmers in Doma and Lafia, Nasarawa State, said they have planted maize, groundnut and other crops like casava and yam but feared that they could have another horrible experience like last season when they were forced to plant maize and groundnut twice.
I lost my yam last year due to heavy heat because of the poor rainfall.
This year, we are on a second week in May but rain is yet to fall well.
And I have already planted 15 measures (about 20kg) of groundnut.
If it continues like this in another week, I can lose all the seeds, according to Mr Yohana.
Like them, many farmers around the FCT have also planted, but they are fearful of crop failure as experienced last year.
In Benue State, Benue State, our correspondent Reports that farmers have begun cultivating land and planting crops on complaining that rain did not fall.
Some farmers who had prepared the farms earlier in the tear said they could not begin planting until a week ago, while others just started cleaning land after the rainfall three times with two weeks ago.
A farmer in Otukpo, Ada hyacinth, said the ground was too strong to cultivate because the rain was not frequently falling.
Another farmer, Felix Tor, in Makurdi, said he just planted melon and maize on the farm that was just clear despite the inconsistent rain.
Tor however expressed fear that the nature of the rainfall could affect the wellbeing of the crop.
He prayed for the yield to be better at the end.
But Vitalis Tarnongu, who has been clearing its 1,000 hectares of farmland in the federal Unversity of Agriculture, in Makurdi (FUAM), said as the rain falls this year will make it begin planting maize towards the end of May.
Tarnongu said a plant breeder at the University advised him to wait until May 20 to begin planting his maize because of the nature of the rainfall since the season suggested that it is possible not to fall for two weeks.
The sate chairman of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Aondongu Saaku, described farming as a business worth taking risks on.
Saaku said farmers who see it as a business have already taken the risk of planting their crop because without such risks they will not reap at the end of the day.
Meanwhile, Dr Teryima Iorlamen, a seed system specialist at FUAm, said farmers can go ahead to plant their roots and tuber crops as it follows the prediction of rainfall by NIMET this year.
Iorlamen said the period expected for farmers to wait had passed, stressing that the prediction of NIMET on rainfall pattern in Benue State, with which experts working, indicated that rain would stabilise in the state between April 18 and April 30, 2021.
We can now assure farmers that rain has stabilized, according to NIMET predictions.
Anything that is different now will be a dry spell.
I have advised farmers to check water logging capacity in their fields so that they can plant crops as they should plant them.
Rice is like a lot of water, so it is not enough to plant it.
But farmers can now enter roots and tubers, which include yam, cassava, maize and melon.
We believe that the rain has stabilized.
Senate mourn late Army Chief, Ahmed Gulak
The Senate, on Tueday, held a minute silence to honour the demise of former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, who was brutally killed on Sunday in Owerri, Imo state capital.
This followed a motion of Deputy Senate President and Chairman of the Senate on the Senate Constitution Review Committee, Ovie Omo-Agege, on the floor of the Red Chamber.
Omo-Agege was attracting his colleagues attention to the killing of Gulak, which was hire by the lawmakers to assist his committee on the Nigerian people's amendment to the constitution.
Gulak served as a consultant to the committee and entered Owerri for public hearing on the review of the 199 constitution.
Although the programme has ended on Thursday, Gulak remained behind and left on Sunday.
He was killed on his way to Abuja on his way to the airport in Owerri.
Omo-Agege described Gulak as a Nigerian who does nothing tribal, giving him the best to the service of the country.
Also, on Tuesday, the Senate urged the federal government to immortalise the late Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru.
The red chamber was also observed a minute silence to honour Honourable Lt. Gen. Attahiru, who died in a plane crash near Kaduna International Airport.
This followed a point of order by the Chairman, Senate Committee on to Army Affairs, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIN/profile code: NANS raises voices concerning disenfranchisement of students by JAMB
The Kaduna State Chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) on Tuesday said thousands of candidates will not participate in the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) this year.
Examination on hitches for NIN/Profile code.
NANS chairman in the stste, axiz Huziafa Bello, in a statement issued yesterday in Kaduna disagrees with the JAMB.
Bello is a call for extension of the electronic registration instead of risking the lives of students to travel to the headquarters of JAMB in their states for manual registration.
He noted that the news bulletin released on Monday with the title Issues surrounding the 2021 UTME registration: Option available for genuine candidates who made attempts but could not register, showing that the management failed to show sorry face for the hardship and agony faced by the candidates.
He appealed to prominent Nigerians to prevail over the management of JAMB to stop making things difficult for students in Nigeria as they try to get higher education and develop themselves.
He urged the examination body to extend the registration period and postpone the examination to do justice and fairness.