How to see the decomposing body of a civil defence officer in a grave that is not deep
The dead body of a woman officer who works at the Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) found for 18 months was seen in a grave not deep into Obi Local Government area of Benue State.
Until at the time he was not seen again, Josephine Cynthia Inalegwu Onche, was working at the NSCDC office in Otukpo.
Cynthia is Idoma, and Otukpo she is coming, just missing when planning her marriage.
Some of her workmen, who did not want to be named, said her family members that they couldn't see her again when her marriage remained short days.
What they said was she was going to market to buy items as she was preparing for her marriage, but she has not returned home since then.
One of the officers of the deceased said trying to find him enough, they did not see him until one other man came to show him where he was burried.
The okadaman told the family that he was killed by the boss who wanted to marry his children and used the rotual work for money.
Following the arrest of the man was led by the okadaman who led the family members and security officers, the man then led them to the dad who conducted the ritual in Obi local government, before heading into South-West state.
When the police have arrested the husband and his herbalist in Otukpo, the family members of the deceased have since moved out of the body and organised burial for him on to June 1, 2021.
A call, or answer a message sent to her on the incident, DSP Catherine Anene, who is a spokesperson of the Benue police, were not allowed to take it.
The spokesperson of the NSCDC in the state, Asc Ejelikwu Micheal, did not agree with him when it was time,he said.
But an insider said the news of the suspects had putting sadness on the security people again.
In the review of the constitution: MURIC said Shariah was in the South West before Christianity came into.
The collaborative body of Muslim Rights Concern has asked the Penticostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) to stop oppositioning Muslims and mind them business.
The Director of MURIC, Professor Ishaq Akintola, said this on Sunday.
He also quoted the PFN as warning that no group should use the review of a constitution by the Senate to bring shariah law to the south-west.
PFN and other Christian communities knew that there was a shariah in the south-west before Christianity entered in 1842.
They were practising shariah in Ede, during by the time of Oba Abeeb Olagunju (Abbeb is a Muslim name) and that
The Shariah court in Ede was still working in 1913, in Agbeni in the town.
He was taken to Agbongbon in 1914.
Shariah was used in Iwo during the time of Oba Momodu Lamuye (Muhammad Lamuye), who died in 1906.
Also, the nomba svevn Akirun of Ikirun, who was Oba Aliyu Oyewole (murdered in 1912), took shariah into Ikirun in 1910.
All these are examples of the existence of shariah and its spread in Yorubaland, and of the fact that the Christian people even knew the existence of the Christian people to stop shariah in Yorubaland, where they fulfill Christian common law, Akintola said.
He said PFN and other Christian communities were also aware that the Islamic populations are growing in the south west, with the fear that the sleeping giant has roused up to bring in their belongings to it.
He said all Christians know that shariah is the right that Allah has given the dash to Muslims.
But they have determined that they will not be allowed to use it by Muslims, saying that is the new way they will use it.
They had the mind that it was a war that we were fighting with Muslims, and that it was not much bad in war.
They use both good and bad ways of doing what they think of.
They have called on Nigerians to understand the mentality of the Christian people here.
As is it for everyone who is fast upset, they believe that attacking people is the only way they can defend themselves.
Because they got from the colonial jaguda that reached a century then, they wanted to keep all the thimgs that could be given to them by colonial employers.
They had the intention of putting Muslims into the places they were colonially chased.
The collaborators who are reviewing the constitution have called on the Nigerian people to write their demands into the constitution.
Each group should bring in the items they need.
Instead of PFN to communicate collectively what the Christians want, they think that the Christians should not ask them to speak.
He was to block Muslims in the south, but it would not work.
He said, While saying that there is religious tolerance in the south, it was a lie, and it was said to put Yoruba Muslims into slavery.
Muslims in the region are now opening eyes, advocating freedom.
We demanded that they stop while forcing us to wear a Christian school uniform, to go to a Christian school, to use a Christian law.
We want a shariah not cut people but a shariah regulating Muslim marriage, inherritance and family affairs.
It does not concern Christians at all.
We will use all the ways that do not cause a fight, which is in line with the law, to do the thing, he said.
stakeholders in Edo have said Obaseki is party leader.
While the Peoples Democratic Party in Edo State has a crisis of who controls the party, members or Edo South of the party, they have said that the state governor, Godwin Obaseki and his deputy, Philip Shaibu was good.
Edo South PDP iside a communique issued at the end of the stakeholder meeting at the weekend in Benin city, said Godwin Obaseki is the leader of the party in the state.
In a communique read by the secretary, Wilson Evbuonwam, he said that they support the harmonisation and integration of new persons into the executive committee of the party, and that the state should develop well.
Police arrest suspect who is said to be an kidnapper in Abuja
The Police Command of the FCT has arrested eight suspected kidnappers at Shenegu-Tunga Maje, Gwagwalada, Kabusa village and Durumi axis of Abuja.
The spokesman of the command, ASP Maryam Yusuf, who spoke this by a siddon in Abuja, said the suspects were Yakubu Ahmadu, Ibrahim Mallam Musa, and Bello Haruna.
She said the suspects were members of a syndicate which was also linked to the kidnapp attempt on the Vice President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA).
Gwagwalada branch, Barrister David Aigbefoh.
She said the suspect was arrested during a coordinated intelligence operation led by police personnel from the command anti-kidnapping squad on the Shenegu mountain on the border of the FCT and Niger State.
She said the suspects had given adequate information on the activities they had done in their groups.
Yusuf however said one Nwite Jideofor was arrested during the stage of his kidnap from Durumi area, while the suspects confessed that he conived with people who eventually kidnapped him to collect about 5 million from his sister as ransom.
She said some of the exhibits collected from the suspect were three dane guns, seven cutlases, one Honda Accord painted bleck, four mobile phones and other items, adding that they have been working on arresting other members of the flown group.
She said all the suspects would be brought to court when they have been able to investigate the welfare of the FCT, while warning the residents of the FCT, especially their parents and guardians, to draw ears to their children against committing crime.
Suarez strike, Atletico win La Liga title
The goal of Luiz Suarez led Athletico Mardrid to a 2-1 beat of Real Valladolid on Saturday, making the team another remarkable La Liga victory.
Suarez was crying at the beginning of the season seeking Barcelona to force him out, but as the season ended, his 21st goal of the season made Athleticoto win first league since 2014, this was a win ahead of Real Madrid.
Athletico knew if they would win the trophy, it does not matter what Madrid did for Villareal at their home.
But not because it was comfortable, as Valladolid took early lead.
Real Madrid were also behind the game, before Karim Benzema equalised in the 87th minute, and Luka Modric scored a late winner in 2-1 at Valdebebas, which hanged Athletico for a long time, while remaining small to disrupt the thing with just one goal.
When the final whistle was blown, players ran into the field, red and white shirt covering Suarez, seeking a title race that was the most tight and even unpredictable had ended.
Suarez Zone
It is just a week little.
coach Diego Simone said this is the Suarez zone.
And that was how it proven that, as the Uruguayan scored the holding title at Athletico last week, he scored on the last day again to write names for the trophy.
This is the second time in 17 years that another team apart from Barcelona or Real Madrid have won the league, while Athleti still won the other under Simeone in 2014.
Athletico started the game, saying they have been on the top table since December, and having scored two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna,
But the thhing has not been easy for Athletico this season, having 10 points lead in February, and the points were reduced to 2 in May, and positioned as nomba one on table rely on making Real Madrid and Barcelona slip.
So it is not surprising that while facing Valladolid, who was 19 in the table, they were still patched.
A lot of Athletico fans were gathered at Valladolid Plaza Mayor to sing songs, and a lot of fans were also arrived outside the stadium, where they left them to avoid problems.
The killing of Gulak has hit the people shooting.
people were shooting and mourning on Sunday as barrels were killed.
Ahmed Gullak, who was earlier an adviser to former presido Goodluck Jonathan on political matter, by gunmen.
Gulak was shot dead by policemen in Obiangwu village trying to board Sam Mbakwe airport in Owerri, Imo state capital, saying he wanted to board Abuja.
A funeral paryer for the politician from Adamawa was held yesterday evening in a national mosque in Abuja, after that, his body was burried into the Gudu cemetary around 8pm.
Police personnel in Imo State said at least six of the suspects who killed the All Progressives Congress (APC) employers have been killed following their fight.
A statement by the Police Public Relations Officer, SP Bala Elkana, said on 30 May, 2021, after the police personnel received a call that terrorists had killed Ahmed Gulak, a special force for police personnel, including Intellingence Response Team (IRT), Police Mobile Force (PMF), and a tactical unit from the command, had been dispatched to the place in Obiagwu junction, Ngorokpala LGA of Imo State.
The instructions were given to the team to apprehend the perpetrators and face justice.
The term alleged to have been killed by Gulak has been suspended since yesterday by the Imo police personnel.
The people there spoke, especially the driver of the motorcycle in Gulak, who was taken to the airport, had described the terrorist groups, as well as the motorcycle, who was taken to the terrorist.
It was said to be a Toyota Camry from the 2005 model, which is the silver colored by the jaguda people, with a sienna from the 1998 medel and golden color.
Toyota Hilux painted white, and a Lexus 330, painted gold.
(Registration number is not included, because of security issues)
The killer, who is the people of the killer, and the vehicle involved in the attack, was later informed of the way of the killer.
With some kind of lead, the team later established the killer people.
The suspects were arrested at Afor Enyiogugu, in Anoh-Mbaise local government area.
They were caught while the terrorists dustribute onions inside a trailer where they were confisticated.
It was full of onions in the trailer from Northern Nigeria.
When they saw the police officer, the terrorists who protected their fellow terrorists started shooting gunpoint to police officers.
The gallant and one ready for a battle.
The police officers also returned with gun shots.
The six terrorists who followed the killing, and four other members of the group were fatally injured.
Three out of the four vehicles attacked in Gulak have been collected.
Three Ak47 riffles, one pistol, five AK47 magazine with 92 rounds of live amunation, and criminal charms were collected from them.
The terrorists were identified as members of the banned IPOB and ESN.
The driver who driven late Ahmed Gulak, and the survivant victim identified the decomposing body of the IPOB/ESN member as they were attacked, and the vehicle which was coloured as the same motor used.
In the face to face with the terrorist, two armored personel carriers belonging to police officers were taken a gun scater, but they didn't damage it.
And the video made after the attack showed that Gulak wear a jean trouser, and a blue shirt while sleeping in his own blood, near the abandoned car.
Gulak was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election which led Hope Uzodinma into as a representative of the party.
They said it was close to the governor, but he was visiting the state welcomed.
Why he is in Owerri
Though Gulak was said to have visited Owerri welfare since Uzodinma was in place, he was to attend the public hearing of review of constitution held in the city to the last time.
As the committee came to the conclusion of sitting, Gulak was saty back when other members of the committee were left the city on Friday.
A close member of Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, who is the chairman of the public hearing in Owerri, said the deceased private owned by Kalu was offered after the siddon, but he refused.
According to the source, Kalu team had left the city the day the public hearing ended, but Gulak stayed back, saying he had things to do for the city.
The source said, We left Owerri the day the public hearing ended and asked him to join us in our private jet that we have enough security with us.
but he said he had something to do in the city.
Nigerians have taken a knock to FG, and other political players concerning the killing.
Nigerians using their social media also put in ear to federal government and political leaders over the killing.
A commentator on the Facebook link covering the story published by Daily Trust, Ifeanyi Maduako, as he said Gulaks death was bitter, linked him to politics.
The killing bitter in my mouth welcomes.
It appears to have been done by politicians, and the people who do so, let's open them to face.
The killings will expose people behind the security challenges in Imo State.
Who invited him to come, and why to kill northerners in Imo State?
I am afraid of what will happen to innocent Imo people in some days in the hands of security forces controlled by the north, he wrote.
Another commentator for the thread, Olurombi Micheal Omo, said as police reports have proven that it is a political killing, it should be well investigated.
It is thimg that police personnel also have questions to nswer to.
On his part, Comr Hassan Ahmad wrote that the soul of innocent people is more important than the scam called Unity for naija.
We are not going to accept this illiteracy, it is enof, we are a peacemaker.
But the doe that pushes us to meet the wall can see that we cannot continue with the peace.
I'm sending a warning, we're going to retaliate and it became worse.
Buhari, you have failed us woefully, and we have faced the Imo police officer to follow the terrorist.
Nasiru Inuwa also wrote that it was a wake-up call to the great people in the north, starting with innocent Fulani herders, now they have become northern government offices, plus prominent politicians.
Secretary of the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra (IPOB) Emma Powerful, who is not supported by the government, in a statement, said the Indigenous Peoples of Biafra should not be linked to the murder of Gulak, saying that killing of politicians is not the agenda of the Indigenous Peoples.
So, we have said that IPOB didn't know anythimg about the killing.
Beging with self-harm, how Gulak threatened our mission that warranted us to kill him
We have nothing with him, and we are not going to have killed him.
Pointing hand to IPOB of this kind of barbaric act is just to divert attention away from the real people who did it.
The same way terrorists whose security uniforms committed atrocities in the south-east, and they would come to IPOB for crime, sekk of wanting to downplay our reputation.
An option they have been looking for for a long time is to commence another special military operation in the Eastern Region to take more Biafran people innocent.
Instead of scurity people to do adequate investigations on the incident and causes it, they have faced IPOB over unforced crimes.
Do IPOB have the information from the movement of the late Gulak enough to stop it on airport road?
The group said security forces should first investigate the host of Gulak, that is Hope Uzordinma, and his political opponent, to establish if involved.
He who killed Gulak would not escape punishment.
President Muhammadu Buhari has said the people who killed Gulak and other problems in our country would not be discharged.
President Buhari, in a statement by spokesperson, Garba Shehu, expressed outrage and disgust over the heinous murder.
The president, who had shown the incident made it sad, said: I am repulsed by the gruesome murder of Gulak which is premeditated by evil people, who have been detrmined to dabaru the peace, unity and teritorial integrity of our country.
I should warn that no one, or collectively doing such a thing despicable will expect to go free.
We will use everythimg we have to see that those who do such a calous and criminal thing will face justice.
Gulaks killing is unacceptable, Akeredolu said.
Governor of Ondo State, Olwarotimi Akeredolu, described the news of the killing as shocking and disturbing.
In a statement signed by the Governor himself, he said this is a murder too many, saying doing things was senseless and wicked.
The people who do such a bad thing are enemy of the country.
The corner-corner way is to mislead, confuse and destroy.
He had the unmistakable, despicable imprints of fifth columnists bent on setting the country on the path of conflagration.
These criminals must not be allowed to succeed.
We want to use this medium to tell our brother, Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzordinma that we are with him.
We urge him and other governors of South Eastern states to brace up, confront the security challenges and end bloodbath for them.
The enemy of the people usually use the weapon of fear to create disaffection.
The coward act is to instigate Nigerians to face each other, to northerners to face Igbo people living outside the South-East.
We must face the enemy of the people to see how we come out of power in their hands.
This is not a time to argue who knows politics more.
We are not required to allow bandits to downplay the legitimacy of this government at all levels.
We call on all security forces to collaborate to show the sponsoring criminals and those who act terrorists around.
They must be punished severely.
Fintiri mourn
The Governor of Adamawa State, that is Umara Ahmadu Fintiri has said the way Gulak was killed has surprised him, saying he is a former speaker of Adamawa State.
Governor Fintiri said the death was so painful, how cruel people were to be.
Governor Fintiri said Late Gulak was a witty, determined, and a practical politician, who as he rose was a result of his hardwork.
It is very unfortunate that the death is collected from us.
Hon Ahmed Gulak in a gruesome manner.
Gulak is a living policy that works for everyone and always has the interest of the country in mind.
Reminding his interaction with late Gulak, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri said he was a brother and mentor, and sought to be a lawter, a human rights fighter.
Madagali community loses better son
In a statement released yesterday by Chief Press Secretary Hunwashi Wanisoukou in Yola, the governor said our country has lost one of the stronger persons fighting for human rights.
We all remember how passionate he battled for the people sent out of home by the insurgency terrorism, and those who were with little means.
ACF condemns killing
The Gulaks killing has been condemned by the Consultative Forum (ACF) as a huge loss for our country.
The ACF, in a statement issued by the national publicity secretary, Emmanuel Yawe, said they were sad to hear the killing of Gulak, described as a dynamic politician, and progressive politicician who came from there.
If you like it or don't like it, that is your business.
May God bless and give his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to take bear the loss.
The killing is part of the plan to repeat the coup of 1966 CNG.
The coalition of Norther Groups (CNG) has described the killing of a former northern politician Ahmed Gulak before a political adviser to former presido Goodluck Jonathan, saying something planned and all the attacks on police in the Southeast of Nigeria were to repeat the coup of 1966.
The CNG, in a statement signed by spokesperson, Abdul-Azeez Suleiman, said that was why norther part of the country could not live in southeast as one country, as they alleged that the violent way of the Indigenous People of Biafra, The eastern Security Network (ESN), and other Igbo Gandhi was funded and confident, by every part of the Igbo society, both households and the countryside oyinbo.
Westham hope of getting top-four has again been dashed with how they lost to Everton.
Westham hope of getting top-four has again been dashed against Everton hoping to come into the European league on Sunday.
The goal scored by Dominic Caivert-Lewin in the 24th minute of their game shows that they have been determined to win Westham who have mouthed out to score in that serious afternoon.
The closest to equalize was when Vladmir Coufal shot a ball at the bar and Jerron Bowenno couldn't hit him back and posted upon being in the goal post front.
Supporters of Vice-President Yemi Osinbajo have shown that he is still behind the showcasing of him as a presidential candidate for the coming elections.
Osinbajo said he did not want to be president.
Vice-president Osinbajo said all the little speeches that he intends to be president in the 2023 Presidential Elections are distractions.
A unconfirmed story has been in town that Osinbajo's eyes are President's post on the land.
Vice President Laolu Akande, who is also a spokesman, said the Vice President was yet to declare his interest in being president in his statement on Monday.
The Vice-Presidents office has put their eyes on a Website body.
supportosinbajo.ng which calls on Nigerians to join voluntary groups to support Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, is preparing for the 2023 Presidential elections.
Details of the website and their begging have been full of WhatsApp including the fact that Osinbajo has declared interest in the 2023 elections.
The Vice President office has no connet with the group or its own website and they feel that the whole thing is a distraction that is absolutely unnecessary.
Prof Osinbajo never said he wants to be president for the 2023 elections, but was focusing on working as the vice president of the current administration to face serious issues for the country.
We are asking our people to desist from these challenges and faces the challenges confronting us as Nigerians, to perform well for our people and peace and prosperity in our land,the statement said.
Ndidi and Iheanacho have again made Nigeria proud in Leicester City playing while taking the countrys flag off as their team won the FA Cup.
NFF congratulates Ndidi Iheanacho for the FA Cup victory at Leicester Citys
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF)
Mr Amaju Melvin Pinnick, has sent a message to congratulate Super Eagles Midfielder Wilfred Ndidi and Forward Kelechi Iheanacho for their win in Leicester City against Chelsea who were hype on Saturday.
FA Cup final in England
The two were on the march at Wembley and celebrated after the march with Nigerian flag adding to the list of the other seven Nigerian Players who have already carried the England Cup.
I am very happy for Ndidi and Iheanacho.
Leicester City were working outstanding throughout the campaigns and both they and their team deserved the honour.
I believe these wins will work as a high morale for them in the friendly match we want to play this summer and the FIFA World Cup we want to start in September.
I am also happy with the Nigeria Flag which both sides celebrate when everything is over.
That was awesome.
Ndidi and Iheanacho were the second pair of Nigerians to celebrate their FA Cup win in England, which followed a 2008 victory between Nwankwo Kanu and John Utaka in Portsmouth against Cardiff.
Before that, Daniel Amokachi had won Everton in 1995; Celestine Babayaro also won Chelsea in the year 2000, Kanu for Arsenal in 2002 and John Mikel Obi for Chelsea in 2007.
After Kanu/Utaka victory in 2008, John Mikel Obi again won Chelsea in 2009, 2010 and 2012, Alex Iwobi won Arsenal in 2017, Victor Moses also joined them to win in 2018.
When I was at the Federal Government College of Enugu in the early 70s, I was training passing to transport myself from Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokovic warm up for Roland Garros with Belgrade title
Novak Djokovic has completed his warm-up with success at Roland Garros when he beat Slovakian Alex 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday in the final of the ATP Clay tournament in Belgrade.
This is the second event in the city over a month when the fans came alongside the Serbia Open in April when the stadium was dry.
Djokovic said he had already played in the Peoples Front, Belgrade who lost the semifinal at the Serbian Open where he won the last in 2011.
The herder-farmer mayhem in Nigeria is now becoming a reality showing news every day.
To end Nigerias herder-farmer crisis: The Livestock reform plan
Nigerias federal and state governments struggle to implement a National Livestock Transformation Plan to control cattle movement across the country to become a herder and farmer fight.
It has been endorsed by many state governments, but is facing some challenges.
Well-working political leadership, perception about its misleading purpose, increased budget constraints due to the COVID-19 pandemic, experts who are not able to do the work and everywhere insecurity, blocked the progress.
If the plan fails like the other plans to modernise livestock management, the farmer and herders fight increases.
National Economic Council approved it in January 2019, the plan is to represent the efforts that the people will understand most to examine the failing livestock system.
The main part of the strategy is to control where grazing occurs in order to reduce the fight between herders and farmers.
The movement hope is that after 10 years, herders going up and down mainly will have the mind of putting their cattle into ranch and reserve for public grazing, where breeding farms and other mechanised livestock management will support what the sector will produce.
By the end of 2028 the authorities intend to have built about 119 ranches in all the states involved, creating about two million jobs in livestock production, processing and market chain.
The plan was made after a period where herders and farmers engaged the struggle, particilarly when the struggle became intensifying and affected people in the ghetto in 2018.
The Federal Government, which is aimed at reducing funds to about 80 percent of the Transformation proposal submitted by the states involved, has been taking the first step to practice their plans, including technical support to help states prepare for the commencement of work, such as field surveys and site mapping.
Many states have been reactivating demarcated grazing reserve, opening offices, and setting up steering committees to manage the collaboration plan.
The authorities have been doing workshops and other works to teach people the benefits of livestock reform.
But two years down from the 10-year plan they have done, they have not built any ranches and their obstacles a lot.
There is still the opposition from the herders, though mostly from the Fulani people, among the farmers who do not want pastolists to enjoy the benefits of the plan also, deteriorating the reform effort.
There has been much disruptions on the Middle belt, where fighting between farmers and herders is too much because of land, even though peacemaking and efforts of the military since 2018 have immeasurably reduced the blood shed.
Shortage has been in the federal and state governments budgets, a small part is due to the deteriorating economy due to the pandemic, and because the country has no technical experts who know how to manage ranch and grazing reserves.
In many states, especially in the North-West, the rapid growth of criminal gangs and armed groups further damage access to grazing reserves, causing people to invest before they do so again.
Unless they do anything about it, this mayhem and other mayhem can delay or distort the plan, which will make the country become helpless when the fight between farmers and herders becomes the most intense fight between ethnic nationalities, regions and religions.
To tackle this, it will be important for federal and State authorities to engage in efforts with the help of donors and investors.
First, Abuja and other states supporting it should provide the most strong political leadership, enhance their communication with the public in order to downplay doubt and wrong understanding of the plan.
This is more common for pastoralists on their side, who will ask them to change their nomadic lifestlye with their people for centuries, who are still having serious doubts about the plan promises about pastture are false.
But many farmers are afraid of losing their land to the livestock producers.
Many people at the middle-belt and other states in the South are still suspecting the planed long-term goals, which are being seen as an opportunity for herders and the Fulani people.
With the support of Abuja and other partners, state governments must find experts who will know technical aspects of thimgs, especially those who will manage the ranch and grazing reserve, dairy production and meat processing.
Let the Federal and State Governments also increase their budgets for the plan, quickly release the funds and create financial transparency to ensure everything is accounted for, and work with donors and investors as necessary.
It is also important to deal with insecurities in the countryside, curb impunity and rehabilitate communities seriously affected by the fight in the participating states.
Authorities have to consider weather change as well, to decide if herders from other countries sometimes will benefit from the plan too.
While some of these steps take time, the people should focus on how they can bring a strong result, which people can see within a short period.
less than two years from now, the country will hold general elections.
If the plan survives the following change of government, Politians must bring to clear proof that it benefits (Change is certain, as President Buhari and many state governors will not be able to compete again as they served two terms).
By the time the election champaigns are hot at 2022 end, the supporters of the plan should be able to show some of the ranches they built or the reserved, strong donors they had and their investors commitment and the first group of people trained to be professional in Livestock mamagement.
Nothing in this thing is easy but the plan is worth the effort.
Not only is it perfect, but it brings an important chance, chance to change Nigerias livestock system with a strategy to address the needs of both herders and smallholder farmers.
About 70 percent of Nigerians are earned from agriculture.
Modernising the Livestock sector will boost the countrys prosperity and at the same time, it is a huge way to solve one of the dangerous Nigerias problems.
With the time of the 2023 elections, both federal and state authorities have to do so quickly so that people can see what they are doing or otherwise all their efforts to create such moments of opportunity will deteriorate.
This is an executive summary of the report on the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) and how it has been working fast, International Crisis Group published.
What problem I had with the king?
or you do not agree?
They are responsible for very high proportions of food and crop production.
Subsistence farmers are the smallholder that consume the majority of their farm output that is backed to avoid actively participating in commercially oriented agriculture by a variety of constraints.
No energy for anyone that are not happy for me.
I got it.
This brings me to the conclusion that everyone is evil.
This system has been characterised as complex, diverse and risk-prone.
Farms are often small, they do it under traditional or informal tenure, and it is marginally risk-prone environments.
Yields low and farmers lack capacity to increase yields
We said life and prosperity on this day.
waya yours
The emphasis is on agricultural productivity, production enhancement and commercialising farming as an enterprise.
I know everywhere
Akpos and his friend were sitting down.
The yields of the smallholder farmers are profitable.
You are here.
These challenges have led to large number of smallholder farmers, to pursue livelihood with lower-risk and lower-yielding agricultural activities.
Are you a witch?
I was on my road to sabo and bought food enough.
I should call my father.
As developing countries grow larger, richer, and more urban, the intensification of agricultural production occurs in rapidly changing agri-food value chains.
So far what supers to be here
This development is shifting the competitive advantage away from petty farmers.
It is important that we find a solution to the problem.
This requires an intergrated approach to methodologies.
The loan sharks have been in his neck.
This kind of thing
I was sent an errand in where I was working.
The water has flooded the entire farm.
Farmers more battle in 2020
For many farmers and other stakeholders in the agro-sector, the year 2020 would remain as one of the worse years in the history of Nigeria because it introduced new dynamics that millions of smallholder farmers would contend with.
Many challenges have been confronting the agricultural sector that ranges from the issues that are climate change-related, conflicts and the complications that have exacerbated from the global COVID-19 pandemic, which brought as a pain and heartbreak to farmers and agribusiness players.
First, the COVID-19 lockdown and restrictions happen at a time when dry season farmers are expected to harvest their crops and wet season farmers are expected to begin cultivation.
Many farmers cannot go to their farms while others with labourers to harvest their farms since mechanization is a huge challenge and a manual harvest is the problem.
Movement restrictions have been introduced to curb the spread in the coronavirus locked-down markets that have disrupted the rural economy.
Many farmers cannot sell their produce that enables them to buy seed and fertiliser, pay labourers/tractor services.
Even when the lockdown is lifted in the agricultural sector, the price of fertiliser is rising so that many smallholders cannot afford it.
In some places the price has rised to N13,000 in a bag of Indorama and Notore Urea.
NPK 15-15-15 rose to N25,000 when the federal government NPK20-10-10 under the presidential fertiliser initiative, which was meant to be sold to farmers at N5,500 was unavailable in many places and areas where the prices rose to N7,000 and higher than this in some places.
For farmers in Zamfara, Katsina, southern kaduna, some parts of Kebbi and Sokoto states, bandits activities not only denied access to their farms but the men also killed many in their farms.
Many farming communities are razed down.
People kidnapped and demanded ransom
Many people paid large sums of money or surrendered large portions of their harvest for the bandits.
Many villages in those states are now desolated.
The agric sector witnessed one of the worst disasters when one of the worst disasters when flood wipe out 450,000 hectares of rice and maize fields estimated at over N3.5 billion in Kebbi, Sokoto and Kano states.
Most of the farmers affected are yet to be compensated as their livelihood is destroyed.
The flood has worsened since the 2012 disaster that wrecked hawanches across most of Nigeria's coastal and flood-prone areas killing people and washing away farmlands.
Meanwhile, while the flood was bringing pain to farmers heart-up in the North, drought was confronting farmers in the south.
For two months, farmers did not get delighted but watched as their investments in crop were withered away.
Not disguised.
Another subsector to which the thing hit badly was poultry and feeds.
The scarcity of maize in the beginning has caused the price increase.
It has also forced the Poultry Association of Nigeria to send a save our soul appeal to the federal government for urgent attention.
The federal government has responded to the appeal and released 5,000 metric tons of maize from the nations strategic reserve for farmers in addition to granting some of the big players licenses to import about 222 metric tons of maize to increase the shortfall in the feed industry.
However, this is a just short-term solution because three months down the line, the scarcity of soyabean struck the farmers are expressing fear that by January 2021, the industry would shut down completely.
The scarcity resulted in a serious feed crisis in the industry as prices reached a high record in its history as it rose from N2,600 in February to about N5,500
The poultry industry lost an estimate of N7 million jobs with figures projected to N10 million by January 2021 whereas the loss in investments was conservatively estimated to be about N1.5 trillion.
While the poultry farmers are still struggling with the challenges marking the sector, the crop farmers despite the daunting challenges confronting the sector in the 2020 farming year, have buyers moved right up to their farms even before harvesting to make bulk purchase arrangements.
This is the first time the price of grains has failed to come down in a harvest time, sparking fear of hunger-prone and the calls for the reopen of the border, which will allow influx on products that are smugled through the countrys porous borders.
The name of the Lord is a strong tower.
3,000 youths will benefit from NALDA's farm estate in Ebonyi
The National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA) has said the agency would engage at least 3,000 youths in Ebonyi State in its proposed intergrated farm estate in the state.
The intergrated farm estate will be completed and commissioned by October this year.
The executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, who announced this on Tuesday, said the proposed integrated farm estate would be established on 104 hectares of land donated by the state government.
Prince Ikonne, who is also in Ebonyi State at a courtesy visit to the governor on Monday, Engr David Umahi, said the intergrated farm estate would be completed in October 2021.
This is the mandate of Mr President, that we reactivate abandoned farms and develop new ones for security.
The Governor of Ebonyi State is eager.
He has total support for achieving his dreams.
Thus, Ebonyi State is committed to working with NALDA to engage the teeming youths into full agricultural productivity.
We have seen the governor key into Mr Presidents agenda concerning achieving food security in the country.
We are establishing an intergrated farm estate in Ebonyi State as we do it in other states.
The scheme will engage Nigerians and it will draw their attention to agriculture.
From Jude Owuamanam (Owerri), Lami Sadiq (Kaduna), Bola Ojuola ( Akure), Abdullateef Salau, Muideen Olaniyi, Abbas Jimoh & Idowu Isamotu
New boss President in Niger Republic has looked into terrorist eyes over crimes they committed.
Niger Republic's new boss President Mohamed Bazoum has been involved in terrorism which had been barbaric acted after entering power on Friday in a country facing two jihadist insurgencies.
Bazoum said the groups are killing so many innocent people and that by that, they were committing real war crimes.
He said the leadership of the groups came from other countries, saying Niger was only being attacked in any way.
He said no terrorist leaders had had any anguish with the country.
Bazoum, 61, was elected for two rounds between December and February.
A right hand member of Mahamadou Issoufou, 68, stepped down by himself after suffering two four four years of office.
His inauguration was the first time elected leaders handed each other in Niger history for over 60 years of independence, but the attacks from jihadists and some plans to do coup had down the celebration.
Niger suffered from insurgencies that had close connections to Al-qaeda or Islamic State (IS), which were entering west from Burkina Faso and Mali, and from Nigeria as Boko Haram entered from southeast.
It has over 300 people killed in three attacks in the west since the start of the year.
The most recent one was when the 141 members of the Tuareg community were killed on March 21, in Tahoua, a massive desert that entered Mali.
Bazoum spoke on the efforts of Niger Rebuplic under him as the presido focused on Mali.
He said the current situation in Mali had a direct impact on security in their countries.
Insurgents linked to IS are based in Menaka and Gao, eastern and central Mali as Bazoum said.
He said it would be difficult to fight them as far as Mali as a country is incapable of taking full charge over the region.
Early hours in Wednesday, after gun duel near presidency in Niamey, the government said the attempted coup had been stopped.
He described the thing as an act of a coward and regressive treath to democracy and state of law.
West Africa have suffered four coups, the latest hit February 2010 and left President Mamadou Tandja.
Google says they may leave Australia
Google threat to abscond from the search engine in the country, as the country has asked it to share benefits with news publishing players.
Australia to introduce the kind of law that is the first of its kind as they urge Google, Facebook, and other tech companies to pay newsmen for their brought contents.
But the companies in the US are fighting back, warning that they may leave the services in the country.
Oga Prime Minister in Australia, That is Scott Morrison said Lamakers will not list to any threats.
Although Australia is not one of the biggest places in the world where Google markets thimgs, this proposed news code could be a global test of how governments would begin to regulate big tech firms.
This code in Australia will tie Google and Facebook, to negotiate with publishers over the value of their news contents if they cannot reach agreement at the beginning.
The Managing Director of Google in Australia, Mel Silva told a Senate siddon on Friday that the law would not operate.
She said,If this type of version of the code is passed through to become a law, Google will have no option beyond packing it out in Australia.
But lawmakers attacked him, saying it was a blackmail and bully Google wanted to do in Australia seeking the reform to be raised.
It will happen everywhere in the world.
Are you going to come at every market, you going to leave?
Senator Rex Patrick asks: Do you want to stop the precedence?
Silva replied that the code is a risk not tenable for operations in Australia.
Morrison said his government was committed to making the law to get progress through parliament this year.
Let me clearly say: It is Australia that makes rule of what you can do in Australia.
We are doing that in our parliament, as he told newsmen on Friday.
Why is Australia pushing for such a law?
Google is the dominant search engine in Australia, and the government has described as an essential utility that does not really have any market competition.
The government argument is that because the tech giant has customers among people who want to read news, they should pay the amount that is good to newsroom for journalism.
In addition, they argued that financial support was necessary or embattled news industry because the strong media was vital to democracy.
According to the Government, print media in Australia has suffered a 75% reduction in money since 2005.
The thretch that Google has said to have been removed from an entire engine has been the most tough.
The lawmaker said news accounts only for 12.5 per cent of the searches being executed by Google in Australia.
Poultry farmers appeal to commence imports of animal grade maize and soya meal.
The General Secretary in the South West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN), Dr. Olalekan Odunsi, has called on the government to facilitate the importation of animal grade maize and soya meal.
Odunsi said importation could save the poultry business from collapse.
He said that the importation of feed grade maize would sustain the over 500 million layers, 100 million broilers, 1 million breeders and other classes of poultry until next harvest.
He also urged governments that, at the main time, they should not be allowed to export processed soya, seed and soya bean meal.
He appealed to the governors of the region to make more efforts for the production of maize as they do for the production of rice.
Odunsi also mouthed that maize farmers, soya bean farmers and the others in Nigeria needed to collaborate to work.
He said if government does not interven, that scarcity and hish prices of maize and soya would threaten another five million poultry jobs if government does not do anything about it.
Today, maize is 210,000/MT sold in most states in the South West, while soye bena is 240,000/MT.
As the two items take importance, the price of poultry feed is just increaese from N2750 to N3000 in April N2020 to N4850 to N5300 now.
In December, most farmers were able to sell their broilers because the cost of production topped the cost of a ordinary Nigerian.
At the moment, eggs have been higher than the average person can buy, the price is around 1,300.
So we really have to make government intervention to save the remaining ten million jobs in the poultry value chain for the economy.
as he said
Reps suspended support for Buhari Fom APC
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has suspended the members of the House of Representatives representing Kazaure federal constituency in Jigawa State, Muhammad Gudaji Danbaffa for six months.
In addition, a panel with seven members was formed to probe the allegations of insurbordination charged with the members, plus making recommendations within ten days.
The committee was headed by Hamza Dand, who is secretary by Sanusi Kaaure.
In the year of the suspension of the lawmaker, the boss chairman of the local government, claimed that upon the decision to suspend Gudaji, its constituent people in Kazaure Yama ward started it, and the local government also put it in hand.
Our correspondent reports that the lawmaker was suspended because he was accused of criticising the governor of changing the candidate desired by the people for the recently voted chaimanship and councilorship primaries.
Serena croises teenager Pigato in Parma Wta.
Serena Williams was a brush asides the challenge of local teenager Lisa Pigato in the opening round of the WTA tournament in Parma on Monday.
Williams, a nomba in the world, beat Pigato ranked 572 and making her WTA debut 6-3, 6-2, at the first meeting between the two.
How North-Central govs can optimise open grazing ban from Southern APC leaders
With open grazing controversy trending into public domain, which Southern governors had hit with a ban during their meeting in Asaba, the president, Farmers Empowerment Association in Nigeria (FEAN), as well as Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC) North-Central Forum in FCT, Honourable Obaje David, has examined how the North-Central governors can respond to the ban.
Recently, the governors of the Southern state were meeting in Asaba, Delta State, and open grazing was banned to cut farmers-herders crisis plus including other forms of criminality.
What is your take on the controversy generated by this decision?
Every human being has a right to action and opinion.
But the most important thing is that once you take your own action, you know the consequences.
You should also consider the advantages and disadvantages.
I was not one of those who said it was good or bad.
As a Nigerian, it is your right and freedom to live elsewhere in the country with good faith and enjoy the freedom of association.
On this basis, I will not tell you that is a good thimg.
But as a leader in the North Central, I will say that is a good thing, especially in the North Central zone, as of the potential economic benefits for us and the nation.
The ban is a advantage to us.
We need to key into it and see how we can make it real venture and make money from it.
Lucky for us, we have a landmass that is enough to accommodate the herders, no matter the nomba who troops from the South to the North Central.
What is your position about open grazing?
I am not one of the people who support open grazing.
I believe more in ranching, because it is what I do.
I believe starting with ranching would work out for us.
Let the governors of North Central allow the national programme on ranching.
A similar move might make Nortj Central the most abundant cattle area, where people can purchase cattle and some allied products.
It will also be a means of economic empowerment for the northern central people.
We have the land that southern states may not have.
It is seen in Kogi, Niger, Kwara, among others states.
We gave the herders house and ranch to be our own advantage.
The challenges associated with the Fulani herders are not because they refused to adopt ranching.
The problem is that they are not really educated on the advantage.
The culture is nomadic.
As a result, they need adequate education to accept ranching.
The method can also be adopted in Kenya, where almost all families have cattle, but you cannot still see open grazing, as cattle take enough as much.
That is what the southern governors are saying.
The governors have not shown where they belong in this regard.
There is no call for ranching or demand for the federal government to put mouth.
What they are saying is that the herders people have become a problem for us, and they should leave.
The herders are asked to apply for land, saying herding is a personal business.
But have they been asked to apply in land like the herders?
As one of the drivers for youth empowerment, especially in agriculture and value chain, why some government policies don't really work, what the way out is?
Firstly, no other administration has been able to touch the lives of an individual such as one of President Muhammadu Buhari, who you can sit in your home without problems and apply for facilities and you will have it.
There are also some credit facilities called COVID-19 loans.
Many Nigerians have been collecting the loans for hundreds of thousands of naira from their homes without sating to offices.
Also, with the expansion of some SMEs such as the Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOA) and a host of others.
The challenge is that we have two sides, those who believe in you and those who never believe.
Therefore, for those who do not believe in the administration of Buhari, there is nothing to benefit.
But for us who believe in Buhari, we are benefitting and we are thankful to God for him.
Kidnappers kill driver, 13 people in Nasarawa
Kidnappers have killed Adamu Usman, carrying 13 people near Shafa-Abakpa-Umaisha road in Toto Local Government Council of Nasarawa State.
Daily Trust further learnt that he was shot three times in his abdomen and died around 9pm in the university of Abuja Teaching Hospital where he and another shooter, Atahiru Abukwo, who were also shot were treated together.
Another driver who narrowly escaped the attack Ibrahim Saidu said the incident happened on August 5pm on tuesday when several kidnappers with AK47 came from the bush to waylay four motorists from Ugya village.
According to him, the kidnappers waylayed the vehicle and shot at a moto carrying people from Ugya to Abaji.
He said the kidnappers were surrounding the vehicle after drivers had lost control drivers into the bush.
13 passengers, including one young woman, were taken into the bush immediately after pointing a gun to them.
Cultists and street lords have assumed control of interest areas in the region.
When I came, I heard that they were shooting guns, and then turned back.
The Ohimegye of Opanda-Umaisha, His Royal Majesty (HRM), Usman Abdullahi, said some bandits remaining in the forest are responsible for kidnapping of travelers, residents and some farmers in the area.
He said some bandits were still left behind and they were making terror in the community, appealing to the state and federal governments to collaborate to flush them out for patapata.
When contacted, the spokesman of the Nasarawa State Police Command, ASP Ramhan Nansel, said that he was yet to be informed of the latest kidnapp incidents, he said he would go along with the Divisional Police Officer in Toto Local Government Area and go along with newsmen again.
Man nabbed who followed a way into Lagos
The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of one Victor Ebhomenyen seeking his drive to follow a way at Four Point Hotel, Oniru in Lagos State.
Ebhomenyen was also assaulted and caused a severe injury at ASP Erhator Sunday body at Four Point Hotel, Oniru, Lagos.
The statement was contained in a statement signed by the Lagos Police Command spokesperson, CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi.
He said the command thniked that the record straught concerning should be set.
The incident, recorded in a video that entered the internet on social media, became viral on Saturday April 17.
He said two men were assaulted ASP Erhator Sunday, a duty officer, and the scene was created on the road at Oniru, Victoria Island, Lagos State.
Adejobi said the prime suspect, Victor, had entered police net at the State Criminal Investigation Department Panti, for investigation and prosecution as and when due.
He said the command has made efforts to arrest the suspect, Etinosa.
Gbajabiamila welcomed Ayade as defect as PDP urged members to stay united.
The Speaker in the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, has shown that he is happy that the Governor of Cross River State, Prof. Ben Ayade, took defect into the All Progressives Congress (APC), saying the party is open to all.
Gbajabiamila in a statement on Thursday whose Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, said Ayade's actions have shown that APC is the party to beat in the country.
The Speaker said the Cross River State governor had made the right decision and had shown examples to follow the others.
He said the ruling party remained open for all and called on Nigerians to join the APC to move the country forward.
The Speaker said APC would continue to be fair and fair to all its members.
Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), while reacting to the defects of Ayade, urged members in Cross River State to stay united.
In a statement issued by the party spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan, our party calls on all critical stakeholder and teeming members of our party in Cross Rivers State to immediately pull together and ensure that all structures of our party in the state remain intact.
The PDP wishes Governor Ayade well in his new political waka as well as in his future endeavours.
The Forensic Bill of the National Assembly wants to pass: It is relevant to the fight against corruption by Buhari
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on Wednesday 19th.
May 2021 at the House of Representatives and Tuesday 2nd
March 2021 for the Senate made history when passed into law, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill, 2021 (SB.615 and HB.
791), after the Third Time in both Chambers (SENATE AND HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVE)
This act is a clear demonstration of the patriotism and direct response of the National Assembly, which targeted and strengthening and re-invigorating national fronts in the fight against fraud, corruption and cybercrimes, which have come into our country welcomes.
On the passing of this bill, the 9th Assembly under the distinguished and able leadership of His Excellency, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, PhD, CON and Rt Hon Femi Gbajabiala has shown clearly that legislative roles have been carried out in the head, as taken in the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999, as amended.
And this also attests to the fact that the National Assembly has awoken to the performance of their complementary role with other arms of Government in the fight against corruption.
It is with happy mind and with a deep sense of gratitude that I write this, which has been put together as a platform for us to let Nigerians and indeed the whole world know what the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria is all about and the unique concept we are bringing on board in order to complement national efforts in its quest to ride the country of corruption, fraud and Cyber-Crimes and other related crimes.
After the Senate passes the Bill, and in view of being operated by a bi-cameral Legislature, the House of Representatives we are always ready and resilient, under the able leadership of His Excellency, Rt.
Femi Gbajabiamila, who is the Hon.
The speaker also followed the actions and passed the Bill on Wednesday 19 May, 2021.
As you may have heard earlier, the Bill to establish the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (CIFIPN) is among the bill that has been declared NO to in the National Assembly.
The sad thimg is that people who are supposed to put mouth in the fight against corrupt went into Nigeria attacking the bill, which has become enemy in common ood.
A good thimg is a good thimg, it has no substitute; it is also a bad thimg.
No matter how long it takes, good will always prevails over bad just as the light superior over darknes takes is constant and unquestionable.
It is important that we see a little of how it happened in the National Assembly.
Interestingly, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (Est) Bill 2021 (CIFIPN) was the first to pass it into law on the 2nd day of March, 2021 as it passed the legislative processes of 1st Reading, 2nd Reading and eventually for the 3rd Reading on the 2nd March, 2021 Senate passed the Bill into law with one voice considering the urgent need for the noble legislation, of reason not sauying it happened without many thunderts from detractors that would not stop at any length to see that any legislation that would help the administration led by Buhari to fight corruption would not see the light of the day stand and see through it.
It is very important for the public to know that (CIFIPN) is not just a noble body but a new in Nigeria targeted to bridge the gap that has remained for a long time in the forensics space.
Today, the goal is to have a standard body that regulates the practises of forensics in Nigeria at its peak and enable Nigerians to rise to challenge the few anti-government bodies who may intend to sabotage this step.
This bill, which the National Assembly has passed, shows that patrioticity and the need to strengthen national efforts against corruption, which has been blocking development in all facets of our national life, is clearly demonstrated.
This better step in legislation, which the two Chambers of the National Assembly take, is historic and symbolic, is coming at a time Nigeria needs a legislation welfare.
That would give a better way to his anti-corruption drive as the spate of criminal and corrupt have been raised across the globe.
According to us, crime has entered into another level as science and technology has improved in the 21st century.
Therefore, the bill has been passed through and carried out at a better time, plus it has shown clearly that we have a flexible and responsive legislature that knows what is happening in the world, and they are ready to do legislation that will meet the practices of the Nigerian people.
It should also be noted that the journey inside the bill to turn it into law, started since the 8th National Assembly, where Distinguished Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan Ph.D, CON who was current Senate President sponsoring our bill, when he was a Senate Leader, was important to the anti corruption waka of this adminitration.
For a better understanding, when we introduce our bill into the two chamber during the 8th Assembly, they do a public hearing carrying everyone along in the chamber.
Thereafter, despite the minority stakeholders opposition, led by the Institute of Chatered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), the National Assembly passed the bill in view of its significance and the players in the fight against corruption.
Afterward, the bill was forwarded to boss President, to put it in hand, but it was not put in hand before the 8th Assembly was dissolved in June 2019.
On this stregth the bill abck was brought for the 9th National Assembly, the Distinguished Senator Abdullahi A. Yahaya, the current Leader of the Senate, in view of its importance.
We are pushed to make this clarification in order to clear the air on the cheap cheap propaganda distracing us saying the 8th Assembly has rejected our bill.
Also, we must mention the fact that our bill has been mistaken with other similar bills which have just been introduced in both the Senate and House of Represntative Chambers.
These bills, having scrutized them with closed eyes, we discovered that they just copied our intentions and the thing our bill stands.
We should draw to hear that none of the bills were introduced into the 8th Assembly, only our bill.
As such, we are first to carry a bill that is so big as this (Forensic).
As we have seen, it is very urgent to establish such a great Institute.
The decision was made to establish the institute after it studied how the institute operated in other jurisdictions and how it has been helped crime detection, investigation and prosecution.
It is part of instructions to know that our institutions have been in existence since 2009.
And over the years, and over the years, we have trained professionals to know forensic science technology, targeted at inculcating the requisite skills in the pragmatic areas of forensic investigation and management, to:
to take forensic analysis to eliminate material misstatements, either by error or fraud; voice recognition analysis; fingerprint/signature analysis; digital forensic and cybersecurity; crime scene investigation; global anti-corruption compliance and enforcement; litigation support, forensic investigation capacities, preparation of forensic reports, fraud risk management, corporate fraud analysis, fraud prevention, detection and investigation etc.
You will follow me that in our countrys world today, the normal way of investigating crime is on that that we want to stop it is going to be something old.
As such, we as a country should do somethimg meantime in this regard, it is paramount that we should follow global trends and innovations that are put on the ground to combat corruption.
This is how we reason to establish this Institute with betta objectives that are relevant to the anti-corruption agenda of this adminitration.
There is no time enough for me to talk about everything in the bill here.
However, I want you to allow me to mention few of what the Bill will do, for the purpose of this, as it takes to be like this:
to establish a Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals in Nigeria, to develop and train professionals in this specialised field with systemic and professional examination and certification that will provide better skills in the use of science and technology for fraud detection, investigation and detection;
To provide a platform for training and retrain of professionals on how they use Forensic Science and Technology tools and techniques of investigating fraud in both the public and private sectors of the economy, as they do all;
To promote high professional standards, ethics and etiquettes among people doing the, in a bid to cut fraudulder and corruption waka, and as well as develop a mechanism for fraud prevention, as a proactive measure against corruption generally;
To fill the huge vacuum in our normal system of old-fashioned investigation with the introduction of a unique operation of forensic science to help the country from expending its scarce foreign exchange to hire foreign expatriates to do forensic investigations in Nigeria;
To develop broad-based mechanisms and training programmes that cut across all the strates of our investigation architecture, involving professionals such as Lawyers, Criminologists, Security Experts, Judicial Officers, Court Registrars, and Economists.
This will enhance the effective and efficient disposition of cases as being taken globally; and
To take an enhanced anti-fraud mechanism in Nigeria, through the provision of a legal framework for the professional development and discipline of forensic and investigative professionals in Nigeria, among others.
From the foregoing, it has shown that the role of this Institute is strategic and important.
It is also important to say forensic science is very wide and it is a field that involves many others and requires effective and efficient regulation so that we attain and sustain high levels of professionalism and ethical standards.
The broad spectrums of the scope and focal points of the Institute, including but not only forensic toxicology; forensic investigation; forensic auditing; digital forensics and cybercrimes, forensic autopsy; forensic law; forensic accounting; forensic nursing; forensic pathology; forensic engineering; forensic psychology; forensic DNA analysis; forensic anthropology; forensic linguistics; forensic deontology; forensic dentistry; forensic archeology; forensic graphology, forensic entomology, etc.
Accordingly, you agree that our institute has brought unique concepts into crime detection and investigation that follow international best practices.
The concept beyond myopic people taking thing about our bill has covered a sense of thinging, due to narrow-mindedness and inordinate desire to monopolise a system that has transcended their jurisdiction and scope of operation.
On a lighter note, I want to draw the attention of everyone to the funny scenario that is playing out now, and as a matter of fact, it should be a source of concern for all good Nigerians.
When the introduction of the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill in the 8th National Assembly, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), came out with anger to oppose the passage because according to them, it was an unnecessary duplication of functions of the Institute has done.
However, having again introduced our bill in this 9th National Assembly and seen the overwhelming and accelerated legislative support given by our bill by the two Chambers, ICAn has realized that forensic science is the uniques field of practice, and as we speak, they have brought similar Bill to the House of Representatives, as they have failed wofully in their attempt to stop the passage of our bill.
One may question, what has changed between now and the past, where the ICAN has the view that any other institutions are not regulating the practices of forensic science?
Your answer is the same thing with my own.
I would also like to inform you that the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), is also part of this episode.
which was initiated and being promoted by ANAN. just as the ICAN counterpart, they have also introduced a bill in the House of Representatives that is same structure with the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Certified Fraud Examiners of Nigeria Bill, which was initiated by ANAN and promoted it.
I decided to disclose all the facts that Nigerians and even international communities are required to understand the extent to which some can go and ensure that they are aimed at.
However, this development does not disturb us at all, because we believe that over the credibility and ability of the National Assembly and also of the Presidency to do the right thing, they should not enter manipulate in any way, with these unnecessarydistractions, they should not make a mockery of doing any thing.
ICAN is the practical and antagonist of this bill and we are seeing the reasons for it now.
Several bystanders were engaged in writing fragile petitions, even targeting the leadership in the Senate, which sounded like a bleckmail.
Failing in the Senate, the antagonist turned attention to the House of Representatives with the same bystanders as they just wrote many publications.
And again, they failed.
Ordinarily according to a legislative procedure, bills passed by the Senate only need concurence by the House except when observation was made.
But in the case of the CIFIPN Bill, the people against it fought until the truth won on 19 May, 2021 when the House of Representatives passed the Bill establishment of the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria for Effective Regulation, Registration of Members and Determination of what the Standards Knowledge and Skillers who want to become rigistered members must have and Qualify to Practice as Forensic and Investigative Professionals; and in Related Matters (HB 791)
ICAN has registered their Bill in the House of Representatives titled (REPEALING AND RE-ENACTMENT OF ICANS ACT).
The new Bill of ICAn contains full provision for practising forensic, including the establishment of forensic universities in Nigeria, and without it, nobody will be able to practice forensics in Nigeria, and whoever violated it will enter into prison for some years.
This wants to be strange in an ear in a country with a lot of oepn eyes.
The most important factor is that Nigeria is not a Banana Republic.
no matter the level of corruption in the region.
We are challenging as the House of Representatives passes bill.
It should be noted that, while challenging the bill is not for bad belle, but because we are sure that the purpose of the bill is to stop presidential assents under the disguise that similar legislation had existed.
We are not going to accept deceiving us and Nigerians with wayouts.
You will remember how ICAn open-earned opposition to the CIFIPN and in a pubication sponsored by the Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria led by Engr.(Chief)
Olumuyiwa Alade on 24 May, 2019 made more efforts to tell us that the law enabling ICAN had given it the power to do forensics and pass the CIFIPN Bill would only be used to duplicate law, but today ICAN is presenting a law to include forensics in the new law.
The question is, what has changed?
The same law, which ICAN has directed the public to proceed to forensics, seeks to re-enact it.
As usual, as we do not oppose any group that proposes to include forensics under law, our concern is that one body should not attempt to perpetuate itself.
ICAN and its cohorts have realized inability to stop the passage of CIFIPN.
so they want to have a union for themselves.
They are scared by checks and balances, not wanting another professional body to investigate their activities because they know what they are doing to the economy of this nation.
How do they judge their own cases by themselves?
This sound strange welcomes.
On this note, we call on the National Assembly to beware of the wealth of these groups who are not authorised to speak from both sides of their mouths or are expected to be used by the Cajole National Assembly.
Once again, we want to appreciate the commitment of the 9th Assembly to ensure that the Bill is passed through and Nigerians are aware that the administration is ready to fight corruption by all means and will encourage legislation aimed at helping them to this goal.
We have been so confident that His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari has not had a hesitate to put part in the Bill as soon as he enters its table.
We are calling on Nigerians to participate in Forensic Profession.
The profession is open to all professional people in various fields.
The institute has a training section that guides and equip you.
I want to say a big thank you to all you and also reiterate that we are committed to standing with ethical standards in keeping with their way to do it worldly, offering our professional services, including training that will give us new ways of fighting corruption and crime that is a money matter, generally.
I want to appeal to stakeholders and better Nigerians to support this noble course and to appeal to all of us to make all efforts to bring together corruption, the abundant security challenges, all over the country and other crises that followed it.
Dr (Mrs) Enape Victoria Ayishetu, PhD, Pro-tem President, (CIFIPN) www.cifipn.org
Air peace test flight with new Aircraft E195-E2
Air Peace has begging to test a flight on two new Embraer 195-E2 aircraft as they are taking preparations to begin using.
Daily Trust reports that the two aircraft were the first set among the 13 brands new 195-E2 aircraft bought by the airline to help them route expansion.
A spokesperson of the airline, Stanley Olisa, told newsmen on Friday that one of the aircraft empty from Lagos was flown to Owerri, Abuja and Port Harcourt to make them familiar on Thursday.
Olisa hinted that a test flight to other designations would continue, adding that it would not take longer the plans to start a schedule flight and offer better travel experience to its customers.
He said.
The brand new E195-E2 aircraft, the third, will arrive very soon, said the expansion of their fleet is basically the commitment to satisfying the air travel needs of Nigerians.
During the test flight is a regulatory requirement that has to be coupled before the aircraft are put for regular operation.
It could be recalled that Air Peace colected the two brands new Ultramordern Embraer 195-E2 aircraft with 124 sits in January and March this year, with 11 more collents.
Tela Maize harvests has a potential to give 8 tons in a hectare.
On Tuesday, the Institute of Agricultural Research (IAR), at Ahmadu Bello University Zaria, invited relevant stakeholders, including journalists, to witness the third harvest of the Tela Maize Variety Confined Field Trials (CFT) under its Tela Maize Research Project funded by the Africa Agricultural Technology Foundation (AATF).
The name of the maize varieties TELA is derived from Latin TUTELA which means protection.
Such maize has protection against pests and draught in its breed.
The Principal Investigator, as well as other scientists who rounded the harvest, said the idea of the project was to produce maize varieties that are resistant or protected against two major insect pests: stalk (stem) borers and Fall Army Worms plus another protection against moderate draught.
This is all about producing crops that are high yielding under stressed conditions; the stresses are Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major constraints to maize production; the production of crop that is yielding well under difficult conditions; the stresses are Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major block to maize production.
If it is not controlled, it can cause a loss of up to 80 percent, including drought if you fail to manage rain shortages well, you may not have any yields.
This is the third time I have done this trial.
It was under dry season in March that we did the first trial and during the rainy season, we did another from June to November.
This is the third trial from November to April.
That is what the Principal researcher said was trying to showcase.
With the success of the three CFT trials, researchers will need to test and validate them to show that what was recorded inside research stations is performing well in the farmers field of different locations and ecological conditions as it begins the rainy season of 2021.
By the time 2022 ended, if all thimgs work well, Nigerian farmers would expect all these hybrids to be associated with them.
Dr Muhyideen Ayekunle, a maize breeder under this project said from the two last trials, the transgenic varieties recorded gave 17 percent advantage over the ones who are with no BT despite well infestation.
We have infested the varieties that we are putting in trial three times unlike the previous ones to look at the efficacy of the BT gene in the maize product.
With the outcome, researchers have said the yield would increase by about 17 percent.
Thereafter, we will analyse the data and prepare documents for environmental release approval.
The dossier will be submitted to the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) for review.
Once they gave us the approval that this product, we can show face outside.
and then we will be able to have a national performing trial.
The Director General/CEO of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA), known as Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, at the event, called on the scientists to continue in search of abiotic and biotic solutions to the challenges bedeviling farmers in the country.
We have tested some technologies that are capable of providing solutions to problems facing farmers, taking advantage of them and moving forward, he said.
Dr Rose Maxwell Gidado, the Country Coordinator OFAB Nigeria, said the impact would be very welcoming.
The yield of farmers is said to have increased by 17 percent and you know that productivity and harvest are the reasons for farming.
Once you agreed, you will have plenty of harvest and profit.
She said, By the time this kind of maize will be ready to enter farmers hand, it will increase their livelihood, money, plus the price of maize would come down.
Manchester United fight back to win Aston Villa
Manchester United were fighting back to take Aston Villa 3-1 away in the Premier League on Sunday as Bruno Fernandes, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani scored in the second half to put the celebration of Manchester City for hold.
The result left United on 70 points from 34 games, 10 points behind City who had played one more game than them and missed the chance to win the title on Saturday after Chelsea beat them home 2-1 on Saturday.
Villa was pulled ahead by Bertrand Traore in the 24th minute with a brilliant strike which penetrated the top corner from 15 metres after some weak denfendings of the visitors, with the troway of the ball for their own half several times.
Fernandes equalised in the 52nd minute with penalty, sending the golie to Villa, Emiliano Martinez the wrong way with the spot-kick his coolee, this followed a rough challenge from Douglas Luiz tumbled by Paul Pogba.
Grenwood turned the match on his head four minutes later with an neat shot on the turn from the penalty area after shake off the centre-back Tryone Mings.
Edinson Cavani was a substitute, who sealed a win at United with a goal headed in the 87th minute.
After the story out of Daily Trust, NCC had banned sales and use of mobile phone booster.
The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has placed a ban on the sale and use of GSM network boosters (in mobile connectivity) especially by banks, residents, government agencies, among others to improve telecommunications services.
The Commission issued the 14-day Pre-Enfircement Notice on Tuesday, signed by the Director Public Affairs, Ikechukwu Adinde.
He said the warning would hold effect from Tuesday and as it expires the deadline, NCC said it would commence action against people who do not follow instructions.
This is coming less than a month after Daily Trust on April 24, 2021 that businessmen at Sabon Gari market in Kano plus other business areas said they were buying booster to improve the reception of the adverse telecommunication networks in those areas.
Some of the traders said the service was not good as telecommunication service providers did not do much to improve the services on the benefits they were making in such places.
According to them, many traders and customers are engaging in digital and online financial transaction (data-based cashless services) plus other telecommunication-based services and they are still having poor call/data services.
In the notice, NCC said selling, installing and using GSm booster was illegal.
In the notice, NCC said it is only in place a duty to ensure consumers protection, to ensure quality of service and maintenance of technical standards of communication equipment, and that is in accordance with the provision of section 131 (1) of the Nigerian Communications Act (NCA) 2003.
Such act could lead to sanctions that involve moneyplus/or prison, or the two (fine plus prison) as well as seizure of any equipment used for the illicit enhancement of network coverage.
LG polls: Protest over imposing candidate in APC
Some members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State protested against the party adopted some consensus candidates in some local government areas ahead of the July 24 local government elections in the state.
Top members of the party have announced that the party would adopt consensus candidates in some local government areas and conduct direct and or indirect primary voting to make candidates take emmerge in some.
The protesters who entered into the secretariat of the Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), in Ogun State, were accused some leaders of the APC in Abeokuta South LGA of imposing a candidate for the post Chaiman put for them.
They carried on placards that contained so many items that included We Say No to Money Bags.
in Abeokuta South and
Allow members of the party to pick who they want, and said preferred aspirants are Farouk Akintunde.
One of the party leaders who led the protest walked, Balogun Ololade, urged Gov dapo Abiodun to intervene in the matter of saving democracy from jeopardy.
Between the DSS and secessionists in some regions
As the DSS handed in ear with groups and individuals who spoke and did things that could provoke and disrupt the ethno-religious environment and threaten harmonous co-existence of the majority common folks of the country, it began to sound like someone said until they were forced to leave the deceiving environment.
A lingering question about who or which individuals and groups the security agents were addressing was promptly vapourised for the heated rhetorical outbust of the nations prominent geo-ethnic agitators.
Afenifere, Buharis Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF).
It is clear to us all that this is the group of people who have continued to resort to inciting, unguarded and divisive statements and acts, to set countrys peoples against themselves to put fire of tribal and religious discord, as the DSS charged for one of them warning.
Interestingly, not in the major suspects in the exploitation of some fault lines to cause ethno-religious violence in some parts of the country can categorically distance themselves from the treacherous and subversive activities detected by security agents.
They cited the same conviction that the DSS knew the responsible people; they differed only in the direction of which they were pointed to accusing them.
AS Afenifere said these people know who is responsible for the acts, but they cannot touch them because of the contact they have, PANDEV reiterated about many of them who are running alienated and ACF acting like not aware, asking who the people are?
Since the DSS knew them and they satanic walked, they should take action to deal with them.
The NEF sounded like someone who was not convinced with if there were people pushing the country into deep crises and they knew they should be treated according to the law.
You don't need to be a spook to know what the DSS knows about these flag bearers of geo-ethnic politics in Nigeria or to understand why they all know that the DSS know they yet insist to pass the buck outside their cliques.
The truth is that these ethnic politics champions know no better solution to the problem Nigeria is facing than sectional enclave and chief lording over the rest of the country as rulers, not leaders!
They desperate and unscrupulous to pursue their inordinate ambitions that they are agitating absurdly and frequently to take to break Nigeria up.
Ambition-powered mind games intoxicate their geographical consciousness to reduce all it takes to excising the territorial contours of their enclaves with the frenzied ease of cutting their portion of the remaining crumbs of the proverbial national cake.
To put it simple, to break up or out of Nigeria as an ultimate political panacea or consolatory opportunity to an inordinate ambition of a people or groups that undermine the ambitions of majority wa-zo-bia Nigeria commonly restlessly for enduring peaceful coexistence, it is easy to say and say.
These groups are major blocks to the steady attainment of unity and to live together in peace that Nigeria has been working for since flag of independence.
For the long time they continue to parade the political fields as ethnic champions, it is for the long time that Nigeria will be regarded as an entitlement for the ethnic stake of the population, to be claimed or seized, and if all fail, to deconstruct it and disowne it as a failure state.
Whenever they meet, the agenda is not for Nigeria to progress and develop, unless the leadership is handled firmly, otherwise it is all about hecking and jostling around with barely concealed determination to deploy the notorious Nigerian Ph.d, pull-him-down syndrome against the incumbent non-indigene President.
Whether in ACF, Afenifere, Ohanaeze, PANDEV or Northern Elders Forum, there are existences and activities that will oppose the quest of Nigeria for unity, peace and development.
Another indication that we cannot deny for this regional separatist is that they are all sel-styled political pressure groups that pretend to be representatives of various ethnic groups.
From the membership, it is plain to see that consists of ex-this.
Ironically, these political deficiency give them the ginger to come together, desperately to remain relevant in a democratic system run by elected representatives through registered political parties and legislative and executive institutions established with constitution to take dispense good governance and dividends of democracy.
Only the nasty nuisance value of the geo-ethnic groups in our democratic settings as they continue with mischief, sabotage, blackmail and subversion intended to make Nigeria Ungovernable as they threaten and attempt so that if they are able to regain political relevance plus control.
This is why the frequesnt meeting has been causing security alert!
With such predator-politics who are going around the perimeter of power with dubious intentions and undermining the governor elected just because they are not involved in it, it is beyond reasonable doubt that there is a convergence of interest that links them overt activities and the covert criminality of kidnappers, insurgents, armed robbers, bandits and allied terrorists, combine to make Nigeria un governable.
There is a dual danger to describe the trying situation of the Buhari administration as they have to handle such a nomba of formidable enemy unleashing numerous assaults on national security at the time the economy is facing new difficultities.
To that extent, there can only be two groups of politicians: those who participate with positive minds in the democratic dispensation they partner in moving the country forward against all odds and those with negative minds bringing discord and disorder to distabilise the country.
By what they are saying and doing, we all know them!
At the end of the day, the majority of Nigerians are ordinary citizens conditioned to survive not adhering or depending on where they come from.
They struggle every day to make a living follow submission to the will of one God despite their faiths.
Nigeria is a fatherland that destiny has placed them, and they remain loyal, adhering and praying, because they know that they don't have any othe country to call them own, together demonstrating how citizenship can breed true patriotism.
It is also known that Afenifere, Buharis Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) have been using inciting, unguarded and divisive statements and activities to put citizens against another to set the tribal and religious challenges in the political ambitions of leaders.
The remaining prayers for poor man mouth are:
God Day,
NIGERIA IS BETTER!
Manzo Reuben is youth leader in Lokoja
10 dead as terrorist attempt to attack armed formation
Troops in the Nigerian Army, on Saturday, netralised not less than 10 Boko Haram terrorist members who were to attack troops of Operation Hadin Kai in Rann, headquarters of Kala Balge Local Government Area in Borno State.
This is coming when it is not too long than 24 hours after the Chief of Army Staff who was recently appointed, Maj.-Gen.
Farouk Yahaya entered as leader of the Nigerian Army.
Spokesman of the Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen.
Mohammed Yerima, in a available statement, explained that the terrorist, who came in a large number, put gun trucks on the ground and attempted to infiltrate the main entrance to the town.
Yerima said, The troops of the high spirit are right on hand to counter the move and carry humiliating defeat to the terrorists who abandoned their evil mission and ran.
The troops were chasing the runaway terrorists and ensuring that there were no threats in the city and the people there.
Troops successfully destroyed one of their gun trucks and collected more weapons including one anti-aircraft gun, two machine guns and eight AK-47 rifflr as they neutralised ten terrorists into the process.
Daily Trust reports that Chief of Defence Staff, Gen. Lucky Irabor, on Friday charged the new COAS to build on the legacy of late Attahiru in defeating the terrorist enemies in Northesat and other regions of the country.
Second U.S. congresswoman tested positive to get COVID-19 after the Capitol crisis
Pramila Jayapal, a member of U.S. House of Representatives, said she contacted the Coronavirus (COVID-19) after being locked in the same room with some Republican lawmakers who were not masked during the chaala in the Capitol last week.
I just collected a positive COVID-19 test after being locked down in a secure room in the Capitol where many Republicans were not wicked not to wear mask but colleagues were mocked and staff who offered them mask recklessly, Jayapal said in a post on her official Twitter account.
Earlier on Monday, U.S. Congresswoman Bonnie Watson Coleman said she also contracted COVID-19 with possible exposure during the time of the lockdown in the Capitol on Jan. 6.
Jayapal, a member of the Democratic Party, accused the lawmakers from the Republican of causing COVID-19 spread welfare and called on them to be punished.
Any member who refuses to wear a face mask will be held accountable that it puts our lives in danger because he is self-deamination and being an idiot.
I am calling on every member who refuses to wear a mask in the Capitol to fine them and Sergeant of Arms to remove them from the floor, she said in a Twitter post.
It is not clear if the two congresswomen were in the same room during the lockdown in the Capitol.
Jayapal felt unhappy as U.S. President Donald Trump failed to contain the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and vowed that she would do all for her power to remove her from office.
A 30-year-old man has been arraigned over assault a woman in Edo.
The police arraigned one Gabriel Fidelis, 30 years before Ogbeson chief magistrates court in Benin for allegedly assaulting a woman named Rebecca Izevbigie.
The man was accused of three charges of conspiracy, unlaful assault and malicious damage punishable under sections 516, 355, and 451 of the criminal code.
The prosecutor, Sgt. Kehimde Iyare, told the court that the accused joined other fleeing to commit the offence on April 11, at Estate Quarters, along Benin-Agbor Road, in Benin City.
She further told the court that the accuse, with others who have run assaulted one Rebecca Izevbigie unlawfully by hitting and bitting her.
She added that the accussed also used iron rods to break her in the leg.
She further told the court that on March 31, 2021, the accused intentionally and maliciously damage a wash hand basin of the complainant and the matter was N8,000.
The accused appealed he was not guilty as the counsel Mrs E. E. Idahosaapply for his bail and she said he would not jump bail.
What followed, Chief Magistrate Mutairu Oare granted bail for the accuse in the sum of N100,000 with a person who would stand for him.
He said who stands with him must bring two recent passport photos of himself and that of the accuse.
He ordered the court registrar to verif the information supplied and the place of the surety and adjourn the case to May 10 for hearing.
Why National Assembly cannot impeach Buhari Senator in Oyo
The Senator representing Oyo North Senatorial District Fatai Buhari has said the National Assembly has not seen reasons to take impeach President Muhammadu Buhari.
This was disclosed by the Senator when he paid Salah a visit to a former governor in Oyo State, Rashidi Ladoja, saying that there is a process to take impeach president.
Senator Buhari's submission was coming one day after Senator Yusuf Abubakar (APC Taraba) and Cahir in the Senate committee on a special duty said the removal of President Buhari would not eradicate insecurity in the country.
People have called for President Buhari to resign or impeach him as insecurity in the country.
But Senator Buhari has urged those who want the country to break from creating any problems that are not easy to be solved.
It has a process of taking impeach president.
No one who calls for the impeachment of the president should give sufficient reasons for impeachment.
We have not seen reasins to take impeach the president.
If necessary, we will table and discuss it, and the two houses must come together.
To impeach the president is not just what one will wake up one day and begin to say.
There is a procedure.
Why do you want to cause a problem plus a confusion that you cannot solve?
That is what he asked.
On the security challenges facing the country, the lawmaker said: We have no other country than Nigeria.
Nigeria is our country and home.
Let us try to do internal security.
Let us play our own part; not leave anything to government alone.
We have to put in local police that know all the locations.
No matter how it happens, we know each other.
At the beginning of the 80s, we travelled at nite.
But at the level of insecurity now, something fundamental is missing.
He said the 9th National Assembly had discussed security, more than 59 times.
We have discussed security issues more than 30 times in the 8th Assembly, and this 9th Assembly has also discussed more than 50 times.
Let everyone be vigilant, even if the service chief is changed several times, he will still not solve the security problem, the senator said.
Ranchers support CBN to put restrictions on forex imports of dairy
The Commercial Ranchers Association of Nigeria (CODARAN) has expressed support for the restrictions on foreign exchange for dairy products.
Recall that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circular that passed one year now on companies that have been restricted from foreign exchange to import milk and dairy products.
But at a recent visit to the governor of the CBN, the Director-General of the World Trade Organization (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, said the European Union (EU) has complied against Nigeria over such restrictions.
In a statement signed by Dianabasi Akpainyang, the CORAN, said Nigeria had the potentials of harvesting dairy products that would provide jobs in addition to creating investments in local production of milk.
The CBN governor is right.
Indeed, Nigeria has the potential to meet, plus sustain the dairy requirements.
Akpainyang said that the grounded milk for collection and processing is not near that figure for now, but he noted that since it is likely, it is necessary for everyone to put foot on fire to seek that the development of the local dairy sector is urgent.
Citing a report issued by the CBN that Nigeria spends $1.5 billion yearly on importing dairy products, he said the figure would increase as demand for dairy products is on the increase.
He also mentioned issues like poor productivity of local cattle, cattle nutrition, animal disease management system, as they lack better organised systems for take of colour milk, as they lack of finance, insecurity, poor infrastructure, insufficient extension services, inadequate processing and storage facilities, low investment in research and development and lack of modern technology as they are the major challenges facing the sector.
However, he said the Advancing Local Dairy Development in Nigeria (ALDDN) programme presently run in the four states Adamawa, Kaduna, Kano and Plateau have been tacking the problem.
PDP frowns face as APC claims registration of 2.5m in Lagos
Uproar was following as the All Progressives Congress (APC) has disclosed that there are registered 2.5m members in Lagos for nationwide and revalidation exercise.
Chaiman of the APC Registration Supervisory Committee in Lagos, Dr. Muhammad Bashiru, said at the closing of recommendation letter to the supervisor that about 2.5 million have been registered in the 20 local government areas in the state.
But the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the leading opposition party, has described the figure as false and fake.
The PDP said APC has a habit of cooking figures to make people believe they are popular.
The PDP spokesman, Taofik Gani, in a chat with Daily Trust described the APC as a party being liars full, saying the party was no longer popular in the state.
This is not the first time I am carrying up figures that are not true.
Even in the last election, the total number of votes the APC had was around 600,000.
He said the claim of 2,5 million is false and fake.
Our correspondent reports that APC candidate Babajide Sanwo-Olu won the governorship election in 2019 with 739,445 votes while President Muhammadu Buhari had 580,825 votes in the presidential election.
The state Chairman of National Conscience Party (NCP), Comrade Bayo Ogunleye, has described the claim by the APC as the greatest lie in the century.
But APC Spokesman Seye Oladejo told our correspondent that the party would prove its nomine in the local government election coming on July 24.
FG says Geographical Indication will promote diversification of the economy
The Federal Government stressed that Geographical Indications (GIs) will help in promoting diversification of the economy and also support participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, who is Sabo Nanono said this in the capacity building workshop on GIs for the public sector/policymakers in Nigeria in Abuja.
Nanono, represented by the Deputy Director of Irrigation and Crop Development, Hajia Sugra Mahmood, noted that if the initiative was welcomed, it would support the preservation of the biological diversity of the country who is facing existential threats as an effect of climate change and the attendant destruction of the environment.
Speaking, he can assist in commercializing the product of food culture and other culture and enable actors of the value chain to benefit from commercialization, especially for women and youths in rural areas who are mainly involved in the production of the products.
Therefore, these workshops happen at a crucial moment when this administration works tirelessly to diversify the economy away from hydrocabons by other sectors like agriculture, manufacturing, mining tourism etc.
Such initiatives that are promoting GIs will help to fast track the process for diversification of the economy and also support our participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area and also globally.
Gis could also cause a revive economy in the rural area as we have seen it happen in the case of some products properly brands such as Ofada rice, kilishi, Dudu Osun, etc.
It will also make it the documathonation of our indigenous knowledge which is sad by losing over time.
The current administration is ready to partner with all the stakeholders as relevant both local and foreign in a bid to preserve the natural and bio-cultural endowment in the country amd also exploited it to strengthen the resilience of the economy in order to provide a decent livelyhood for all Nigerians, as it stated.
Earlier, the Minister of Satte Industry, Trade and Investment, Haija Mariam Katagum, in her welcoming address said the workshop was designed to specifically train the public sector and policymakers in Nigeria, with a view to examine how it is possible to adopt Geographical Indication (Gis) legislation and policy into industrial property and agriculture landscape in Nigeria.
She said, We cannot avoid as the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) came into effect, setting responsibility on decision making persons to begin making statements about updateing legislation on industrial property.
President of Israel held calls for a new govt
President of Israel Reuven Rivlin is preparing to talk with top political players on how to take a government form after caretaker Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu failed to do it after elections for a match were not conclusive.
According to Rivlins office, talks with Naftali Bennett of the Yamina party and former opposition leader Yair Lapid of the Yesh Atid (Future) party were scheduled for Wed Wednesday morning.
The head of state also invited representatives of the other parties being represented in parliament to present positions on the progress of the process to take government form.
The deadline for Natanyahu who is a right-winger to form a governing coalition was lastly nitted.
This means that the camp of opponents to Netanyahu are facing a chance to end the era of the 71-year-old as heaf of government.
Whether they are going to succeed, however, it is still open.
New elections are still not out of the question as Israel is still in political crisis.
Netanyahu will remain as the head of the interim government as time goes.
He has been in office for 12 years continuously and is the longest serving head of government in Israeli history.
The trial has been on him for corrupt, and he has rejected all accuses against him.
It is expected that Rilvin appoint Lapid as the opposition leader to form the head of the government.
His party is a political centre; at the end of a match, it has become the second-strongest force in the forth parliamentary election in within two years.
Rivlin can also give the mandate to the Knesset.
In this case, each member of the parliament can try to seize the support of 61 of the 120 members withimg 21 days.
Ganduje frees 123 prisoners in eid-el-Fitri
Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano has granted freedom to 123 prison inmates across the state.
Ganduje who witnessed the release of inmates from Goron Dutse Prison on Thursday said the gesture was in the spirit of Eid-El Fitr celebration.
He said only how massive the offences were carried out in addition to the signs of reformation when they were in jail, they selected people.
The governor said he decided to show in the prison to inform the immate that the government of the state knows its existence and is seen as citizens of the state.
Ganduje said the gesture was to compliment the Federal Government effort to further reduce as people take time for national prisons.
He advised the former immate to change their attitude to life and pray for peace and stability in Nigeria.
The governor also gave 5,000 to each of the immate he was free to take up to his destination.
Earlier, the comptroller of prisons in Kano, Suleiman Suleiman, thanked the governor for freeing thousands of immate since assuming office.
Suleiman advised the immate freed to abstain from crime to avoid coming back to prison.
Ganduje visited a remand home too plus childrens home in Kano as part of his wrong celebration.
Korda breaks through at Parma clay
On the eve of Roland Garos, Sebastian Korda, a 20-year-old American hit a career breakthrough by beating Italian Marco Cecchinato 6-2, 6-4, in Parma for a first title.
Korda was the son of a former world.
No2 and Australian Open Winner Petr Korda who was yet to enter the ATP tour final before the event in Parma, has not won consecutive matches on clay.
Cecchinato, who won all his three titles on clay, comes from Brescia, 90 kilometres from Parma.
The fans who were allowed to enter the event for the first time were supporting the local boy.
Today I played a tough opponent and the not easy, said Korda.
He was continually cheering on, but I am proud of myself.
and how I handle it.
Although his father is from Czech, Sebastian Korda, who was born in Florida decided to represent the US.
The victory made it the first player from America to win a clay court tournament since Sam Querrey in Belgrade after 11 years.
This is something that has been in my dream,said Korda, adding that he had expected to win the title soon as he named an event in Florida in January.
I was really thingk to do it at Delray Beach, and it broke my heart a little.
What should not be wear in public: Negating Nigeria's multiculturalism
By Bashir Ibrahim Hassan
Is it a pur coincidence that, as a problem has smelled in Kwara state recently, is it considered a solution to it in the lower House in the National Assembly on the capital territory Abuja?
The trouble in Ilorin was as the refuse of some Christian faith schools to allow Muslim students to wear their hijabs to school.
The solution to this predicament is the debate on Religious Discrimination (Prohibition, Prevention)
RDPP Bill, 2021, ridicule Hijab Bill in a section of media in Nigeria
both events are spark heated arguments and often emotional debate which, at the bottom of everything, threaten to negate multicultural identity and reality of Nigeria.
The whole idea fpr Kwara of the proprietor of schools as the ban on Muslim students to wear their hijabs and sympathisers could be reduced to what they ought not to wear in public.
This was another major part of the concern of the RDPP Bill before the House of Representatives the humiliation and denial of opportunities.
What females in Nigeria face because of their public wear
It is clear that the former clearly breached the fundamental human rights of the Muslim students to take expressed faith without discrimination; even if the school could have defence or taking such position.
The latter try to assert this right not only for Muslims but also for Christians whenever or whenever they are threatened with discrimination because of the fauths they expressed.
Running through the argument owned by the proprietor of Christian faith schools in Kwara, is easy for one to understand the pragmatic appeal of the argument that Muslim children should go to other schools before other pleces if they do not want to conform.
The problems that die arguments have many.
First, calling on Muslim students to go elsewhere unless they agree to the rule of the school on uniforms they do very little to promote inclusiveness, which is the bedrock of our multicultural and multi-religious society.
Secondly, the position is asking moral question: can we justify to base rule in school on the Christian majority of the school?
Then, the third one, the argument or elsewhere appears to have ignored the difficulties in changing school for a child.
Its inconvenience is enormous.
As they change schools for their children, education psychology will tell you that they interfere negatively with not only emotional but academic development as well.
Finally, the Christian faith school by achieving the risk of what is called ghettorization by concentrating students with the same religious belief in particular schools.
The social cost of this thing is the plebty of society.
The Commissioner of Education, Kemi Adeosun, argued, while press briefing, that the government was convinced that policies allowing willing Muslim schoolgirls to wear their hijabs in public schools would lead to sustainable peace and communal harmony built on mutual respect and understanding.
Within a country that guarantee freedom of religion and signs the declaration of international Human Rights, the basic question to ask is: how justifiable is to deny children in Nigeria access to schools of their choice on the basis of their religions?
Nigeria is a signatory to the Universal Declaration on Human Rights (UDHR).
The UDHR insists that all human beings are free and equal, that they colour, creed or religion does not matter.
It contains 30 articles on rights and freedom which include, among others, such as the rif=ght to life, free speech and privacy.
It includes economic, social and cultural rights, such as the right to health and education.
I see article 18 and 26 of UDHR very relevant to the issue for consideration and we quoted them in full below:
Everyone has the freedom to thimg or believe what they want, including a religious belief.
We have a right to change our belief or religion anytime, and the right to practice our religion in public pr private, alone or with others.
Everyone must have a right to education.
Primary school should be free.
We should be able to continue our studies as far as we have the wish.
In school we should be helped develop our talents and be taught how to respect all human rights.
They should also teach us how to get in contact with others whatever ethnicity, religion, or country they come from.
Our parents have a right to choose which school we are going to.
All these types of laws are the instrument that gives Muslim women like Ilhan Omar the equality to sit in the House of Representatives in the US and still wear Hijab without being molested or discriminated.
Ilhan Abdullahi Umarna, an American politician serving in the U.S. Representative for the 5th congregation of Minnesota District since 2019.
The bill was sponsored by the Deputy Chairman of the House of Representatives Committee on Finance matters, which represented the Bida/Gbako/Katcha Federal Constituency in Niger State.
Saidu Musa Abdullahi
The bill provides for addressing discriminatory conduct, including prohibition of discrimination on religious issues when it concerns with giving people work and the terms and conditions thereof.
It will stop qualifying and professional collaborations, education institutions, employment engers and other sectors from discriminating against individuals, students or personnel based on religion or the manifestation.
When passed, the law will bury issues such as what we saw in Kwara for good; when passed, the law will bury issues such as what we saw in Kwara patapata.
He will also address the bigot behaviour of executive taking their prejudice into public office and allow it to cover their sense of judgement.
The law should be welcomed.
After all, it is only to expand and expatiate the provisions contained in the Nigerian constitution and in UDHR documents as stipulated above.
It followed line with similar laws passed in the country to tackle social wahal and cultural practices injury the law prohibiting violence against people and disability law (VAPP).
While disability is trying to eradicate any discrimination facing people with disability, VAPP is facing domestic plus other gender violence in the country.
One by one, people who represent us in the legislative chamber have been using legal instrument to tackle all social challenges facing our country.
All these social roughnesses are addressed not as the existence of a law before they are addressed, but they intend to bring together everything in order to ensure that there is no end.
While it seems that roads are still far away in UDHR, and there is no instrument to enforce it, the RDPP law and other similar laws are in place to carry punishments to offenders.
In contrast to the view of critics, as far as the RDPP Bill is concerned, there is no evidence that they want to put a state of religion on any state that can domesticate the law.
It does not go against Section 10 of the Constitution of Nigeria that supports that the Government of the Federation or in State cannot adopt any religion as a State religion.
To push the argument, because the bill calls for the general public to respect the rights of women who are Muslims who wear Hijab in public place, that is to only quench Islamaphobia.
For the final analysis, it is going against our multi-ultural pretenses to deny any Nigerian be it male or female religious freedom.
It is against equality, and basic human rights as it takes on in a constitution of Nigeria and the legal document of the Universal Declaration of Human Rghts.
A bill to make such decimation on religion become a criminal, such as the RDPP bill will be welcomed nod.
It writes from Abuja Bashir.
President of Nigeria, Niger Issoufou, win N1.95bn leadership price in Africa
It was announced as the President of Niger, Mahamadou Issoufou, a winner of $5m (N1.905bn) in 2020.
Ibrahim prize for African leadership.
Issoufou served two terms of five years each as president from 2011 to 2020.
Former interior minister, Mohamed Bazoum will enter office after he won a presidential election last month.
The awarding committee praised the leadership of the Niger President after he met the economy among the poorest in the world.
He said he generated economic growth, expressed commitment to regional stability and the constitution, and his champion democracy in Africa.
Mr Issoufou is the nomba six who collects the Ibrahim Prize.
He has sent a tweet that the price honoured everyone in Nigeria.
I see this award as ecncouragement to take continued to thingk and act in a way that it will promote democracy values and better governance, not alone in Niger but in Africa and the world, as it said.
Prize earlier were Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia (2017), President Hifikepunge Pohamba of Namibia (2014), President Pedro Pires of Cabo Verde (2011), President Festus Mogae of Botswana (2008) and President Joaquim Chissano of Mozambique (2007).
KEDCO has a taskforce to enforce collection, and are checking who bypasses a meter.
The managers of Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) have formed a taskforce to ensure electricity payments.
In a staement given to Ibrahim Sani Shawai, who is the head of Corporate Communication, KEDCO, the taskforce has been given power to ensure that all of them are now in arrears including those currently used to help KEDCO to consolidate on the various reforms to improve power supply.
The taskforce is also to check issues of bypass of meters, illegal connections, steal of energy and other forms of sabotage.
In this regard, anybody who is seen to be sabotaged in any way will be treated according to the law.
We are appealing to our customers to open eye for all our intallations and to ensure they are protected from vandals.
We assure all our customers that our initiative to give meters to quench estimated billing and to give customers the opportunity to pay for what they are using is still ongoing, the statement said.
IBEDC brushes to retailers under powerline
The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has warned against selling the market under high-tension wire to avoid badness.
Engr John Ayodele, Chief Operating Officer (COO), charged the backdrop of the increasing traditional activities in high-tension wire.
In Oshogbo, Osun State capital, mechanic shops, block industry, car wash shops, POS shops and smallsmall trading are common things that we see under high-tension wire along Power Line and Ring road.
Engr Ayodele, residents, have appealed to take safety precautions very important and advised sellers under high-tension wire to move to safe locations.
He also pleaded with residents not to call people who are incapable of repairing lights and assured that technical crew at IBEDC would be available to rectify any coming faults.
He cautioned that people who have a habit of harassing IBEDC staff when doing these duties as the law called for it to stop, saying that IBEDC would explore all available legal options to seek redress if any of its staff were harassed.
It is also necessary to take other safety precautions, such as supervise childrens important, to avoid electricity accidents, he said.
10 newborn children died in fire incidents in Indian hospital
Ten new children died on Saturday in a fire at a state-running hospital in western Idia, officials said.
17 new children were in the unit where children were infested when the fire broke early Saturday at the Bhandara District General Hospital in Maharashtra State.
Seven new children died as smoke choke, and three died as a result of a burnt fire, Maharashtra health minister Rajesh Tope told reporters.
Nurses, ward staff rescued seven babies
The age of all the new children is from a few days to three months, said Prashant Uike, a health district official in Bhandara.
The government has ordered to probe in the incident and to carry out safety audits in units caring for new children in the country.
Initial reports indicate that the fire may have happened as a result of one of the short circuits in one of the incubators, Tope said.
The staff said a large number of black smoke filled the ward quickly, adding by the minister.
A legal requirement has been waivered after-mortem and the children have been taken to their bodies to the family, Tope said.
The family of the victim will be compensated for 500,000 rupees ($6,814) for each family.
Police pursue newspaper sellers over alleged report on IPOB
Police harass newsmen and readers in Abia State.
Daily Trust reports that the police from the Aba Area Command have since weekend been arresting journalists and readers concerning reports on the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Resident said there was fear of the Ama-Ogbonna Junction in the commercial city when the police raided the place on Sunday.
A source, who accused the incident, said residents were run to safety, while police officers were shooting sporadically, trying to arrest journalists and readers.
People accused of selling newspapers that carried on the story containing the sit-at-home order issued by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Dr Elendu Ukoh, who the matter occurred in his eyes, appealed to the state government and Igbo leaders to call on the police authority to call on people to avoid causing problems in the city.
The kind of people we are putting in police makes me wonder that we want anything good to from this country.
How will anyone pursue the sellers of newspapers in Aba, into the mordrn world?
If you stop people from reading a hard copy of a newspaper, would you still stop them from reading the same stories on Facebook, Twitter, WhatsApp, Telegram, among others?
What kind of old police style is this?
Panic was caused on Sunday as shooting as well as noise.
The whole neighbourhood thats how the kidnappers are chased.
It was learnt that a vendor and reporter, who was gathered at his newspaper stand, was arrested.
How will the police go along with the sellers of newspaper battles?
Which kind of problem paper can cause that social media cannot cause time 20.
He said: This people are not normal.
Another resident, Micheal Anorue, said almost all the sellers of the newspaper he visited in Aba.
are empty on Tuesday.
We heard in speeches on Saturday and Sunday that the newspapers carried on a story relating to the sit-at-home order on the taken honour of heroes in the Biafra matter, and my question is, what is wrong with it?
Early political leaders in the South East, reminded these reckless police officers that Biafra was bigger than IPOB, the better for them.
Did the proscribed IPOB mean that Biafra was also proscribed?
We are all Biafra people.
On the 30th of May, the World Igbo Congress (WIC) held a zoom conversation, discussing the fallen heroes of Biafra.
Why did the police not go to Youtube, Zoom and other social media carrying the matter in air?
All they do is to come on the street and make unnecessary troubles.
I wish the leader of Igboland would warn these reckless police officers against allowing the incident in Imo State to enter Aba, because it will make it worse for everyone.
The Abia State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), SP Geoffrey Ogbonna, denied the arrest of journalists and readers by the police.
NAMA frowns face as air traffic controller lamentes poor tools
Air Traffic Controllers (ATC) in Nigeria on Sunday cryed out concerning the dilapitated navigational equipment on most airports in the country.
The ATCs under the National Air Traffic Controllers Association (NATCA) said the situation is a threat to air safety.
It was also revealed that the International Airport in Kaduna has a control tower that can help aircraft to navigate without problems.
Yomi Agoro, President of the NATCA or a chat with newsmen at the weekend, to say the thing at Kaduna airport is a watchroom used by other aviation personnel, not a control tower located only for air traffic controllers.
He also said other airports in the country do not have the equipment necessary to take navigation without problems.
He explained that some airports don't even have functional equipment.
Even Kaduna has no control tower.
What they are using there is a watch room (in the firefighters), and it was not the purpose it was built for, and we have been calling on government to do somethimg.
We enter Sokoto, if rainfall, the controller will carry an umbrella to sit at the control tower, and what happens, some of the control tower attached to the terminal building have been seed to FAAN, while the one standing alone is with NAMA, but we have gone through the two organisations.
We all still follow terrestial radio frequency fight, communication here and there.
Calabar is there; no airport you can go today that you can say is working up to 80 per cent.
NAMA has employed and trained 40 new controllers recently, but NATCA said the nomba was too low to meet the shortfall.
However, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), Capt Fola Akinkuotu, told Daily Trust that the claims were not true.
He said the federal government had invested huge investments to improve navigational aids and to help safe flight operations.
It is mere politics, he said, is ordinary politics.
The government has spent much not too long to improve aviation infrastructure.
I'm not just saying this thing because I am a MD in NAMA.
If you want to hear the true story, my suggestions are that, ask people on the street, ask people at NAMA, they will tell you, they have never seen enough of this under this adminitration.
It is very painful that people will talk like this.
There is no Category Three (CAT3), this government has put two on the ground, while another two are still coming.
Govts spend N1.7bn on mobile control tower
Also ongoing is the revitalisation of the safe tower.
The TRACON (Total Radar Coverage of Nigeria) system has been reconstructed.
Other sectors must jealous us.
E-commerce in Nigeria: Legal frameworks, challenges and prospect
E-commerce is referring to the use of communication technology especially the internet to buy, sell and market goods and services to customers.
The internet has brought fundamental shifts into economies that are not close to each other because of brier into ross-border trade and investment, which distance, time zone and language and national government regulation different.
E-commerce fosters direct access to neighbouring markets and promotes globalisation and commercial activities in addition to distinction between domestic and foreign companies to the extent that it will not be feasible to know where the product comes from.
E-commerce is not limited to buying of products alone, it includes e-mail, including other communication platforms, all the information or services the company can offer customers on the net, from pre-purchase information to after-service and support.
The major significance of its commerce is in the fact that it encourages a system of trading a single world that accesses through electronic means to getting goods and services is facilitated from different parts of the world.
Most of the statue on the ground in Nigeria are laging behind towards the development and growth of e-commerce in particular and the entire ICT.
In Nigeria, several legal researches and studies have been conducted.
It was also in the study that a large number of opinions were that the legal system in Nigeria is behind legislation involving in ICT and that the existing statutory laws were not adequate to address some of the legal issues affected by e-commerce.
These issues include electronic evidence cybercrimes, security and data production, e-payment system and inevitably trans-border issues, among others.
Therefore, there is the need to bring out appropriate legal and regulatory measures to govern the recent regime.
It has been repeated that in Nigeria, significant efforts to take regulate e-commerce-related activities remain in the stage of Sraft Bill before the National Assembly.
It is important to know that, even where this bill is passed into law, Nigeria can still face a new legal issue in the area that will call for legislative interventions.
With the speed the internet operates on commercial transaction in Nigeria, especially within the banking and communication sectors of the economy, the best they can suggest is that the legal issues and problems confronting e-commerce presently in the country should be addressed directly and espeditiously, in the interest of the teeming population of Nigerian customers.
To this, the National Assembly should be pressured to pass bill concerning electronic commerce as top priority in order to enact them into law as soon as possible.
For a short period, our courts should take a giant step to interpret the traditional laws that are on the grounds in a liberal way to take cuts into the gaps in order to make the laws ammend to electronic transaction, in the emerging trends of this information age.
Indeed, they argued that legislation is not the only means for electronic transaction and attendant documentation to be legal.
The courts can also adapt to recognize electronic transaction in the absence of a legislation or a private contract.
As former Justice Bungham earlier said: The common law is in the hands of judges the same facility [as law merchant them] to adapt to the needs of the general public, principle is not alter, but old rules to apply the change, and new rules will begin to exist.
We hope that the government will adopt this activism of Nigerian judges in judiciary, Supreme Court judges also involve, expexially in areas where our existing legislation is grossly inadequate, comprehensive or elaborate enough to address legal challenges in new technological advancements.
This will set better precedences to ensure e-commerce consumers have protection, to bring investors and bring economic development plus stability into the country.
The whole issue of a contract in e-commerce is documentation and signature.
The provision is in section 4 of the statute of Fraud, 1677 or Lagos State Law Reform (Contract) Law and our various statute on real property and landed instrumentes, all of which require certain contracts write and execute them duly.
The question is now that does electronic sign-off constitute a valid sign-off contract by email or by binding?
Many of these issues have not been settled even in the UK although some decisions are favourable toward interpreting electronic signature.
So marks in e-mails that satisfy the traditional requirement of writing and due execusion.
E-commerce transaction is an transaction that does not involve paper being done through magnetic materials like tapes or disks.
This is a contradiction to the transaction when it is made in paper that is embodied in permanent form and typically expressed in words and figures using signature authenticate.
Such transactions are not allowed to be altered without the modification of the document.
As concerned signature, the provision inide section 93 (2)(3), evidence act 2011, electronic signature relating to data messages will conveniently satisfy any requirement for hand signing signature as long as sufficient to identify an electronic record to the person.
The provision in article 7 of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) model law for e-commerce 1996 is equally trited on this issue.
Thus, for the purpose of establishing proof of electronic signatures.
Use of passwords, identification, user names etc can be sufficient.
Hence one can safely say electronic signature for the purpose of execution is admissible for evidence provided that it is certificated and incorporated in electronic communication during any e-transaction.
Also, other legal challenges affected by e-commerce include the formation of contracts.
The elements for better formation of contract include offer, acceptance, consideration, intention to enter into legal relationship.
The question is, at what point can they make an offer with regard to electronic business transaction or now to differentiate between invitation to treat and offer electronic transaction, at what point can we say they have intention to enter legal relations?
E-commerce requires confidence and trust the satisfaction of transmitting orders or invoices doesnt matter and it comes from whoever it appears to come from.
There is a need to guarantee concerning the level of privacy/confidenciality in information matter.
Lastly, the alarming rate of cybercrime in Nigeria, plus a high level of illiterate.
There is no doubt that electronic transaction is an aspect of commercial transaction in Nigeria and it is now to stay at this time.
Let the government pass to making laws, activate them as they take on the electronic platform for commercial interaction and for delivery of government services.
You can reach Abanikanda Happiness Wuraola via Twitter
Chad passes new chartes by Debys son president
Chad passed a charter which declared Mahamat Idris Deby as president, despite rumours on social media that he is dead.
Mahamat had taken over to replace his father, Idriss deby who was killed this week.
The charter said the 37-year-old, who is a son to late war veteran, was quickly named transitional leader on Tuesday as the head of a military council after his father's death, would work as president of the republic and heads of the armed forces.
The charter repeal the preceding constitution and shall be implemented as the basic law of the republic, according to the Temrs thereof.
The young Deby was also named as the supreme head of armed forces, according to him.
Deby son had overseeed the security of his father when he was the head of the elite presidential guard and often appeared along with his father.
The best known Mahamat Deby is as the top commander of the forces in Chad helping United Nations peacekeeping mission in the restive north of neighbouring Mali.
He signed a decree on Tuesday as he set out a military council with 15 generals, including himself and 14 others known to be loyal to late president.
The task was given to the council to move into free and democratic elections withim 18 months.
Mahamat Idris Deby is the chairman of the military transition council, the council of ministers, the council of superior committees of national defence, as stipulated by the charter.
The new head of state will then declare a legislation adopted by the 69 members of the national transition council, directly named by Mahamat.
The Transition Charter contains 95 articles, which also guarantee freedom of opinion, conscience plus worship.
A transition government has been set, whose members will be named by the new president.
The charter stipulates that all members of the army who are called to the transitional government are liberated from all military works.
Law in Chad
The leader who was killed, who ruled with strong hands for lmost 30 years, was given to wounds when he visited battlefield where Chad soldiers were fighting rebel groups in the north, the military announced on Tuesday.
Calling for calm, the army also announced a curfew at 6pm and closed the borders for the country, suspending the constitution and dissolving the National Assembly.
However, a political opposition in Chad had rejected the armed appointment of President Idris deby's son to take over fter his father's death.
Experts say under the law in Chad, the speaker of parliament should have collected power after Debys death, not his son.
What the constitution stipulates is that if the president is dead then the speaker of the parliament will take charge of the country for 40 days in order to put transition in place until the elections are carried out, Hiba Morgan, in Al Jazeera, reports from the capital, Ndjamena in ealy Tuesday.
[But] The military announced the dissolve of the legislative assembly and the dissolve of the constitution so that the constitution should be replaced with a set of rules.
Chelsea points could be pulled out after the brawl with Leicester
Chelsea face a deduction of points from the FA in the team as they failed to control the players, Mirror reports.
Within seven years, the team has been caught to show warm temper to opponents seven times.
The recent brawl in a match on Tuesday night Leicester marked the seven encounter Chelsea had with Premier League teams.
It was a catakata marking the match held last weekend between Chelsea and Leicester among players of both teams.
With the same kind of offence in the past, the FA decided to punish Chelsea.
Leicester were also facing charges for roles in the brawl involving players and coaches as Ricardo Pereira challenged Ben Chilwell.
In 2016, Chelsea were also charged for indiscipline to warn them, after appealing against a 375,000 dollar fine on the part they played in a burst-up during a match against Tottenham.
If it affected them, the points out there would very well affect them season as they entered into final campaigns to spot in the top four.
US Africom in Nigeria?Heck No!
Overpaid, oversexed and over here
That was the resentful and contemptuous opinion of many British people for the thousands of American GIs stationed in several military bases for Britain during the Second World War.
The gom-chewing, brash, hard-drinking and womanising soldiers from America comedey often got into a pub fight and a dangerous knife fight which occasioned bad feelings at the yanks among the locals.
And this has been the pattern that American soldiers behave everywhere for the hundreds of American military bases oversea from Okinawa in Japan, Stuttgart in Germany, Incirlik and Diyarbakir in Turkey and Pampanga in Philippines.
This is why I am upset, like many Nigerians, that at a virtual meeting last week with the Secretary of State of the United States of America, Antony Blinken, was that President Buhari asked the United States to consider relocating the African Command (Africom) of his military in Stuttgart in the southern German city of presently coming to Africa.
We are thinging that with this call, President Buhari is making way for Nigeria to host Africa.
First, it was a breach of a protocol for President Buhari to do that meeting with the American Secretary of State.
The meeting was expected to be held with Blinken's Nigerian opposition number Geoffrey Onyeama, who followed the detailed meetings with the president.
Yes, America is a superpower and all, but a protocol is a protocol and it should be strictly followed under every circumstance.
We understand Nigeria is facing a tremendous internal security challenge which seems to have gone beyond the best efforts made by governments and security establishments in the country to tackle it.
Terrorist insurgency that is not tired in the North East banditry, kidnapping in the North West, farmers/herders clashes across the country and targeting and killing security and law enforcement personnel and other Nigerians plus the destruction of institutional buildings in the South East, they join as the ravaging cocktail of insecurity that has ravaged the country.
But even at that, the call to host Africom on Nigerias siol when we consider me against various issues and implications of this move to Nigeria difficult to justify.
Africom is one amng nine of such commands established by the American military to serve American strategic interest around the world.
By their rule and mode of operation, these commands, those outside America like Africom, were not primarily set up to concern with security and law enforcement issues in their areas of coverage.
They do so only when such issues affect the interests of America directly in the area and in such situations, they are not mandated to yield them modus operandi and share intelligence with the local security and law enforcement agencies.
If Africom is set up for Nigeria for instance, it will be an Island on its ownas it will restrict access to Nigerians of all categories and establishing a jurisdiction withim the teritorial area of the basis that will be virtually off limit to Nigerian security and law enforcement agencies.
As has always happened with an American military base outside America, Africom will be a forward operating base for disruptive intelligence operations and source for act of sabotage and destabilisation against host countries.
In this particular case of Africom, part of its original concept is to control as the strategic influence of Nigeria is growing in West Africa and Africa as we have successful peace enforcement efforts in Liberia and Sierra Leone and our better record of peace keeping around the world.
The first of Africom was the Africa Crisis Response Initiative (ACRI) set up by the Clinton administration to counter the strategic interests of Nigeria in Africa.
The Secretary of State for President Clinton, the dour-faced California attorney, Warren Christopher, secretly visited a number of African countries to sell the idea.
But because Nigeria is the target, he pointedly ousted it from its itinerary.
Senegal, not far from Liberia and Sierra Leone, should be the coordinating base of the ACRI and although it was seen initiative to facilitate assistance of America to African humanitarian issues, its secret protocols were mistaken in military and strategically target Nigeria.
Due mainly to undisguised hostility to the idea from France, which was averse to see the Americans trying to butt into an area it considers its exclusive sphere of influence, they review the concept of the ACRI.
In the review, drawing the expertise of American Military, intelligence, political and academic personalities and institutions brought by the American Congress during secret sessions, the Americans consider and realise the need to set up an African command to add to the other commands that have already been on and cover other continents in the world.
Thus, following the reccomendation of experts that gathered, which formed all angles of political and security establishments in America, the Bush Junior administration set Africom up with a wider mandate of containing Nigeria but also keeping eye on the strategic penetration of Chinese people in Africa.
The US Central Command (USCENTCOM) is to the Middle East and Asia, hence Africom will be to Africa, as its base is in Florida, European Command (EUCOM), as its base is in Stuttgart, Germany, is to Europe and Southern Command (SOUTHCOM), also based in Florida, is to Latin America and the Caribbean.
The presence of a French military surrounded Nigeria already as they were in Niger, Cameroun, Chad and Benin.
The Americans also have a drone base in Niger.
Adding Africom to the mix in Nigeria will amount to a complete capitulation of our strategic interest to both France and America.
While minding that our strategic interests plus profile in Africa did not always follow with the one in France and America, hosting Africom in Nigeria would be the same thing as allowing Wolfs to go into chickens cage.
There is nothing in the insecurity cahllenge facing a country with which our armed forces cannot cope.
This comes after the military force that eventually secured Liberia and Seirra Leone against an army of insurgents that were well-entrenched and organised in the country from a long logistical supply line thousands of miles; the army of Joshua Dogonyaro, Victor Malu and Maxwell Khobe, to mention few of the many gallant Nigerian soldiers who distinguished themselves in the operation.
It is regretable that the Nigerian military, had fallen from the high standard identified as they are struggling now to cope with the activities of non-state actors internally.
But intrinsically and essentially, the Nigerian military still carries the capacity and capacity to defeat this threat to our nationl security if they have the right leadership, doctrine plus motivation.
We need all the assistance and cooperation the American people can give us if they want to give us.
But like they had held us in hand to host Africom with our circumstances in view of his antecedent and implication to our strategic interest, on our soil.
Despite facing a challenge, Plateau targeted 7m metric tons of Irish potato.
In Nigeria, Plateau State is a nomba for cultivation of Irish potato as it is produced in nine of the 17 local government areas of the state.
The Potato Value Chain Support Project of the African Development Bank (AfDB) initiative has taken to Plateau as states compelling 90 per cent of the potato production in the country as countries like Chad, Ghana, Niger, Benin and other countries have large supply of potato from Nigeria.
The large potato production in Plateau State, according to PotatoPRO.com, a leading source of informate in the global potato industry, has made Nigeria the nomba four major countries in sub-sahara Africa.
However, farmers said that there were little damages and downsides of road networks, including the cost of fertilizer and other farming input continued to stand as a major setback for the production of potatoes within the nation and to export.
Other challenges contributing to low yield and loss of harvest to the potato value chain include diseases like blight and bacterial wilderness, as well as poor seedlings.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State is among the ten poorest states in Nigeria with the poverty rate above 70%.
However, the state has a comparative advange to take boost economic activities by improving the competitiveness of the potato commodity value chain.
The project Coordinator of the Potato value Chain Support Project, Thomas Muopshin, said though the visibility of the tuber crop is evident in nine local government areas in Plateau, Na Bokkos and Mangu LGAs are the hub of potato.
They produce potato more than any LGA for the country.
However, Muopshin said adaptability research indicated that the remaining eight LGAs in the state can also be planted potato, thereby make all the 17 LGAs in Plateau to produce tuber, especially during dry season.
However, the Association of Potato Farmers (APF) in the state, said unless the challenges facing the value chain were addressed, increased production and export of potato would continue to transcend the national.
Chairman of APF in Plateau State, Lazarus Makut, in an interview with Daily Trust, said the inadequate small dam, especially in remote areas where potato was planted, and the adverse road plus high cost of farm input continued to affect potato output.
He said the cost of mechanised farming that can quickly increase production has become expensive as the majority of farmers are small-scale producers who are unable to afford mechanization.
Another farmer, Martha Mamgup, who planted potatoe in Ampang town in Mangu LGA, said less than water during dry season affected potato farmers and harvests were low every year.
Because of this, she said, The majority of farmers are looking for the location of borehole to farm to take access irrigation water in their farms.
Martha also explained that the high cost of fertiliser preventing many farmers from improving quantity plus quality of yield, adding that when fertiliser is not enough, it affects the crop output.
The cost also prevents many of us from expanding the business.
Therefore, getting fertiliser is not easy for us.
She said the construction of more dams plus borehole in irrigation would lead to more production of potatoes.
If the watre is not enough for the crop, it will dry and it will later die and that is why some farmers with the resources prefer to dig boreholes for Mangu for irrigation because, without it, season farming will become difficult, she said.
Irish potato at a market in Jos
Production to reach 7million metric tonnes after labor completion
With potato production in Plateau State which jumped from 1,656,650 metric tons in 2017 to 2,359,890 metric tons in 2020, the establishment of Potato Value Chain Support Project and is expected to drive construction of tisue culture labs to triple production of over seven million metric tons by the expiration of 2021.
The officer who monitored and evaluated state's Potato Value Chain Support Project in the state, Baleri Yakubu, told Daily Trust that it is expected that the state commences production of six million potato each year after the tissue culture labs at the end of 2021 but is optimistic that production can exceeding seven million metric tons each year.
However, Yakubu said the state government should tackle other challenges faced by farmers, especially the one of fertiliser as well as dam and road network as they expected farmers to apply adequate potato farming regulation to take expected targets.
Our correspondent learnt that the tissue culture lab, which intends to improve potato yields in the state by providing clean seeds resistant to pests and other diseases related to potato, was expected to commence full operation in a few months.
Yakubu said he was certain that the advent of the lab would improve income for farmers and revenue for the state government and also help food security in the country.
Farmers in Plateau State, however, believe that the tissue la, if fully equipped, will reduce the cost of treatment for the crop when disease affected.
They are also hoping that better quality seeds will be available at affordable price.
FG never returned £4.2m Ibori loot to Delta Accountant General
The Office of the Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF) reaveal on Wednesday that the Federal Government has not returned the £4.2 million loot recovered from former governor James Ibori to Delta Government.
They are still waiting for the money after that the issues associated with it are resolved before further actions are taken.
For now, any money has not been returned to Delta State,as a statement from the office reveal, signed by the Director of Information, Press and Public Relations, Henshaw Ogubike.
The issue of the £4.2million lost by Ibori was yet to be resolved,the statement said.
In the previous comment made by the Accountant General of the National Assembly about the return of the loot to the Government of Delta, Henshaw Ogubike said: The Agf is only a general comment on money that is rcorvered as it relates to state governments.
The three Super League stronghead failed to vote against UEFA coercion.
Super League three Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus insisted on Wednesday that they remain committed to taking modernised football despite UEFA threat to discipline them.
UEFA opened formal disciplinary walks on Tuesday against the three clubs who refused to give up on the aborted Super League project.
In a joint statement, Italian giants Juventus and the two Spanish sides said they were still committed to modernising football through an open dialogue with UEFA.
FC Barcelona, Juventus FC and Real Madrid CF wish to express absolute rejection of the insistent coercion mentained by the UEFA towards the three most relevant institutions in the history of football, the statement said.
This attitude to raise alarm constitute a breach of the decision made by the courts of justice, which have made a clear statement to warn UEFA to stop taking any actions that may punish the clubs that found the super League when they are still on the legal matter.
Therefore, as UEFA took disciplinary proceedings as incomprehensible and a direct attack against the rule of law that we, citizens of the European Union, have built up with democracy, it remains a lack of respect towards the authority of the courts of justice too.
China gives up to 140 million COVID-19 vaccines
China administered 139.97 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines as of April 4, 2021, according to the National Health Commission (NHC) of the country.
China is working to ensure vaccination efforts in major areas and key sector industries as it based on the overall plan of the country, inoculating the eligible population as wide as they can reach and making progress in stages, as Wu Liangyou, a deputy director of the NHCs Disease Prevention and Control Bureau.
The country has been gathering resources to ensure inoculation in metropolis of large and medium sizes, metropolis of prot, area of high risk of infection, including priority to key groups including employees in the public sector, students and faculties in college and universities, as well as service staff in big supermarkets, as Wu added, and vaccination for other groups was also ongoing.
At present, Beijing, Shanghai including some other places in China have given the vaccine to senior citizens who are above the age 60 and patients with chronic diseases COVID-19 vaccines, who are in good physical condition.
He Qinghua, who is official of the NHC noted that the commission would advance the vaccination campaign with an order of importance, following the priciple of informed consensus, voluntary participation and free inoculation.
The country coordinates regular prevention and control with its vaccination efforts, to ensure that the regular responsibility of local governments and their exclusion is fulfilled, and advance vaccination campaigns in a manner that is more secured and orederly and forceful, as it said.
Besides, China has taken steps to include more people in vaccination campaigns to ensure their health, the official added.
So far, China has approved COVID-19 vaccines produced by five enterprises for conditional marketing or emergency use.
Phase III of three yet to be activated vaccines and one adenovirus vaccine indicates that they efficacy meet the requirements of the National Medical Products Administration of China and the World Health Organization.
Phase II trial of the recombinant protein subunit vaccine applied for emergency use has shown that the vaccine is safe and can cause strong immunity response.
All the COVID-19 vaccines adopted by China have gone through clinical studies that follow relevant standards, which were approved by national drug regulatory organisations and began to be used after passing strict examination, said Li Bin, a deputy head of the NHC.
All vaccines are required to be monitored and temporarily recorded temperatures to ensure compliance with requirements on temperature environment and transportation.
Li added that Health regulators in China have also enhanced their efforts in the training of health workers, requiring them to obey operating instructions in order to guarantee the efficacy and safety of the vaccine.
Wema Bank tasked on Essays contest for children
Wema Bank Plc hosts a creative Essay competition to test the creative writing ability of young children aged five to 12 years.
The 2021 Royal Kiddies Essay Competition tagged Write and Win, aimed at developing writing skills, promoting creativity, imagination capacity, reward creativity and drive excellence in their learning processes.
Ten children will emerge within a screening process which will be transparent, credible and thorough.
The top three Essays are Huawei tablets and Royal Kiddies branded T-shirts.
The remaining seven participants who entered in the final would have a N20,000 prepaid gift card each from school supplies plus a branded T-shirt.
The Essays competitions will be open to early parents children, including funding Royal Kiddies Account or wards, and entries will close on May 24, 2021.
From Hushpuppi to Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tangâ
Twelve months ago, Ramoni Abass (37 years), known as a hushpuppi, was arrested in June 2020 in Dubai for allegedly doing money laundering from business e-mail compromise fraud and other scams targeting firms and an English premier league club.
The total amount of money he made was $435 million after he defraud 1,926,400 victims.
A year later, the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) also arrested Abidemi Rufai (named as Sandy Tangâ), Senior Special Assistant on Special Duties to Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun in John F Kennedy Airport, concerning criminal complaining about scaming the Washington State Employment Security Department of $350,000 (N144,375,000).
The money stolen is a relief money from the pandemic designed by Washington State for those who may have lost their jobs due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The fraud occurred during lockdown and the investigation bureau began to track the alleged fraudsters that would be making law in the Nigerian Federal House of Representatives if it failed to lose the Ijebu North/Ijebu East/Ogun Waterside Federal Constituency election to Adekoya Adesegun, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) person.
The fraud was done by stealing identity of Washington residents over 100 as they filled a false claim with the Employment Security Department (ESD) for pandemic-related unemployment benefits.
A new e-mail account was created for each stolen identity, to identify the claims with different individuals to escape an automatic fraud detection system.
Thereafter, they paid over $288,000 to his bank account in America between March and August 2020.
Cybercrime is a global threat to individuals, organisations and countries.
Nigeria loses over $128 billion to cybercrimes annually.
By the time 2021 would end, the world will have lost a total of $6 trillion.
To date, there have been over 40 Nigerians arrested or investigated by the FBI for complicity in fraudulent scams.
The alleged unemployment benefit fraud by Rufai will be under what I have called COVID-19 fraud in Nigeria.
This is a scam using loopholes caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, which has led to scam of individuals, government and organisations.
During the COVID-19 lockdown in Nigeria, cybercriminals made frauds along the interventions from government and private sectors and scammes a lot and some of the scheme are still in place to date.
There was dominated pizza fraud, federal government cash palliative fraud, N20, 000 Dangote relief fund fraud and promotional sales fraud among others.
When some are cyber-criminality outside Nigeria, some youngsters are doing it in Nigeria.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) is arresting, arresting and convicting them.
Understanding the culture that sustaines cyber-criminality can help a serious government to fight the crime.
The family is the little world in the larger society.
It is the place that must nuture a normal human beign in the society.
Separate from the fact that many families in Nigeria are in dungeon of poverty and it is hard to take care of their children, some of their children have become breadwinners, as it is, it is not legitimate.
Ethical behaviour training in many homes is a challenge as arrested parents including children congregated to commit cyber-criminality.
In some other places, Yahoo boys mother form an association to celebrate their children success and justify their criminalities.
In the religious seting, pastors, alpha and traditinalists make home and benefit from Yahoo-boyism.
Moral teaching comes for materialistic Pentecostalism to enter.
There is a viral video where some boys spray money while people who appear to be shepherd in white garment church enjoy the captive moment, as members led by the female youth wing of the church record the act of shame.
The child who was born in 1999 when Nigeria entered into democracy is now 21 years.
Sadly, they grow to appreciate lies as a way of life from politicians mouth (and in most cases from home) that decrive people to vote for them without fulfilling the promise they amke for compaign.
Lying is also the foundation of the sociology of hushpuppism.
Youth socialises daily in the form of corruption by people at public office.
It is seen how the system is giving farudulent people soft landing (in public or private).
Are they asking how many fraud and corruption allegations have been investigated and discharged with punishment when the accuse is guilty?
The many of the cases ended with off-the-mic like as the Nigeria Delta Development Commission (NDDC) case ended with a family affair.
The youths are seen as celebrating a flamboyant lifestyle in dirty.
They are observing how poor political aspirants become millionaries withim months of assuming office.
They are seeing how traditional institutions have become cash and carry out when given the chieftancy titles.
Tertiary educational institutions, with few exceptions, are awarding undeserving honours in exchange for money.
All of those mismanaging money have soft landing.
Adding to this list of cultures that nuture cybercrime is the lyrical glamour that some Nigerian musicians give cybercrime as they present cybercrime as a work and game that everyone is doing and that it is not a crime.
If we elect fraud in legislation, would it make law against the crimes it involves?
The process by which party leaders are taking partys nomination to the high bid people need to review if we want to stop importing problematic statements to our political system that has already lost morality.
It is very unfortunate that the critical reasoning of party leaders goes low when they are exposed to money.
They provide platforms for dubious character to do cover up and the society is worse with them action.
Greed is also causing cyber-criminality.
The FBI agent who incestigates Rufai, Donald Voiret said greed is a powerful motivator.
Unfortunately, the greed alleged to these defendants affected is all taxpayers.
To move forward, we cannot live in sins, expecting grace to abound.
Nigeria should sanitise anti-corruption systems and place accoutability policies in place to track lifestyles with material accumulation.
We must give youths in Nigeria hope by creating employment opportunities, reducing poverty plus review reward systems.
The EFCC need to invest in technology and expose them detective to modern cybercrime investigation procedures.
The commission needs to conclude an investigation before the suspects are arrested by the FBI before the arrest of huspuppi and Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang.
Unless they tackle the culture that sustaines cybercrimes in Nigeria with social social engineering, cyber-criminality will continue to spread.
Dr Tade, a sociologist, wrote this piece PU at dotad2003@yahoo.com.
DRC president, Tshisekedi, entered into African Union chair
President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Felix Tshisekedi took office of the African Union on Saturday.
He took office on the first day in the 34th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government in Addis Ababa.
He is coming after President of South Africa Cyril Ramaphosa as the rotating chairman of the organization.
The Au is aimed at addressing the adverse impact of COVID-19 on the continent.
The union
Official theme for 2021 is Arts, Culture, and Heritage: Levers for Building the Wanted Africa.
Despite country and continent-wide control measures, the impact of COVID-19 has carried on significant human, financial and soci-economic cost for the African people, Tshisekedi said.
The crisis, however, has given us the opportunity to re-examine our socio-economic priorities and work towards sustainable and inclusive economic growth that will enable women and girls to contribute to our society at the fullest.
We must rely on ourselves more and find collective solutions to our problems.
Tshisekedi said the DRC during its time as the head of the union was looking to elevate African voices.
It will also focus on sustainable development by and in Africa.
We work to ensure integrated wellbeing, peace and security, health care and strong response against COVID-19, including food security.
Agricultural transformation, education, gender equality, climate justice, for people and good to move freely, and freedom of speech and religion plus to enhance our common heritage: languages and memorial sites of the history of people in Africa, which will be at the centre of their ouw agenda, as the president added.
Lagos PDP concerning LG polls
There is a fresh challenge in Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) concerning the release of guidelines for the conduct of the forthcoming local government elections released by the chairman of the state who is Engr Deji Doherty.
Engr Doherty, who has been in a battle with several of his colleagues at the State Working Committee (SWC), which recently led to its suspension, will release the guidelines on Friday.
It may be recalled that the State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) has released the timetable for the elections to be held on Saturday, July 24, 2021.
Amidst internal strife lingering for the State PDP, the Chairman released the guidelines, which as we heard were not good in the eyes of most of the executive members who said they were not carried out for much longer.
A member of the state executive said the chairman planned the timetable unilaterally and did not involve other executive members.
It was learnt that the other factions of the party opposition Doherty could counter the embattled Chairman this over the guidelines.
The executive member who spoke in terms of anonymity said the position of the aging member would enter into public this week, insisting that key members of the executive are sidelined.
How it feels to be born in a pandemic by Dil Afrose Jahan
When news of death is everywhere, a new life brings hapines plus hope.
On January 1, 2020, a new morning, two red lines changed my life.
I was beautiful and happy.
Mamzing begins to new year
It was the most remarkable year of my life.
All of a sudden, everythimg change.
My daughter Roshomon Tara was born at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Bangladesh; she is now nine months old and my child Roshomon Tara was born at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Bangladesh; she is now nine months old.
That was why I became mother in the middle of a global crisis.
Not only her was born, but also new I, mama Tara, who spent the entire pregnancy in a lockdown at home and birthed the child in an emergency condition in the emergency.
Tara saw the world with mask and isolation.
Her grandma was also afraid to touch her or approach her without a mask.
If there is no pandemic, my journey to enter motherhood would be different.
This Mother Day was so special as my children were in my front, looking at me and smiling.
On the last mother day, she was growing inside me.
The only thing that does not change, meanwhile, is the pandemic.
I had 16 weeks of beauty when the pandemic occurred, and the world entered into lockdown.
I struggle to survive the pandemic with my hormonal and physical changes.
The 22 weeks were like war.
My husband, Sina Hasan, was a musician, and all his concerts were cancelled at that time.
I have been a freelance journalist since January 1, 2021.
So we all depend on what I have saved already, and we spend all my savings.
Our parents and two journalists associations came forward to help in the main time.
I was afraid of everything.
Most of the time, it appears to have died.
knocked at our door.
I am adapting to a new life that we are online clicking and delivering our thimgs or home-delivery.
I have to wait for a week to take delivery of groceries like a day.
I was even afraid to send to me the only family member living with me, my husband to go and buy food storage.
So, I am not eating too much.
Beside also, I couldn't go for my antenatal check-up as I was given time.
And I am not sure if my children are growing well or if development is taking place timely.
I am very sorry for my unborn child that I am bringing him into a world that is antithetical to him.
A tele-medication help me to pass some difficult times in the last three months.
I forget the face of my gynaecologist.
I could not imagine if she would take a look without wearing the PPE.
I need to be informed about risks, precautions, and how to get emergency medical help.
A lot of information is flowing around.
Within this informed problem, experienced matters and my mother-in-law can only support me and not only be met somebody when I become beautiful.
Traditionally, experienced mothers and mostly older women in the family will help new matters with them to experience plus observation.
I have had several panic attacks because I have no understanding and information.
So I am an experience of the mother who gave birth at this time.
I watched social media as a lifeline.
I read so many exciting experiences on social media when I was following a group that gathered over 100,000 women with belle and breastfeeding children as they supported each other to survive the pandemic.
Different media groups on the platform helped over 100,000 belle women and the breeding of children by sharing experiences and more informed during the lockdown.
One of the groups helped me to find heakth care fcility to do emmergency ultrasound after heavy bleeding fires in the lockdown.
Another group was helping to curb anxiety and the depression following childbirth.
I was upset that I couldn't meet my parents, relatives, or friends to share the joy of welcoming new members in the family.
My daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago and my child was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago.
And she met another child on one when she was entered into four months old on December 31, 2020, when Tara and her father went to the rooftop with me to see the fireworks.
Another fimily with two children, which was my neighbour when I met for the first time, was also heading to speak byebye in 2020.
Every day is, and it is still gift, to consider the recent statistics of increased Covid-19 cases.
When news about death is full everywhere, the new life brings hapines and hope.
For mothers, it does not differ from winning the war with the birth of their children in a pandemic and taking care of the new children alone, to confirm the highest safety for their children.
Social, emotionally, and physically, this time can challenge one.
Thanks to the light that shed in the eyes of the baby.
Thanks to my children, my daughter, for who I am, and a successful fighter who survived this pandemic.
Dil Afrose Jahan has collected the National Geographic Society's Emergency Fund for Journalists.
This work is supported by the National Geographic Society.
The national question, insecurity and the declaration in Asaba.
By Segun Tomori
Recently, governors in southern Nigeria met in Asaba and made some resolutions on the state of the nation, which is now called Asaba declaration.
The meeting was coming on the matter as insecurity in the country was worsening, agitation by some kind of ethnic jingoist and as the matter murderous herdsmen threats generating nationwide attention.
Indeed, the bi-partisan nature of the meeting plus the unanimity displayed by the 17 governors indicates serious business.
Restructuring in the context of true federalism and the ban of open grazing forms the purpose of the declaration.
Major lights followed to bringing state police, devolution of power, to review revenue formula to favour federating units plus the need for national dialogue to discuss the nations question.
DÃ©by condemned the way governors were to drag on financial authoritarianism in state legislature and judiciary and not following the spirit of true federalism they called for, planty in their resolution was tense of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) recommended by the committee led by Gov. El=Rufai on true federalism.
It is expected that the leading light in APC will take advantage of the bipartisan nature of the Asaba declaration, and the support of the major opposition parties to begin the process to address the issue.
Instead, we saw attempts to take into the gallery and for some quarters, subtle censure of the governor.
The El-Rufai committee recommends devolution of power, resources control, state police, local government autonomy plus review in revenue frmula in favour of federating units among them.
President Buhari has since given support for local government, state legislature and judiciary autonomy, as he backed amendments into the statutes and issued Executive Order 010.
In view of the state of the nation, which security and economic challenges have become enormous, these two sectors are expected to have the untimate attention collectively.
Despite rateing Nigeria as the highest GDP country in Africa, we have still not made better efforts to translate it to take improved living standards or the majority of our people.
For instance now, our annual budget of about $35 billion is very inadequate to cater the needs of 220 million Nigerians.
South Africa with about 58 million people has a national budget of about $75bn in 2019 and her Social Protection Programme of about 17m of its population.
The effort made by the Buhari administration, though new and commendable, was just dropped into the ocean and was not adequate to make the required impact.
It is here devolution of power and resources control will enter.
Solid minerals and natural resources have no business to stay more than one day in the Exclusive list.
So far, almost all states in the country have natural resources to sell a market that they can explore in order to create wealth and generate the foreign exchange needed by the country.
The present system where states go to Abuja to collecte federal allocation within the country breeding indolence, does not follow the principle of true federalism.
Just as the El-Rufai committee proposed, it should review the revenue formule to take favour of states since adding more responsibilities to them.
On state police, it is undesratndable that they are afraid that governors will revile it, but like Richie Nortondon said, To escape fear, you have to go through it, not around it.
For too long, we have gone round fear of abuse of state police, we have turned a blind eye to the centralised Nigerian Police Force, which has become overstretched and inefficient and huge problem.
According to the vice-President Osinbajo a few years ago, State Police is an ideals of his time.
We have to address our fears and overcome it.
One in the way is to enact a legal instrument to establish the State Police Regulatory Commission (SPRC), along with constitutional amendments to allow state police.
It will have similar functions with the Federal Police Service Commission (PSC) but will have wider power to exercise appointive plus regulatory functions.
The ban on open grazing restated by the governors is not a none; it is part of the fulcrum of the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) approved by the National Executive Council (NEC).
The International Crisis Group (ICG) has put the NLTP as the most comprehensive effort Nigeria has made to date to overhaul the inefficient and grossly underperforming livestock system.
In the core is a strategy to take curb migration or open grazing and thus lower the risk of conflict between herders and farmers, therefore, beggars the belief that some myopic, self-acclaimed ethnic champions choose to Lampoon the ban on pre-historic, nomadic open grazing.
Let the federal and stable governments move very fast to fully implement this new plan in order to put this farmers-herders clash that is happening from time to time behind us.
The convocation of a National Dialogue, which is a major demand for the Asaba declaration may not be necessary since reports from the 2014 National Conference plus recommendations of the Gov. El-Rufai -led APC committee on True Federalism.
The two reports were to make a far reaching recommendation agreed on by the governors elected and the legislators in the national assembly instead of wasting resources not available on another jamboree.
On the issue of separatist agitations, they should bring modalities to take referendum as it is in the constitution.
It is almost certain that a majority of Nigerians want to live together, they don't mind our differences.
To do this will take the sale out by the wind of divisive elements, who are fan of hate and discord.
The Southern Governors have affirmed commitment to one United Nigeria on the basis of justice, fairness and equity, so must every patriotic Nigerian.
Though we have challenges like any other country, we must listen to ourselves as US President Joe Bidden often speaks.
Tomori lives in Abuja
Two officers are dead as IPOB terrorists set fire on police station
Not enough 24 hours after the new commissioner of police appointed in Anambra, Christopher Adetokumbo Owolabi, resume, his terrorists attacked Obosi Police Station in Idemili North local government area of the state and killed two officers.
The terrorists attacked the police headquarters late on Wednesday, liberating all detailed suspects before the station was set on fire.
A spokesperson of the police headquarters who was affected said several terrorists stormed and attacked the police headquarters around 11 pm.
He identified the officers who passed on as Inspector James and Awalu.
The source said the victims were killed in a filling station that is now not functioning close to the police station.
The source also said when other police officers were on duty noticed unusual movement of the unknown gunmen, they ran and the attackers had the time to burn the police station down.
Meanwhile, the police in Anambra have confirmed the killing of two of them men.
The Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the command, DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, who confirmed the attack, said the state commissioner of police had dispatched a tactical team to assess the incident on the spot.
The tactical team led by the Assistant Commissioner of Police (APCON) has instructions to see on the spot assessment of the place.
It was also told the team to try to identify and arrest the terrorists who conducted the attack, according to him.
Ikenga, who added that the two police body was in the nearby morgue, said investigation on the matter had commenced.
NEPC, Commonwealth collaborates on production of professional service export data
The Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC) and the Commonwealth Secretariat London are seeking to collaborate to produce reliable data on export for professional services in Nigeria.
Speaking at the inaugural meeting of the National Consultative Committee on the International Trade-in-Services (NCCITS) held under the Commonwealth Secretariat London, the Executive Director/Chief Executive Officer of the NEPC, Mr. Olusegun Awolowo, said Nigeria has no readily accessible and reliable data on trade-in-service.
Awolowo said that there have been efforts to create awareness on the trade-in service sector of the economy, including the creation of a National Strategy for Export of Professional Services in 2010.
He said the Commonwealth has helped Nigeria to develop a road-map for the sector in 2006.
The boss at NEPC said the current focus in collaboration with the Commonwealth Secretariat is on data/statistics collection and management.
This is critical to our efforts for export as it fills the gap in collecting or capturing data from relevant institutions in order to generate, analysis and use statistical information on trade-in Services as it takes as a globally, he said.
NITDA, firm to launch tech startup funds in July
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) and a firm beased in United States Mass Challenge have signed agreements to financially support between 10 and 15 start-ups from July, to reach their full potential withing 12 months.
Director General of NITDA, Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi said this on Tuesday during a virtual media stakeholder engagement with officials of MassChallenge.
Abdullahi said the initiative was designed to identify and accelerate top start-ups based in Nigeria and grow to serve the Nigerian and global markets.
The DG is in NITDA that said the initiative would be launched in July adding that it will improve tech innovation and entrepreneurship in the country.
Start up a vibrant ecosystem is highly critical to the future of our country and is vital to seek solutions to our various challenges.
Innovation is a prominent way of creating properity for all and lifting countries out of the loop of poverty.
The CEO of MassChallenge, Siobhan Dullea, said the firm had supported over 2,900 start-ups across the globe and that the firms had generated $3.6 billion revenue and created 86,000 jobs.
Kidnappers take two women into Abuja council
Kidnappers have taken two women, Christiana Isa Attah and Favor David, behind Anguwar Kpokpolobi community in Naharati, Abaji Area Council, FCT.
The mother of the two victims, Mrs. Ruth Attah, a retired school teacher, told our reporter at her home that around midnight on Saturday the incident happened.
She said she was still sleeping and the children were in the room when the kidnappers came into the house after jumping a fence that was not too high.
She said a window was broken to enter the room where her children were sleeping and took them away with a gunpoint.
When the girls noticed that they were trying to break the window, they ran into my room to hide, but the kidnappers were following them to my room, and they took us together, as she said.
According to her, the kidnappers left her after a few metres of passing home when they noticed that she couldn't move because of old age.
It was after we crossed the river, where I couldn't move again, when the other gang members asked me to go back home while they left with my two children, she added.
A resident, who sought anonymity, said the kidnappers conducted the operation for more than one hour while shooting up to scare people from them.
He said no security man came here when the kidnappers were shot in the air for more than an hour.
Daily Trust learnt that until that very day, the woman and her children were always sleeping in their neighbours home and heading back home because they were afraid of kidnappers as they home was just a few metres from the river.
It was also gathered that the daughter of the woman, who is a class teacher in the area was preparing for their wedding for next month.
The spokesperson of the police command in FCT, that is ASP Maryam Yusuf, refused to pick a call or reply to a text message sent to her phone to confirm the latest kidnapp incidents in the area.
Why I am running for gov in Anambra Anglican Priest
An Anglican Priest, Rev Godwin Okonkwo, had said he was racing for the November governorship election in Anambra state because he wanted to bring the fear of God and the knowledge of prudent use of resources to show on governance issues in the state.
Okonkwo, who spoke with Daily Trust on Wednesday shortly after speaking with his supporters in Awka, the Anambra state capital, said the state was lacking behind in terms of good governance.
The people there for now have not started managing the resources of Anambra state for the good of the Anambra people.
I believe we can perform better than managing the resources of the state.
Its time now to move from a lukewarm attitude of leadership to better leadership.
I am at Apc to change the poor outings the party had in the state in the past years, as he said.
Barty beat Kvitova to take last four matches with Badosa
Ashleigh Barty will take on Paula Badosa in the semifinal of the Madrid Open after beating Petra Kvitova 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 on Wednesday.
World No1 Barty chased her fourth singles title this year after winning in Stuttgart 10 days ago.
In the last four she will face the woman who beat her out in the quarterfinal at Charleston in early April.
On Wednesday, the Australian pulled out as top against who had won the Wimbledon twice plus 2015, 2018 Madrid open winner Kvitova.
Wildcard Badosa became the first Spanish woman in the tournament that has been in 12 years to make the semi with her 6-4, 7-5 win over eighth seed Belinda Bencic.
22 mummies of Pharaoh parade in Egypt
Two-two mummies of pharaoh wlk on the street of Cairo on Saturday evening at a stunning royal procession from the Egyptian Museum on Tahrir Square to the new National Museum of Egyptian Civilization (NMEC) in Fustat.
It was the event mark as NMEC was officially launched.
Against the backdrop of fireworks, the mummies” 18 kings and four queens” travelled in order of age on purpose-built gold-colored pharaonic chariots, equipped with an air ride suspension system to absorb vibrations, and bearing the names of their occupants in Arabic, English, and hieroglyphics.
Seqenenre Tao II who governed Upper Egypt around 1,600 BCE, led the parade, as Ramses IX, who governed the 12th Century BCE brought up the rear.
According to the strict international standard for the transport of artifacts, the royal remains are placed in state-of-the-art sterile display cases to guarantee immaculate preservation.
It was 60 motorcycles, 150 horses, and a pharaonic music ensemble that renowned Egyptian maestro Nader Abbassiconduct followed the mummie.
The procession started with a 21-gun salute, circled the obelisk at the Tahrir Square closed, and then proceeded along the Nile to NMEC, where Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El-Sisi personally welcomed the mummies to their new permanent home in Fustat, the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization.
The parade lasted for 40-minute capture participation of 12 celeb in Egypt, as it was broadcast by 200+ global TV channels.
The pricelees artifact will spend the next two weeks in the NMECs laboratory where they will be prepared for installation in the Royal Mummies Hall, located at the valley of the kings.
The Royal Mummies Hall will be open for visitors on April 18, marking World Heritage Day.
To promote the launch, NMEC is offering a 50 percent discount on entry ticket price to the Central Exhibition Hall for visitors from April 4 to 17.
To add, representatives of local and international media have the opportunity to take pictures and video the artifacts in the Central Exhibition Hall for free on April 4 and 5.
Overlooking Ain Al Sirafor at the heart of the historical city of ustat near Babylon Fortress, NMEC is one of the largets and most important archeology museums in the world, and the first to last for the entire civilization in Egypt.
Uproar in Kano prison concerning illicit drugs
Pandemonium was hit in Kano Central prison in Kurmawa on Thursday evening over illicit drugs.
The uproar started when the prison warders were detected and seized cannabis, allegedly brought in immate on Thursday evening.
When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) in Kano State, Musbahu Lawal Kofar Nasarawa, confirmed the matter, adding that a committee was set to investigate how the cannabis got into the centre.
Somebody brought cannabis into the prison and our operatives collected it, so they started shooting, saying, Let us give them.
We have set up committees already to investigate how illicit drugs come into the house; whether they are incorporated into the foods brought come in one of the prisoners or someone conive with some of our operatives.
The action did not get anythimg with jailbreak, it was just uproar, we have already reinforced the order back in the custodial centre, as he added.
It is rumoured that the prisoners were to break the jail to take an attempt to escape by rejection of the foods given to them to take break fast, on allegedly collective bug donations from philantropists.
The NCoS spokesman has debunked the rumour, describing them as baseless.
Daily Trust reports that the 100 years prison in Kurmawa area, behind Palace of Emir in the metropolis is the biggest custodial centre in the state.
FG calls for global action against terrorism, drug trafficking
The federal government has urged world leaders to give international cooperation strength as part of effort to successfully fight terrorism and drug trafficking, including other types of crimes.
This is coming despite Nigeria expressing concern over the incident of poor financial flows from the developed economy to the already developed economy in the world.
These are part of the position that Nigeria presented at the ongoing conference of the United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, in Vienna.
Spokesman of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Femi Babafemi, is as the Chairman/Chief Executive of the agency, Brig-Gen.
Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd), who presented the position of Nigeria in items 6C and 7 of the meeting as he said as a nation deepen cooperation and strengthen the processes of combating the financing of terrorism and prevention of terrorists to prevent them from benefitting from ransom payments, is also important for them to avoid overlooking trafficking of illicit drugs.
It is also necessary to pay attention to and control as illicit traffic spread, brain- deteriorating drugs, leading to violence, he said.
Nigeria is also worried that the link between terrorism and other forms of crime like corruption, abysmal flow of money, money laundering, illicit trafficking in drugs, cybercrime, trafficking in people and smuggling of migrants, as Marwa said.
When delivering a statement from Nigeria in item 6C on Wednesday, Marwa said as nations renew desire to improve international cooperation to address every crime, Nigeria urges all states, once again, to make sincere efforts to address the causes from the roots, including poverty, economic deprivation, inequality, drug abuse, including other socio-economic factors.
When presenting the statement of the country on item 7 on Thursday, Marwa said, Nigeria notes with great concern the incidences of illicit financial flows, we pass through the financial system every year, from developing and developed analysis.
To consult these wrongdoers, including financial institutions acting as enablers, state parties should ensure that illicit financial flows, when tracked, not remain in custody of financial institutions but be transformed into escrow accounts, preferably in development banks pending return to countries of origin.
In this regard, we are calling for the implementation of the recommendations of the facti panel supporting access recorvery and the agenda 2030 for sustainable development.
Timipre Sylva, Kurfi celebrated as Chelsea win Champions League
Two prominent members of the former Governor of Bayelsa State and present Minister of State for Petroleum, Mr. Timipre Marlin Sylva and the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, Alhaji Aminu Balele Kurfi are better celebrating mood on SUnday after Chelsea football club has won the secodn champions league title.
In a final all English, former champions Chelsea shocked Man City 1-0 at the stadium.
Do Dragao in Porto to win their second trophy
Kai Havertz, one of the most expensive additions from last summer, scored the goal he decided to put a third defeat in a row on Pep Guardiola's City.
Moments after the match, the former governor tweeted I supported Chelsea FC in UCL trophy, and I did not regret.
Kurfi who watched proceedings in Abuja with Sylva said he created time to take watch of the match with the former Bayelsa State governor to support and celebrate with him after the match.
I need to support him because he is an avid fan of Chelsea.
I am also appealing that at the end, he has a reason to celebrate.
His Excellency Timipre Silva is a passion for sports, especially football.
On my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I am the father of all supporters of different clubs in my state.
I am with Chelsea from where I was loaned to Katsina United.
From United, I was loaned to Kufri Tigers and presently, I was in every club with Kufri expressing interest to play.
Elections in Uganda: President Museveni has early lead, rival quoted as fraud
President Yoweri Museveni has taken early leadership in pesidential elections in Ugand, according to results first entry from the electoral commission on Friday morning.
This is as his main rival has said he has proven fraud into the election.
With 29.4 per cent of votes from ballot voted on Thursday, Museveni won 1,852,263 votes, or 63.9 per cent as the main opposition candidate, Bobi Wine has 821,874 or 28.4 per cent, according to the commission just after 11.00 a.m. (0800 GMT).
Wine allege fraud
Wine, a singer who became a lawmaker and has coloured young Uganda people with a call for political change, told a press conference on Friday that he had a video of proof that fraud was on the vote and that the vote ended in peace he wanted.
He said in a early tweet he had been so confident that he would win despite its abundant fraud and violence.
Museveni, who has led the country in East Africa with 46 million people over the past 34 years, has not said anything as at noon.
Internet blackout
On Wednesday, the government ordered the blocking of the internet to further observations, a day after the ban on all social media and messaging app.
Wine and his supporters used Facebook to show live coverage of his campaigns and news conferences after saying many media outlets failed to host it.
The election campaign was distorted with a deadly crackdown on opposition candidates and their supporters.
The capital Uganda, Kampala, which is a normal bumping city, is still quiet on Friday, which is a public holiday after Thursday, when most shops were closed.
Soldiers patrolled in rain in a suburb visited by Reuters.
Commission head, Simon Byabakama, assured the nation on live TV on Thursday evening after polls closed that results have been on the national tally centre despite the nationwide internet blackout.
We do not use the local internet to transmit results, we do not use our own system, as it stated, without giving details of the system.
No wori, results are coming, Byabakama said.
New wave of pandemic has hit more in Japan prefectures.
Japan is set to expand the present state of emergency to cover three more prefectures, the government said on Friday.
This followed as the infection by the coronavirus became wider in the country ahead of the Tokyo Olympics in summer.
The prefectures in Hokkaido, Okayama and Hiroshima are likely to get the measure from Sunday to the end of May, as Economic Revitalisation Minister, Yasutoshi Nishimura, told newsmen.
A panel of experts endorsed the proposal, as Nishimura, in charge of the coronavirus response by the government said.
The northern island of Hokkaido a record of 712 new infections on Thursday as the western prefecture of Hiroshima also witnessed a record of 219 new cases on Wednesday.
As the infection grows hitherto, Hiroshima and Okayama canceled the torch relay expected to be held on public roads in the last few weeks.
International Olympic Committee President, Thomas Bach, is expected to participate in the torch relay event in Hiroshima on May 17.
However, local organisers said Bachs trip to Japan had been suspended ahead of the games.
The postponed was as the government had extended the state of emergency in Tokyo including three other prefectures until the end of May, and added two more regions known as Aichi, Fukuoka in the measure.
The government declared the state of emergency in the four prefectures in April, requesting bars and restaurants to stop serving alchohol and prevent them from ever again offering karaoke services.
Experts have given a warning that more contagious variants can spread quickly, especially as the roll coronavirus vaccine is very slowsince it was launched mid-February.
Only one per cent of Japan's
125 million people have been fully vaccinated.
Farmers will benefit from mechanised farmers in Jigawa
The Malam Alu Agro Allied Company, which is a farm on top 100-hectare of land in Faru village, along Maiduguri road, Birnin Kudu Local Government Area of Jigawa State, has been changing the prception in mechanised farming in Nigeria, the GM in the Mansur Dau Aliyu said.
When the farm was established almost five years ago, as we gathered, it was a direct response to the call by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari that Nigeria should return to agriculture as the mainstay of the economy in the nation, beyond relying on iol as the source of revenue in the country.
Each cattle has a nomba tag attached to it in its ear.
Founder of the company, Farouk Adamu Aliyu, a former member of the House of Representatives key into it, the GGM added.
We are doing greenhouse farming.
We have a 10,000 square-metre that is fully automated soilles greenhouse, where we produce tomatoes.
We also have two 250 square-metre greenhouses where we produce other greenhouse vegetables, including another 500 square-metre greenhouse, which is used as a nursery.
These greenhouses are all foreign-oriented, which we have installed to produce varieties of vegetables.
Only tomato is produced for the 10,000 square automated soilless greenhousedem; and we produce an average of 10 to 11 tons of tomato every week.
We have another 10,000 square-metre locally fabricated greenhouse.
We also have livestock section, where we have over 300 herds of cattle, some camel, goat and sheep, as he said.
Daily Trust further learnt that the farm also has a fishery unit, with about 50,000 fish in the pond.
Similarly, a forty-ton per hour fertiliser blending plant installed in the early part of the year, as we heard, has produced up to 300 loads of NPK fertiliser under the Presidential Fertiliser Initiative.
We have imported equipment that can install 120,000 capacity in poultry system.
We hope that we will produce up to 3,000-4,000 crates of eggs within a day, Mansur said.
He noted that the farm also has plants where they are done daily, which produce about 2,000 litres of milk in a day, adding that they also have about 150-200 hectares of land elsewhere left for open field farming as well as cultivation of rice and other crops.
Masur said that most people buying the tomato are premium customers, notably a big big hotel in Abuja and Lagos, including some other locations.
He confirmed, however, that the main market for the product is mainly in the eastern part of the country like Enugu, Onitsha, Owerri.
However, he admitted that apart from the few customers they had in Kano, they were not very likely to see tomato products in the local market for some reason.
First is the fact that the tomato production forms are special species and the second reason is the fact that Jigawa is the major area of production of tomatoes.
You know that tomato is a common product here, so our prices are lower than those in the open market.
So, essentially, people hardly look at our side, they fell apprehensive with what we have because they believe that is expensive.
And when you have a product available everywhere, it is sure people will buy the cheapest.
They are feeding by a farm.
Asking about the average lifespan of tomato products, he said, If you give tomato everything you take, it means that nutrional supplements you feed it on its growth rate, and if you give all these things, the tomato can last up to three weeks after harvest.
But without it, it will last for a minimum of one week, not for refrigeration, not for presure and excessive heat.
It can be placed on a table where there is better ventilation.
It can last in the average of 10 days, but if everything is provided according to the requirements ( every nutrient) it can last up to one month.
We have experienced it, but then, it doesnt happen as you always want.
The farm is a source of employment for about 200 people in the village where it is located.
He also said the company has some people to train the youths in the araea on information technology skills.
He further said most of the equipment used in the field are from Turkey, except the fertiliser-blending machine, imported from China.
He said even the farming method is similar in Turkey, because they have a Turkish partner helping them to maintain the standard, but quickly he added that the company is conscious to enable Nigerians to run the tachnical aspect of its operations.
Reacting on the effect of COVID-19 on the operation of the company, Mansur said, Malam Alu, as other corporate entities in the country, suffered from devastating effects of the virus.
In Mansur, youths in Nigeria have no excuse to remain unemplooyed with the opportunities that agriculture provide, noting that the people loaking for white-collar jobs should adjust to the reality and go back to agriculture.
He believes Nigeria has been doing what it was supposed to do for a long time ago, noting that if the country had taken this step, they would have cornered the present economic problem.
2023: Lawmakers to look for a good deal in southern Kaduna
The member representing Jaba Constituency in the State House of Assembly in Kaduna, known as Samson Monday Dikko, called on better people to come together and mapp out strategies that will salvage Southern Kaduna Senatorial District and its people in 2023.
Speaking after a meeting with stakeholders in Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State at the weekend, Dikko, who aspires to be senator in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), said the people who are supposed to care in southern Kaduna people have abandoned them.
It is time for the entire Southern Kaduna people to have it right.
We need to transform our region and improve security, education, health, agriculture, economy, employment and empowerment for the teeming youths and we will do it with a named non-governmental organisation, as it added.
The Director-General of the Campaign Organization in Dikko, Timothy Chindo Kwassam, said the destiny of the people of Kaduna South Senatorial District would date them if Dikko represented them in the senate in 2023.
For everything under the sun, there is a reason.
So as Dikko comes in this critical period of time is not a ordinary coincidence, but a divine play from God to liberate the region from all that hinder it from growing and compelling with other regions, Kwassam said.
3 Africans, no Nigeria among them, as City, Chelsea contest UEFA Champions League final
No doubt that football fans in Nigeria are eagerly awaiting the 2020/2021 UEFA Champions League finals going to be held tonight after two English clubs Manchester City and Chelsea will compete at the Estadio do Dragao, Porto in Portugal.
Given the fact that UEFA Champions League is one of the biggest football competitions only next to the FIFA World Cup and the Olympic football event, the level of expectations has been increasing as giants in the English Premier League are set to fight for the prestigious diadem.
While Manchestre City have not won the Champions League title before, Chelsea won the first and only title in 2012.
Therefore, despite football pundits tiping City who won the premiership number seven to win this night, Chelsea will enter into the contest with betta credentials.
They are a former chsmpion.
However, as Thomas Tuchel who led a technical crew in Chelsea has not won the Champions League, his opponent in Manchester City dugout, Pep Guardiola has won him twice.
He won him against Barcelona in 2009 and in 2010.
Therefore, there is much to expect from the actors who will leave the field at Estadio.
Do Dragao in Porto and the men who take charge of the technical area.
Interestingly, even as both contestants have only three African players in Riyad Mahrez (Algeria, Manchester City), Hakim Ziyech (Morococo, Chelsea) and Edourad Menday (
Senegal, Chelsea) The interests of Africa in the final have dropped.
Here in Nigeria, where Chelsea and Manchester City are a lot of followers from passionate football fans, expection has been causing fever, which has led to interesting realignment.
Fans of the other clubs who have been out of other stages of the Champions League do re-align themselves with either Chelsea or Manchester City as interests are diverse enough.
The consequence is that the final is one of the topics being discussed in sports at the moment and fans of the premiereship club have continued to predict as the finalresult might be.
However, as it appears to be almost everyone waiting to saveour the football artistry they can display, some pundits are as nomba of African players in the final of the biggest football competitions on earth is decreasing.
In spite of history in the UEFA Champions League, only 24 African footballers have contested and won the trophy with European clubs.
It is sad that African football legends like Liberia's George Weah who was voted as World Footballer of the Year in 1995,
Rashidi Yekini of Nigeria, Mohamed Aboutrika of Egypt, Roger Mila of Cameroon, Jay-Jay Okocha, Sunday Oliseh, Taribo West and Victor Ikpeba of Nigeria, Rigobert Song of Cameroon and Hassam Hassan of Egypt did not win the Champions League as they knew the ball enough.
Although Mo Salah (Egypt), Sadio Mane (Senegal), Joel Matip (Cameroon) and Naby Keita (Guinea) are in the big stage when Liverpool won the 6th UEFa Champions League title in 2019, the first African who won the trophy was Bruce Grobbelaar of Zimbabwe.
He achieved the feat with Liverpool in 1984.
It was a Algerian legend, Rabah Madjer who won it with FC Porto in 1987 and Abedi Pele (Ghana) in 1993 with Olympique Marseille followed him, before Nigeria.
Duo of George Findi and Nwankwo Kanu lifted him with Ajax Amsterdam in 1995.
It was also on record that Geremi Njitap of Cameroon was the first African to win the title twice in 2000 and 2002 with Spanish giants Real Madrid, Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon tripled three times with Barcelona 2006, 2009 and 2010 with Inter Milan.
Another African who has won the highky coveted trophy is Ibrahim Tanko (Ghana).
Borussia Dortmund 1997, Samuel Kuffour (Ghana) Bayern Munich 2001, Benni McCarthy (South Africa) FC Porto 2004, Djimi Traore (Mali)
Liverpool 2005, Yaya Toure (Cote dIvoire)
Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Seydou Keita (Mali) Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Sully Muntari (Ghana)
Inter Milan 2010 and McDonald Mariga (Kenya) 2010.
John Mikel Obi (Nigeria), Michael Essien (Ghana), Salomon Kalou (Cote dIvoire), Didier Drogba (Cote dIvoire) who won against Chelsea in 2012 and Achraf Hakimi (Morocco), with Real Madrid 2018 completed the list of Africans who have won the UEFA Champions League.
To get close to home, the last time Nigerians won the trophy was in 2012, when Mikel Obi was among Africans who lifted the trophy with Chelsea at the expense of Bayern Munich.
After that achievement by the former captain of Super Eagles, Nigeria saw other talented players rise, such as Ahmed Musa, Wilfred Ndidi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Alex Iwobi, William Troost-Ekong, Leon Balogun, Ola Aina, Isaac Success, Chigozie Awaziem, Tyrone Ebuehi, Moses Simon and lately Victor Osimhen
But none of them have been characterised in the final of the biggest club competitions in Europe.
The reasons are not clear.
The top five clubs in Europe, Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Manchester United and Liverpool dominated the competition.
Unfortunately, Nigerian players have failed to enter highly rated clubs in Europe.
It is an hope of Nigerian football stakeholders that very soon the new generation of players will break the barrier and begin to play for clubs with potential to win the UEFA Champions League.
If this fails, then the football fans in Nigeria will continue to live with the agony of watching finakls of the UEFA Champions League come and go, without the presence of any Nigerian player.
While Nigerians are waiting for the next Super Eagle player who will rise to the top of the European clubs competition the way Find George, Nwankwo Kanu did it with Ajax in 1995 and Mikel Obi in 2012, are few hours left in the 2021 All English clubs final.
At the end, there will be a victory for the Manchester club which is hunting for their first title against the Londoners who are prime in the second itle and the football league they are watching over the world, Premiership will be the ultimate winner.
Eyimba forced FC IfeanyiUbah to 2-2 draw in the Oriental derby.
Enyimba FC came from behind to secure a deserved 2- draw in the week 14 fixture rescheduled against oriental brother FC IfeanyiUbah at the Aba international stadium.
The orietal derby witnessed that Eyimba made three changes to the team who lost at Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar was returned after weeks of laid off while Anthony Omaka and Victor Mbaoma entered the starting line again.
The first 28 minutes of the game saw both sides trying to hit first but the visiting side draw first blood through Saidu Adamu who pokee his home from close range after Uche Onuoha headed Evans Ogbonda cross to meet him.
With the away side full control of the game, they have even more confidence and that left the host to be scrambled to get back into the game as the first end to 1-0 in favour of the visitors.
On the restart of the second half, IfeanyiUbah continued to press for the second goal and they got the reward deserved when Saidu Adamu got his brace after having Awazie square passed over the line in the 61st minute.
With the second goal sting them to life, Eyimba started throwing everything for their Arsenal to get back into the game.
In the 78th minute, the presence was paid off as Reuben Bala reduced the deficit at Eyimba in a lucky fashion.
Sharp Uzoigwe kept out his initial header but the ball rolled back to him and over the line.
The goal is to give Eyimba some hope as they continue to press for plunty nomba to secure a point at least.
And they got this in the 90th minute through Imot Obot.
Following this result, Eyimba has moved up to 5th position with 31 points from 17 games with two more outstanding matches.
Meanwhile, FC IfeanyiUbah is still in relegation zone with 17 points in 19 games.
Farmers are apprehensive as planting season begins with erratic rain
With the wet season commencing most part of the season, farmers had started palnting with fears as rain is erratic and could threaten production.
Rains are unsatable in Benue, Nasarawa, Niger, Kaduna and parts of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), and many farmers have planted crops.
In the 2019/2020 wet season, erratic rain in the north and mid-season draught in the south-west made farmers losing money due to crop failure.
Musa Yohana and Halima Thomas, farmers in Doma and Lafia, Nasarawa State, said they have planned maize, groundnut including other crops like casava and yam but fear that they might have another horrible experience like last season when they were forced to plant maize and groundnut twice.
I lost my yam last year due to excessive heat because of rainfall.
This year, we have been another week in May but rain is yet to fall well.
And I have already planted 15 measures (about 20kg) of groundnut.
If it continues like this for another one week, I will lose all the seeds, said Mr Yohana.
Like them, many farmers around the FCT have planned too, but they are very afraid of crop failure as experienced last year.
In Benue State, in Benue State, our correspondent reproduced that farmers had commenced cultivation of land and planted crops on complaination that rain was not falling.
Some farmers who had prepared them to farm earlier in the tear said they couldn't begin to grow until a week ago, while others just started to clear land at the wake of the rainfall three times withing two weeks ago.
A farmer in Otukpo, Ada hyacinth, said the ground was still too strong to cultivate because the rains were not frequently falling.
Another farmer, Felix Tor, in Makurdi, said he just planted melon and maize on the farm he just cleared despite rainfall.
Tor however expressed fear that the nature of the rainfall could affect the wellbeing of the crop.
He prayed that the yield should do better in the end.
But Vitalis Tarnongu, who has been clearing his 1,000 hectares of farmland in the federal Unversity of Agriculture, Makurdi (FUAM), said as the rainfall this year will lead to the commencement of cultivation of maize towards the end of May.
Tarnongu said a plant breeder at the University advised him to wait until May 20 to commence planting his maize because the nature of the rainfall since the season suggests the possibility of rainfall without falling for two weeks.
The sate chairman of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Aondongu Saaku, described farming as a business worth taking risk on.
Saaku said that farmers who are viewing it as have assumed the risk to multiple their crops already because without such a risk they would not reap at the end of the day.
Meanwhile, Dr Teryima Iorlamen, a seed system specialist with FUAm, said farmers could go ahead to plant their roots and tuber crops following the prediction of rainfall made by NIMET this year.
Iorlamen said that the period expected to wait for farmers had passed, stressing that the prediction of NIMET for an rainfall pattern in Benue State, which is (expert) working with, indicated that rain would stabilise the state between April 18 and April 30, 2021.
Farmers can be assured that rainfall has stabilised according to NIMET's predictions.
Anythimg different to now will be a dry spell.
I have advised farmers to check water logging capacity in their fields in order to plant crops as required.
Rice like plenty of water, so there is no time to plant it.
But farmers can get into roots and tubers now, including yams, cassava, maize and melon.
The rain is believed to be stabilised.
Senate mounts late Army Chief, Ahmed Gulak
The Senate, on Tueday, held a minute silence to honour the demise of a former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, who was killed with strong eyes on Sunday in Owerri, Imo state capital.
This followed a motion of the Deputy Senate President and Chairman of the Senate on the Senate Constitution Review Committee, Ovie Omo-Agege, at the floor of the Red Chamber.
Omo-Agege was drawing attention of his colleagues to the kill of Gulak, who was hire by the lawmaker to assist his committee on the amendment of the Nigerian people into the constitution.
Gulak served as a consultant to the committee and entered into Owerri for the public hearing on the review of the 199 constitutions.
Although the programme had ended on Thursday, Gulak stayed behind and left on Sunday.
He was killed on his way to the airport in Owerri on his way to Abuja.
Omo-Agege described Gulak as a Nigerian not doing anything tribal, which gave his best to the service of the country.
Also, on Tuesday, the Senate urged the federal government to immortalise the late Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Gen. Ibrahim Attahiru.
The red chamber also observed a minute silence to take honuor Lt. Gen. Attahiru, who died in a flight crash near Kaduna International Airport.
This followed the point of order by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army Matters, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIN/profile code: NANS raises voice concerning disenfranchisement of students by JAMB
The Kaduna State Chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) on Tuesday said thousands of candidates would not take part in the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) this year.
examination of hitches on NIN/Profile code.
NANS chairman in the stste, Axiz Huziafa Bello, in a statement issued yesterday in Kaduna is disagree with the JAMB.
Bello calls for extension of the electronic registration instead of risking the life of students to travel to the headquarters of JAMB in states for manual registration.
He noted that the news bulletin released on Monday with the title Issues surrounding the 2021 UTME registration: Option available for genuine candidates who made attempts but could not register, showing that the management has failed to show sorry face for the hardship and agony the candidates are facing.
He appealed to give a prominent Nigerian to prevail on the management of JAMB to stop making thimgs hard for students in Nigeria while trying to get higher education and develop themselves.
He urged the examination body to extend the registration period and postpon the exam to do justice and fairness.