How to see the body of a civil defence officer in a grave that is not deep.
The dead body of a woman officer working in Nigeria Security and Civil Defence Corps (NSCDC) who was found for 18 months, was seen in a grave not deep in Obi Local Government Area in Benue State.
until by the time we did not see him again, Josephine Cynthia Inalegwu Onche, was working at the NSCDC office in Otukpo.
Cynthia was Idoma, and was Otukpo, just missed when she was planning her marriage.
Some of her work people who did not want to write their names said she was not able to find him again when her marriage remained small days.
We said she was going to market to buy things as she prepared for her marriage, but she did not return home since.
One of the office personnel of the died said while trying to find him reached, he did not see him until one other man came and showed where he was.
The Okadaman told the family that he was the one who wants to marry a child, using him to do rotual for money.
After the Okadaman took the family members and security to arrest the man, the man was taken to the Baba who did the ritual in Obi local government, before he went to the Baba who did the ritual in Obi local government, before he went into South-West State.
When police had intercepted the husband and his herbalist in Otukpo, the family members of the died have moved the body to where he was buried, organised burial for him on June 1, 2021.
Call, or answer messages sent to him on the incident, DSP Catherine Anene, who was a spokesman of Benue police, was not greeted to carry.
The spokesman of the NSCDC in the state, Asc Ejelikwu Micheal has not greeted anythimg when we met him, he said he will speak when time reaches.
But an insider said the news of the findings had put sadness in the security peoples mind.
In the review of the constitution: MURIC said sharia was in SouthWest before Christianity enters.
The Muslim Right Concern has urged the Penticostal Fellowship of Nigeria (PFN) to stop opposing Muslims, mind business.
The director of MURIC, Professor Ishaq Akintola, said it on Sunday.
He said this one after the warning by PFN that any group should not use the review of constitution that senate is doing carrying shariah law into south-west.
PFN and other Christian members know that shariah was in south-west before christianity entered in 1842.
It was practiced shariah in Ede, during the time of Oba Abeeb Olagunju (Abbeb is a Muslim name) and said.
The Shariah court in Ede is still working in 1913, in Agbeni in the town.
It was taken to Agbongbon in 1914.
They used shariah in Iwo durin by the time of Oba Momodu Lamuye (Muhammad Lamuye), who died in 1906.
Even so, the nomba svevn Akirun of Ikrun, Oba Aliyu Oyewole, who died in 1912, carryed shariah into Ikrun in 1910.
All this is an example that shariah has been spreading in Yorubaland, and to say that the Christian people are aware that they have stopped shariah in Yorubaland, which comes to impose Christian common law, Akintola said.
He said PFN and some other Christian members were aware that Islamic wakas have grown in the south west, and fear is catching that the giant who sleeps had woken to carry what belongs to him.
He said the Christian knows that shariah is the right that Allah has given Muslims.
But they have determined that Muslims will not use it, saying it is the new way to use.
They have it in mind that war is going to follow Muslim peoples fight, and that there is no bad in war.
They use both good and bad ways to do what they think.
The Nigerian people have been calling on Nigerians to understand the mentality of the Christian people here.
As it is in a quick vex, believing that it is to attack people, the only way to defend is that.
As perhaps it was gained from the colonial jaguda that reached a century that time, they want to kip all the things that colonial oga can carry.
It has been in mind that Muslims would be put into the place which colonialists are chasing.
The joint body reviewing constitution has said Nigerians should write what they want in the constitution.
Each group should bring the needed things to them.
Instead of telling the congregations what the christians want, they think they should not ask.
It was wanting to block Muslims in the south, but it would not work.
He said speaking about religious tolerance in the south, it was a lie, and said it was to put Yoruba people who are Muslims in slavery.
Muslims in the region are openly asking for freedom.
We urged to stop forced us to wear Christian school uniforms, to go to Christian school, to use Christian law.
We want a shariah that does not cut people hand, but the shariah that will regulate Muslim marriage, inherritance and family affairs.
The thing is not concerning Christians at all.
We will use all the ways not to fight, which follows law, to do the thing.
Stakeholders in Edo have said Obaseki is a party leader.
As the People's Democratic Party in Edo State has a crisis of who will control the party, member or Edo South of the party, the state governor, Godwin Obaseki and his deputy, Philip Shaibu has said the state governor, Godwin Obaseki and his deputy, Philip Shaibu are good.
Edo South PDP in a communique issued at the end of the stakeholder meeting on weekend in Benin city, said Godwin Obaseki was the leader of the party in the state.
In the communiques read by the secretary, Wilson Evbuonwam, he said the harmonization and integration of new people into the executive committee of the party, to enable the state to develop a welcoming state.
Police have intercepted a kidnapper in Abuja, even collected guns.
The Police team of FCT has arrested eight suspected kidnappers in Shenegu-Tunga Maje, Gwagwalada, Kabusa village and Durumi axis of Abuja.
The spokesman of the command, ASP Maryam Yusuf, who spoke on a siddon in Abuja, said the name of the suspect was Yakubu Ahmadu, Ibrahim Mallam Musa, and Bello Haruna.
She said the suspects were members of a syndicate linked to the kidnap attempt on the Vice President of the Nigerian Bar Association (NBA).
Gwagwalada branch, Barrister David Aigbefoh
She said the suspect was arrested during a coordinated intelligence operation by police people from the command anti-kidnapping squad in Shenegu mountain on the border of the FCT and Niger State.
She said the suspects had given beta information on the activities in the group.
Yusuf later said he arrested a Nwite Jideofor who staged his kidnap from Durumi area, where the suspect confessed that he conceived with people who came kidnap him to collects reached 5 million from his sister as ransom.
She said some of the exhibits collected from the suspect were three dane guns, seven cutlas, one Honda Accord painted bleck, four mobile phones and other item she added.
She said all the suspects will be taken to court when they are investigating violence, as she warned parents and guardians to draw ear fro children not doing crime.
Suarez strike, Atletico will win La Liga title
The goal scored by Luiz Suarez has made Athletico Mardrid beat Real Valladolid 2-1 on Saturday, making the team have another remarkable La Liga victory.
Suarez was crying for the beginning of the season seek of Barcelona to force him out, but as the season ended, it was his 21st goal in the season to Athleticoto win first league since 2014, which won ahead of Real Madrid.
Athletico knows that if they win the trophy, it does not matter what Madrid do in Villareal at home.
But it was not comfortable, as Valladolid take early lead.
Real Madrid were behind in the game, before Karim Benzema equalized in 87 minutes, and Luka Modric scored a late winner in 2-1 at Valdebebas, which hanged Athletico for a long time, as it remained small to scatter the thing with just one goal.
When the final whistle was blown, players run into the field, red and white shirt cover Suarez, seek of a title race that even was unpredictable.
Suarez Zone
It was just a week small.
Coach Diego Simone said the Suarez zone is this.
And it took to prove it, as the Uruguayan scored the title in Athletico hand last week, he scored on the last day again to write a name for the trophy.
This is the second time in 17 years that any team apart from Barcelona or Real Madrid has won the league, Athleti still won the other one under Simeone in 2014.
Athletico started the game, having been top table since December, and having scored two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna.
But the thing was not easy for Athletico this season, as they had 10 points lead in February, and the point reduced to 2 in May, and position as nomba one in the table rely on making Real Madrid and Barcelona slip.
So it was not surprised that as Valladolid was 19th in the table, it was still patched patches.
Plenty Athletico fans have gathered at the Valladolid Plaza Mayor to sing songs, and plenty of fans also reached outside of the stadium, where they were also moved outside of the stadium, where they were also moved outside of the stadium.
The killing of Gulak has caused people to shout.
People shout and mourn on Sunday as they were killed.
Ahmed Gullak, who was before before adviser to former presido Goodluck Jonathan on politicss matter, was before before adviser to former presido Goodluck Jonathan on politicss matter, by people who carry guns.
Gulak was shot at Obiangwu village as he was trying to enter Sam Mbakwe airport in Owerri, capital of Imo State, saying he wants to enter Abuja.
It was yesterday evening a funeral paryer for the politician from Adamawa who came into the national mosque in Abuja, after a robbery of his body in Gudu cemetary around 8pm.
Police officers in Imo State said at least six of the killings of the All Progressives Congress (APC) were killed after fighting.
A statement by Police Public Relations Officer, SP Bala Elkana, said on 30 May, 2021, as police people received calls that jaguda people had killed Ahmed Gulak, special forces for police people, including Intellingence Response Team (IRT), Police Mobile Force (PMF), and tactical unit from the command, was sent to the place at Obiagwu junction, Ngorokpala LGA of Imo State.
The instruction given to the team is to catch the people who do the thing, to face justice.
The suspect that Gulak was killed, is his Imo police people have stopped since yesterday.
According to them, especially the driver of the Gulak's moto, which took him to the airport, has described the jaguda people, and the kin moto used to carry out the jaguda waka.
Toyota Camry is a 2005 model, which is silver coloured by the jaguda people, with a sienna which is 1998 medal and golden color.
Toyota Hilux painted white, and a Lexus 330, painted gold.
(They did not put registration number, because of security matter)
As they know the kind of killers, and the kind of motors carrying out the attack, they later told the way the killers followed them.
With some kind of lead, the team later established where the killer people are.
It was at Afor Enyiogugu for catching the suspect, in Anoh-Mbaise local government area.
It was as the jaguda people were dotted with onion in a trailer that was confiscated.
It was onions full in the trailer from Northern Nigeria.
As seen by the police people, the jaguda people protecting fellow jaguda begins to shoot gun to police people.
The gallant and a ready for battle
Police officers returned with gunshots too.
The six jaguda people who followed the kill, and four other members of the group have serious injuries.
Three out of the four vehicles taken to Gulak have been collected.
Three Ak47 riffle, one pistol, five AK47 magazines with 92 rounds of live amunation, and criminal charm were collected from him.
The jaguda people are identified as members of IPOB and ESN which have been banned.
The driver who drived late Ahmed Gulak, and the surviving victims have identified the deadly body of the IPOB/ESN member as being attacked, and the motor was kolekted as the same motor used.
During the face to face with the jaguda people, two armored personnel carriers belonging to police people were taken to gun scater, but they did not spoil finish.
And the video made after the after the attack showed Gulak wearing a jean trouser, and a blue shirt as he sleeps inside his own blood, near the car abandoned.
Gulak was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election which carryed Hope Uzodinma into representing the party.
The governor even said he was close to the governor, visiting the state.
Why is he in Owerri?
Gulak has been visiting Owerri once again since Uzodinma has entered sit, it was to attend the public hearing of review of constitution in the city which took him to the last time.
As the committee has completed its sitting, Gulak was sat back when other members of the committee came to the city on Friday.
Pesin close to Senator Orji Uzor Kalu, who was chairman of the public hearing in Owerri, said the deceased private was Kalus own after the siddon said, but he refused it.
According to the source, Kalu team was left the city the day the public hearing end, but Gulak stayed back, said he had things to do in the city.
The source said we moved Owerri the day of the public hearing and told him to join us in our private jet, because we have enough security with us.
But he said he had somethimg to do in the city.
Nigerians have carrying knocks to FG, and other political parties concerning the killing.
Nigerians in social media have put hand in ear to the federal government and police leaders over the killing.
One commenter on the Facebook link carrying the tori published by Daily Trust, Ifeanyi Maduako, said the death of Gulak was bitter, linking it with politics.
The bitter in my mouth welwel.
It is like politics, and the people who do, we openly face it.
The killing will expose people behind the security wahala in Imo State.
It was who invited him, and why would he kill northerner in Imo state.
I fear what will happen to innocent Imo people in some days in the hands of security people controled by the north.
Another commentator in the thread, Olurombi Micheal Omo, said as police report has proven that it is a political kiln, they should investigate it.
He said police people had questions to nswer to.
In his own part, Comr Hassan Ahmad writes that the soul of innocent people is important than the scam called Unity in Nigeria.
We will not gree this illiteracy, enof is enof, we are peacemakers.
But those pushing us to meet the wall are seeing that we cannot continue with the peace.
I am sending a warning, we will retaliate and worst.
Buhari you have failed us woefully, and we face the Imo police to follow the jaguda people.
Nasiru Inuwa said it was a wake up call to the big people in the north, beginning with innocent Fulani herders, now turning to northern government officials, plus prominent politicians.
Emma Powerful, a secretary of IPOB, has said in a statement that IPOB should not link IPOB to the murder of Gulak.
So, we said IPOB did not know anythimg about the killing that happened.
To begin with several, Gulak is taking threats to our mission that has warranted killing him.
We don't have anythimg with him, and we don't have killed him.
To point hand to IPOB for this barbaric act is just to divert attention away from the real people who do it.
It is the same way that terrorists with their security uniforms commit atrocities in the southeast, and come into IPOB for crime, because they want to spoil our reputation.
It is an opportunate that has been found for a long time to start another special military operation in Eastern Region to take more Biafra people innocent.
Instead of scarity people to do proper investigate on the incident and causes it, IPOB has faced a crime that was not done.
She had the information for the movement of the late Gulak reached the airport road.
The group said security personnel should first investigate a host Gulak, that is Hope Uzordinma, and his political opponent, to establish if they are involved.
The killing of Gulak will not escape punishment.
Presido, Muhammadu Buhari has said the people who killed Gulak and other wahala in the country would not go to scot free.
Presido, Buhari, in a statement in a statement in a spokesperson, Garba Shehu, expressed his outrage and disgust over the heinous murder.
The president, who has shown that the incident made him sad, said I was repulsed by the gruesome murder of Gulak which was premeditated by evil people, who have demolished the peace, unity and teritorial integrity of our country.
It should be warned that nobody, or a group that is doing that kind of thing that is despicable will expect to go free.
We will use every thing we have to see that people who do this kind of calous and criminal acts will face justice.
Akeredolu said Gulak was unacceptable.
Governor of Ondo State, Olwarotimi Akeredolu, described the news of the killing as shocking and disturbing.
In a statement signed by the Governor, he said this is murder too many, saying things are senseless and wicked.
The people who do this kind of bad things are enemy of the country.
The corner-corner way is to mislead, confuse and destroy.
He has the unmistakable, despicable imprints of fifth columnists seeking to set the country on the path of conflagration.
They must not allow these criminals to succeed.
We want to use this medium to tell our brother, Governor of Imo State, Hope Uzordinma that we are with him.
We encourage him and other Governors in South Eastern states to brace up, confront the security wahala to end bloodbath in the country.
The enemy of the people is always using weapons of fear to create disaffection.
The coward act is to instigate Nigerians to face each other, instigate northerners to face Igbo people living outside the South East.
We must face the enemy of the people, to see that we have taken power in our hands.
This is not time to argue who sabi politicians pass.
We should not allow bandits to spoil the legitimacy of this government at all levels.
We are calling on all security personnel to gather to see the criminals sponsoring, and those who are doing terrorists.
It must be punished severely.
Fintiri mourn
The Governor of Adamawa State, Umara Ahmadu Fintiri has said the way Gulak was shocked, saying he was a former speaker in Adamawa State.
Governor Fintiri said the death was painful, how wicked people take wicked reach.
Governor Fintiri said Late Gulak was a witty, determined, and a practical politician, which is that as he took rise, it was result of his hardwork.
It is unfortunate that the death has been kolekted from us.
Hon Ahmed Gulak in a gruesome manner
Gulak is a lively politician who follows every thing and always has the interest of the country in his mind.
As he remembered his interaction with late Gulak, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri said he was a broda and mentor, and seek of lawter, human right fighter.
Madagali community lost better son
In a statement released by his Chief Press Secretary Hunwashi Wanisoukou in Yola yesterday, the governor said we have lost one of the strong men who fight for human right.
We all remember how passionate he fights for the people who insurgency jaguda have sent komot in their homes, and people with no means.
ACF condens the kiln
Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF) has condened the kiln of Gulak, saying it is a big loss for our country.
The ACF in a statement signed by the national publicity secretary, Emmanuel Yawe, said Gulak was a dynamic politician and progressive politician from nowhere.
If you like him, or you don't like him, it is your business.
Let God bless, and give his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to bear the loss.
The killing was part of the plan to repeat the coup in 1966 CNG.
The coalition for Norther Groups (CNG) has described the killing of northern politician Ahmed Gulak, before political adviser to former presido Goodluck Jonathan, as a plan, and all the attack on police people in Southeast of Nigeria, was to try to repeat the coup that happened in 1966.
The CNg in a statement signed by spokesman Abdul-Azeez Suleiman said this is the reason norther part of the country cannot live with southeast as a country, alleging that the violent way of the Indigenous People of Biafra, The eastern Security network (ESN), and other Igbo funds were funded, with confidence, by every part of the Igbo society, both home and the obodo oyinbo.
Westham hopes to reach top-four has spoiled with how lost to Everton.
Westhams hope to reach top-four has spoiled because they did not play well against Everton who are hopeful to enter the European league on Sunday.
The goal scored by Dominic Caivert-Lewin in the 24th minute of their game show was determined to win Westham who had made mouthful to score in that serious afternoon.
The closest Westham reached to equalize was when Vladmir Coufal shot a ball chop bar and Jerron Bowenno could not hit him back in post upon being the goal post front.
People supporting Vice-president Yemi Osinbajo have shown that he is still back as showcased as a presidential candidate in the coming election.
Osinbajo said he was not a president.
Vice-president Osinbajo said all the small statements that he has a mind to be president in 2023 Presidential Election were distraction.
Those who are not condemned have been in town saying Osinbajo eyed President post in the land.
Laolu Akande, Vice-president, said Vice-president had not declared his interest to be president in his statement on Monday.
The Vice-president office has put their eyes in a Website body.
supportosinbajo calls Nigerians to join volunteer groups to support Prof. Yemi Osinbajo, SAN, to prepare for the 2023 Presidential election.
Details of the website and how they beg have been full Whatsapp plus the fact that Osinbajo has declared interest in the 2023 election.
The vice president office has no contact with the group or the website standing for him and feel that the whole thin is a distraction that is not necessary.
Prof Osinbajo has not said he wants to be president in the 2023 election, he is focusing on working as Vice President in the current administration to face serious challenges in the country.
The statement said: We are asking our people to stop all the wahala, to face the challenges facing us as Nigerian people, to do well for our people, to peace and prosperity in our land.
Ndidi and Iheanacho have made Nigeria proud again in Leicester City playing as they carry the Kontri flag show off, which is why their team won the FA Cup.
NFF have congratulated Ndidi Iheanacho for the FA Cup win at Leichester City.
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NFF)
Mr Amaju Melvin Pinnick, has sent a message to congratulate Super Eagles Midfielder Wilfred Ndidi and Forward Kelechi Iheanacho for their win in Leichester city against Chealsea which was being hyped on Saturday.
FA Cup final in England
The two of them were on the march at Wembley and celebrated after the march with Nigerian flag as they joined the list of the other seven Nigerian players who have been carrying the England Cup.
I am very happy in Ndidi and Iheanacho.
They worked well in Leichester City throughout the campaign and both and their team deserve the honor.
I have believed that this win will work as high morale in the friendly march we want to play this summer and the FIFA World Cup which will start in September.
I also am happy with the Nigeria Flag which two of them celebrate whenever they finish.
That is absolutely awesome.
Ndidi and Iheanacho were the second pair of Nigeria who celebrated the FA Cup win in England, that was after Nwankwo Kanu and John Utaka win in Portsmouth against Cardiff in 2008.
Before that time, Daniel Amokachi had won in Everton in 1995; Celestine Babayaro was in Chelsea in 1999, Kanu in Arsenal in 2002 and John Mikel Obi in Chelsea in 2007.
After Kanu/Utaka win in 2008, John Mikel Obi won again in Chelsea in 2009, 2010 and 2012, Alex Iwobi win in Arsernal in 2017, Victor Moses also joined the win in 2018.
When I was at the Federal Government College in Enugu in the early 70s, it was a train I used to transport myself from Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokovic warm up in Roland Garros with Belgrade title
Novak Djokovic completed his warm-up with success at Roland Garros when he beat Slovakian Alex 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday in the final of the ATP Clay tournament in Belgrade.
This was the second event in the city for over one month when fans came, which was not like the Serbia Open that happened in April when the stadium dryed.
Djokovic said he has played in people front, Belgrade winner who lost semifinal in Serbia Open which was 2011 he won it last.
The herder-farmer kasala in Nigeria has turned to what is showing face in news today.
To end Nigeria herder-farmer kasala: The Livestock reform Plan
Nigerias federal and state government struggle to implement a National Livestock Transformation Plan to control cattle movement throughout the country to turn to herders and farmers fight.
Many state governments have endorsed it, but it is facing some kind of challenge.
Political leadership worked well, perception about his purposes, budget constraints increasing because of COVID-19 pandemic, experts not to do the work and insecurity everywhere, blocking the progress.
If the plan fails as like the other plans to modernise livestock management, the farmers and herders fight will increase.
National Economic Council approved it in January 2019, the plan was to represent the effort that people will understand pass to examine the livestock system that is not working well.
The main part of the strategy is to control where grazing happens, so that it can reduce the fight between herders and farmers.
The movement has hoped that after 10 years,herders who are going up and down mainly will have minds to put their cattle in ranches and reserves for public grazing, where breeding farms and other mechanised livestock management will support what the sector will produce.
By the end of 2028, the authority had it in mind to build like 119 ranches in all the states involved, to create like two million jobs in the livestock production, processing and market chain.
President Muhammadu Buhari administration made the plan after a period where herders and farmers were fighting, particilarly when the fight was to much and affected people in ghettos in 2018.
The Federal Government with a mind to drop more than 80 percent of the Transformation proposals submitted by the states involved, has taken the first step to practice what they plan, including technical support to help state prepare to start work, including field surveys and site mapping.
Many state have reactivated grazing reserves demarcated, open offices, set up a steering committee to manage the plan.
The authority has been doing workshop and other work to teach people the benefit of livestock reform.
As two years have come out of the 10-year plan, they have not built any ranch and their obstacles many.
opposition from the herders, though it is from the Fulani people, though it is from the Fulani people, is still among the farmers who don't want to enjoy the benefit of the plan, spoiling the reform effort.
In the Middle Belt, a place where fighting between farmers and herders is too much because of land, even though peacemakin and efforts by the military since 2018 have reduced the bloodshed.
Shortage in federal and state government budgets, small part is because of the economy that was spoiled because of the pandemic, and because the country has no technical experts who know how to manage ranch and grazing reserves.
In many states, especially in North-West, the growth of criminal gang and groups with arm growth spoils access to grazing reserves and makes people want to invest before they do it again.
Unless there is somethimg about it, this kasala and other ones can delay or spoil the plan, which would make the country helpless when the fight between farmers and herders is serious as before own, which can turn into a fight between ethnic groups, region and religion.
To tackle this problem, it is important that Federal and State authorities join hands to make efforts, with donors and investors help.
First, Abuja and other states supporting it provide political leadership that stronger than before, to increase their communication with public, so that they can spoil people doubt and wrong understanding of the plan.
This is common for pastoralists their side, who will ask for changes in their nomadic lives with their people for centuries, who still have serious doubt that the plan promises about pasture are lies.
But many farmers fear they will lose their land to those who produce livestock.
Many people in the middle Belt and other states in the South still suspect the plan long-term goals, which is seen as an opportunity for herders and Fulani people particularly.
With the support from Abuja and other partners, state governments must find experts, who will know technical aspects of thins, especially those manageing the ranch and grazing reserve, dairy production and meat processing.
Let Federal and State governments increase their budget for the plan, release the fund quickly and create financial transparency to make sure that everythimg is accounted for, working with donors and investors necessary.
It is important to deal with insecurities in rural areas, curb impunity and rehabilitate communities affecting seriously the states participating.
Authorities should consider weather changes, decide if herders from other countries sometimes benefit from the plan.
As some of these steps take time, they should focus on how to bring a strong result, which they can see in a small time.
less than two years from now, the country will hold general elections.
If the plan will survive the change of government following, politicians must bring proof that it has benefited (Change is certain, as president Buhari and many state governors will not compete again as they have served two terms).
By the time the elections have been hot in 2022, the people backing the plan should show some of the ranches built or the reserve repaired, strong donors and their investors commitment and the first group of professional livestock farmers who have trained to be professional in Livestock mamagement.
Nothin in this thin is easy but the plan worth the effort.
No, it is perfect, but it brings a chance to change Nigerias livestock system with strategies that address the need for both herders and small-scale farmers.
About 70 percent of Nigerians working in agriculture are getting money from Agriculture.
To modernise the Livestock sector will boost the countrys prosperity and in the same time, it is a big way to solve one of Nigerias dangerous challenges.
As time is reaching for the 2023 election, both federal and state authorities must do quickly to see what they do, or else all their work to create this kind of moment of opportunity will spoil.
This is an executive summary of the report on the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) and how its work goes fast, the International Crisis Group published it.
The kind of conversation I had with the king.
Abi you are not greeted.
It is responsible for very high proportions of food and crop production.
Subsistence farmers are the smallholders consuming the majority of their farm output that have been holgled back to participate actively in commercially oriented agriculture by a variety of constraints.
No energy for nobody that is happy for me.
It was me.
This brings me to conclusion that everyone is evil.
This system has characterised it as complex, diverse and risk-prone.
Farms are always small, doing it under traditinal or informal tenure, and it is marginal risk-prone environments.
Yields are low and farmers are lacking the capacity to increase yields.
We yarn life and prosperity this day.
Way you are?
The emphasis is on agricultural productivity, production enhancement and commercialising farming as an enterprise.
I know every-ever.
Akpos and his friends sit-down yarn
The yields of the smallholder farmers are profitable.
You are here.
This challenges have led to many smallholder farmers to pursue livelihoods with lower-risk and lower-yielding agricultural activities.
You are a witch?
I am on my road to sabo I will buy food.
I will call my father.
As developing countries grow larger, richer, and more urban, the intensification of agricultural production will occur in rapidly changing agri-food value chains.
Aw, how far I am going to come.
This development shifts the competitive advantage away from petty farmers.
It is important to find a solution to the problem.
This will require an intergrated approach of methodologies.
The loan sharks are on his neck.
This is a sad thing.
He sent me errands in where I work.
The water has flooded the whole farm.
farmers have a lot of battles in 2020
For many farmers and other stakeholders in the agro-sector, the year 2020 will remain as one of the worse years in the history of Nigeria because it introduced new dynamics that millions of smallholder farmers will contend with.
Many challenges have been confronted in the agricultural sector ranging from the issues climate change-related, conflicts and complications exacerbated from the global COVID-19 pandemic, which caused pain and heartbreak to farmers and agribusiness players.
First, the COVID-19 lockdown and restrictions happen in the time dry season farmers should harvest their crops and wet season farmers should begin cultivation.
Many farmers cannot go their farms while others have labourers to harvest their farms since mechanization is a huge challenge and manual harvest is the problem.
They have introduced movement restrictions to curb the spread of the coronavirus locked-down markets that have disrupted the rural economy.
Many farmers cannot sell their produce that will enable them to buy seed and fertilizer, pay labourers/tractor services.
Even when the lockdown was lifted in the agricultural sector, the price of fertilizer has increased so that many smallholders cannot afford it.
In some places the price has rose to N13,000 for a bag of Indorama and Notore Urea.
NPK 15-15-15 has reached N25,000 when the federal government NPK20-10-10 under the presidential fertilizer initiative, which supposed to sell for farmers at N5000 is not available in many places and areas where the price is rising reaching N7,000 and higher than this in some places.
For farmers in Zamfara, Katsina, southern kaduna, some parts of Kebbi and Sokoto states, bandits activities not only deny access to their farms but the men also kill many in their farms.
Many farming communities were razed down by razing down many farming communities.
Kidnap people and demand ransom
Many people paid large sums of money or surrender large portions of their harvest for the bandits.
Many villages in those states have been desolate.
The agric sector has witnessed one of the worst disasters when one of the worst disasters when a flood wiped out 450,000 hectares of rice and maize fields estimated at over N3.5 billion in Kebbi, Sokoto and Kano states.
Many of the affected farmers are yet to be compensated as their livelihood has been destroyed.
The flood has worsened since the 2012 disater that wrecked havoc across most of Nigeria's coastal and flood-prone areas killing people and washing away farmland.
Meanwhile, as the flood brings pain in farmers heart up in the North, drought confronts farmers down south.
For two months, farmers were not happy but watched as their investments in crops were wither away.
There is no disguise.
A few subsectors hit badly are poultry and feeds.
The scarcity of maize in the begining has caused prices to increase.
It has also forced poultry association in Nigeria to send save our soul appeal to the federal government for urgent atention.
The federal government has responded for the appeal and release 5,000 metric tons of maize from the nations strategic reserve for farmers in addition to grant some of the big players licences to import about 222 metric tons of maize to augment the shortfall in the feed industry.
Whatever, this is just a short-term solution because three months have passed, the scarcity of soyabean struck, which made the farmers express their fear that by january 2021, the industry will shut down completely.
The scarcity resulted in a serious feed crisis in the industry as prices have reached a high record in its history as prices rose from N2,600 in February to about N5,500.
The poultry industry has lost an estimate of N7 million jobs with figures projected to 10 million by january 2021 whereas estimate the loss in investments conservatively is about N1.5 trillion.
While the poultry farmers still struggle with the challenges that mar the sector, the crop farmers despite the daunting challenges confronting the sector in the 2020 farming year, have buyers moved right up to their farms even before harvest to make bulk purchase arrangements.
This is the first time that the price of grain did not come down at harvest time, as it sparked fear of hunger and the call to reopen the border, which will allow influx of products smuggle through the country's porous borders.
The name of the lord is a strong tower.
3,000 youths benefit from NALDA's farm estate in Ebonyi
The National Agricultural Land Development Authority (NALDA) has said the agency would engage at least 3,000 youths in Ebonyi State in its proposed intergrated farm estate in the state.
The intergrated farm estate will be completed and commissioned by October this year.
The executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, who announced it on Tuesday said the proposed integrated farm estate would be established on 104 hectares of land donated by the state government.
Prince Ikonne, also in Ebonyi State in a courtesy visit to the governor on Monday, Engr David Umahi, said the intergrated farm estate would be completed in October 2021.
This is the mandate for Mr President, to reactivate abandoned farms and develop new ones for security.
The Governor of Ebonyi State is eager.
He is total support of achieving his dreams.
So, Ebonyi State has committed to work with NALDA to engage the teeming youths into full agricultural productivity.
We have seen that the governor has keyed into Mr Presidents agenda concerning achieving food security in the country.
We are establishing an intergrated farm estate in Ebonyi State as we do it in other states.
The scheme will engage Nigerians and draw their attention to agriculture.
From Jude Owuamanam (Owerri), Lami Sadiq (Kaduna), Bola Ojuola (Akure), Abdullateef Salau, Muideen Olaniyi, Abbas Jimoh & Idowu Isamoh
New Oga Presido in Niger Republic has chook hand for terrorist eye on crime committed.
Niger Republic new governor Presido Mohamed Bazoum has put hands on terrorists which barbaric act has passed limit after his entry into power on Friday in a country facing two jihadist insurgency.
Bazoum said the groups were killing plenty innocent people, and by that, they were real war crimes committed.
He said the leaders of the groups came from other countries, saying they were just attacking Niger for nothing.
He said no terrorist leader has any vex with the country.
Bazoum, 61 years old, was elected for two rounds in December and february.
Right hand pesin of Mahamadou Issoufou, who is 68 years, stepped down by hisself after spending two fove years in office.
It was his inauguration the first time elected leaders handover each other in Niger history for over 60 years having independence, but the attack from jihadists and some kind of plans to do a coup has spoiled the celebration.
Niger suffers insurgency closely connected to Al-qaeda or Islami State (IS), which enters west from Burkina Faso and Mali, and from Nigeria as Boko haram enters from southeast.
It has been over 300 people who have been killed in three attacks in the west since the year started.
The most recent incident was when 141 members of the Tuareg community were killed on March 21, in Tahoua, a big desert in Mali.
Bazoum said the effort of Niger Rebuplic under him as the presido will focus on Mali.
He said the current situation in Mali has direct impact on security in its own country.
Insurgents linked to IS have been based in Menaka and Gao, eastern and central Mali as Bazoum said.
He said to fight would be very difficult as long as Mali as a country has no full charge over the region.
For early hours in Wednesday, after shooting a gun near the presidency in Niamey, the government said the coup was stopped.
He described the thing as an act of a coward and regressive treating to democracy and state of the law.
This is four coups the country in West Africa have suffered, the recent one which happened in Februry 2010, and killed Presido Mamadou Tandja.
Google said it could komot from Australia.
Google has a threat to Australia to komot the search engine in the country, as the country has told the country to share gains with those who publish news.
Australia wants to introduce the first of its kind laws as it requires Google, Facebook, and other tech companies to pay news people for the content they bring.
But the US firms are fighting back, warned that they could komot service in the country.
Oga Prime Minister in Australia, Scott Morrison said lamakers will not listen to any threat.
Although Australia is not one of the big places to take market things, this news code proposed can be a global test of how governments will begin regulating big tech firms.
This code in Australia will tie Google and Facebook, to negotiate with publishers over the worth of news content if they cannot reach agreement at the begining.
The managing Director of Google in India, Mel Silva told a senate siddon on Friday that the law would not work.
She said if this kind of version of the code becomes law, Google would not have a choice than to pack into Australia.
But lawmakers attacked it, saying it was blackmail and bullying Google in Australia seek of raising the reform.
He will be everywhere in the world.
She will come to every market, you will come.
Senator Rex Patrick asked that she wants to stop the precedence.
Silva said the code is a risk that is not tenable in operation in Australia.
Morrison said his government is committed to making the law for progress through parliament this year.
It is clear that Australia is making rules of what you can do in Australia.
It is in our parliament we are doing that, as he told news people on Friday.
Why is Australia pushing for this kind of law?
Google is the dominant search engine in Australia, and the government has described as an essential utility that does not have any market competition.
The government argument is that because the tech giant has a customer among people who want to read news, they pay a good amount to newsroom for journalism.
In addition, argue that the financial support is necessary or embattled news industry because strong media are vital to democracy.
According to the Government, print media in Australia have suffered 75% reduction in money since 2005.
It was the thret that Google said to remove entire seach engine was tough.
The lawmakers said news only accounted for 12.5% of the searches taken by Google in Australia.
Poultry farmers are begaging to begin importing animal grade maize and soya meals.
Dr Olalekan Odunsi, General Secretary of South West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN), has called on government to facilitate importing animal grade maize and soya meals.
Odunsi said importation could save the poultry business from collapse.
He said the importation of feed grade maize will sustain the over 500 million layers, 100 million broilers, 1 million breeders and other class of poultry until next harvest.
He also urged government to avoid exporting soya, seed and soya bean meals that have been processed.
He urged governors in the region to make efforts in the production of maize as they did in the production of rice.
Odunsi puts mouth that maize farmers, soya bean farmers and those remaining in Nigeria need to collabo to take work.
He said if government does not intervene, scarcity and his prices of maize and soya would threaten another five million poultry jobs if government did not do anythimg about it.
Today, there are 210,000/MT selling maize in most states in South West, soye is 240,000/MT.
As the two item take important reach, the price of poultry feed just rose from N2750 to N3000 in April N2020 to N4850 to N5300 now.
In December, most farmers cannot sell broilers because of the cost of production was higher than what ordinary Nigerian people can buy.
Presently, eggs have been beyond what average person can buy, the price is around 1,300.
So we need to intervene to save the remaining ten million jobs in the poultry value chain of the economy.
He said.
There are suspended reps supporting Buhari from the APC.
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has suspended the member of House of Representative representing Kazaure federal constituency in Jigawa State, Muhammad Gudaji Danbaffa for six months.
In addition, there has been formed a panel with seven members to probe the allegation of insurbordination charged by the member, plus make recommendations in ten days.
Hamza Dand headed the committee, where Sanusi Kaaure is secretary.
In the petition to suspend the lawmaker, the Oga Chairman of the Local Government, claimed that when he decided to suspend Gudaji, his constituent people in Kazaure Yama ward started it, and local government put it hand.
Our correspondent reports that the lawmaker was suspended because he criticised the governor, saying the governor would change the candidate that the people want in the chairmanship and councilorship primaries that just voted.
Serena cruises past teenager Pigato in Parma Wta
Serena Williams brushed aside the challenge of local teenager Lisa Pigato in the opening round of the WTA tournament in Parma on Monday.
Williams, a nomba in the world, beat Pigato ranked 572 and making her WTA debut 6-3, 6-2, in the first meeting between the two of them.
How North-Central govs can optimize open grazing ban from South APC leader
The president, Farmers Empowerment Association in Nigeria (FEAN), plus Chairman of All Progressives Congress (APC) North-Central Forum in FCT, Honourable Obaje David, has examined how the North-Central governors can respond to the ban.
Recently, the governor of Southern State met in Asaba, Delta State, and banned open grazing to cut farmers-herders crisis plus other forms of criminality.
What is your take on the controversy that this decision generates?
Every human being has a right for action and opinion.
But the most important thing is that once you take your own action, you know the consequence.
You must consider the advantages and disadvantages.
I am not one of those who will say it is good or bad.
As a Nigerian, it is your right and liberty to live in anywhere in the country with good faith and enjoy the freedom of association.
For this basis, I will not tell you that it is a good thing.
But as a leader in North Central, I will say it is a good thing, especially in the North Central zone, as per the potential economic benefit for us and the nation.
The ban is an advantage to us.
We need to tap into it and see how we can make it real ventures and make money from it.
Luckily for us, we have a landmass that is enough to accommodate the herders, no matter the nomba who troops from the South enter the North Central.
What is your position about open grazing?
I am not one of the people who support open grazing.
I believe more in ranching, because it is what I do.
I believe that if we begin doing ranching, it will work out for us.
The governors of North Central should allow the national programme on ranching.
This kind of move could make Nortj Central the place where cows are abundant, where people can buy cows and some allied products.
It will be a means of economic empowerment, in north central people.
We have the land that southern states cannot have.
This is seen in Kogi, Niger, Kwara, plus other states.
We have given the herders homes, and ranches to be our own advantage.
The challenges the Fulani herders are not because they want to adopt ranching.
The problem is that they are not really educated on the advantages.
The culture is nomadic.
As a result, there must be a better education for accepting ranching.
We can also adopt the method in Kenya, where almost all families have cows, but you cannot still see open grazing, as cows take plenty there reach.
This is what the southern governor said.
The governor did not show where he belonged in this regard.
They are not calling for ranching or to call for federal government to put mouth.
What they say is that the herders have become a problem for us, and we must move.
She asked herders to apply for land, saying herding is personal business.
But she has asked people to apply for land like the herders.
As one of the participants in youth empowerment, especially in agriculture and value chains, why some government policy is not really working, what is the way out.
Firstly, no other administration has touched able to touch the lives of individuals like one of President Muhammadu Buhari, who can sit in your house without wahala and apply for a facility and you will get it.
Also there are some credit facility called COVID-19 loan.
Many Nigerians have collected the loan for plenty of hundreds of thousands of naira from their homes without sat to offices.
Also, with expanding some SMEs like the Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOA) and the remaining.
The challenge is that we have two sides, those who believe you and those who don't believe you.
So, for those who don't believe in the administration of Buhari, there is no benefit.
But for us who believe in Buhari, we are benefitting, and thank God for him.
Kidnappers kill driver, carry 13 people in Nasarawa
Kidnappers have killed Adamu Usman, and took 13 people near Shafa-Abakpa -Umaisha road in Toto Local Government Council of Nasarawa State.
Daily Trust gathered that he was shot three times in his abdomen and died around 9pm at the university of Abuja Teaching Hospital where he and another driver Atahiru Abukwo were receiving treatment together.
Another driver who narrowly escaped the attack Ibrahim Saidu said the incident happened at 5pm on tuesday, when plenty kidnappers with AK47 came from inside bush to waylay four moto from Ugya village.
As he said, the kidnapper waylaid the vehicle and shot gun in a moto carrying people from Ugya into Abaji.
He said the kidnapper was surrounded by the vehicle after driver lost control drive into the bush.
They took 13 passengers including one woman who was not too old in the bush as they pointed a gun to them.
In fact, you are driving behind the four motors, God save me to carry a person in one of the villages.
As I came home, I heard that the gun was shot, so I turn back.
The Ohimegye of Opanda-Umaisha, His Royal Majesty (HRM), Usman Abdullahi, said some bandits remaining in the forest were responsible for kidnapping of travelers, resident and some farmers in the area.
He said some bandits still remain and do terror in the community, urged state and federal government to collaborate to flush out the patapata.
As we contacted the spokesman of the Nasarawa State Police Command, ASP Ramhan Nansel, he said he would follow the Divisional Police Officer in Toto Local Government Area and follow news people.
They have arrested a man who followed a way in Lagos.
The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of a Victor Ebhomenyen seek of driving to Four Point Hotel, Oniru in Lagos State.
Ebhomenyen also assaulted and kos severe injury in ASP Erhator Sunday body at Four Point Hotel, Oniru, Lagos.
This is in a statement signed by Lagos Police Command spokesman CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi, in a statement signed by Lagos Police Command spokesman CSP Olumuyiwa Adejobi.
He said the command asked him to set the record straught concerning.
The incident recorded in a video entered the social media on Saturday April 17.
He said two men were assaulted by ASP Erhator Sunday, officer on duty, and creating scene at Oniru, Victoria Island, Lagos State.
Adejobi said the prime suspect, Victor, had entered police net at State Criminal Investigation Department Panti, for investigation and prosecution as and when due.
He said the command has made efforts to arrest the person who did the gbege togeda, Etinosa.
Gbajabiamila welkom as Ayade take defect as PDP urges members to stay unite
The Speaker in the House of Representatives, Rep Femi Gbajabiamila, has shown that he was happy as the Governor of Cross River State, Prof. Ben Ayade, took defect into the All Progressives Congress (APC), he said the party open to everyone.
Gbajabiamila in a statement on Thursday by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, said Ayade has shown that APC is the party to beat in the country.
The Speaker said the Cross River State governor has taken the korekt decision and showed a good example for the remaining to follow.
He said the ruling party remains open for all, he called on Nigerians to join the APC to move the country forward.
The Speaker said APC will continue to be just and fair to all members.
Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), when reacting to the defect of Ayade, urged members in Cross River State to stay unite.
In a statment which the party spokesman, Kola Ologbondiyan put mouth, our party is calling on all critical stakeholders and teeming members of our party in Cross Rivers State to immediately pull together and ensure that all structure of our party in the state remains intact.
The PDP wishes Governor Ayade well in his new political waka as well as in his future endeavours.
The forensic Bill passed by the National Assembly: It is relevant to the fight against corruption that Buhari is doing.
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on Wednesday 19th.
May 2021 in the House of Representatives and Tuesday 2nd
March 2021 in the Senate made history when it passed into law, the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill, 2021 (SB615 and HB).
791), after reading it at the Third Time in the both Chambers (SENATE and HOUSE of RePRESENTATIVE).
This act is a clear demonstration of patriotism and direct response of the National Assembly, which took target, plus strengthening and re-invigorating national frontiers in the fight against fraud, corruption and cybercrimes, which has invaded our country a lot.
Following this bill, the 9th Assembly under the distinguished and able leadership of His Excellency, Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan, PhD, CON and Rt Hon Femi Gbajabiala has shown clearly that, they have carrying legislative functions in head, as it was in the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Nigeria 1999, as it was amended.
And this also attests to the fact that the National Assembly has woken to the performance of a complementary role with other arms of Government in the fight against corruption.
It was with a happy mind and with deep sense of gratitude that I wrote this, which has been put into place as a platform for us to let Nigerians and indeed the whole world know what the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria is all about and the unique concept we are bringing on board in order to complement national efforts in its quest to ride the country of corruption, fraud and Cyber-Crimes and other related crimes.
After the Senate passed the Bill, and in view of the existence of a bi-cameral Legislature, the House of Representatives is always ready and resilient, under the able leadership of His Excellency, Rt.
Femi Gbajabiamila, Hon
The speaker followed what he did and passed the Bill on Wednesday 19th May, 2021.
As you may have heard before, the Bill to establish the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (CIFIPN) is among the bills that have been called NO to in the National Assembly.
The sad thing is that people who are supposed to put mouths in the fight against corrupt waka in Nigeria are attacking the bill, turning to enemy in common ways.
Gud thing is a good thing, it is not a substitute, it is so bad thing.
No matter how long it is reached, good will always prevails over bad just as the light superior ova darknes take constant and unquestionable.
It is important that we see small of how it will happen in the National Assembly.
It is interested that the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria (Est) Bill 2021 (CIFIPN) was the 9th Senate first passed the Bill into law on the 2nd day of March, 2021 as it passed through the legislative processes of 1st Reading, 2nd Reading and eventual in the 3rd Reading on the 2nd March, 2021 Senate passed the Bill into law with one voice when considering the urgent need for the noble legislation, of which no one will stop at any lenght to see that any legislation that will help the administration led to fight corruption would not see light of day but Senate stand welful and see it through.
It is very important for public to know that (CIFIPN) is not just a noble body but a new one in Nigeria targeted to bridge the gap in the forensics space.
Today, the need to have a standard body that will regulate the practice of forensics in Nigeria at its peak and encourage Nigerians to rise to challenge the few anti-government body intending to sabotage this step.
This bill passed by the National Assembly, showed clearly that it is patriotic and the need to strengthen national efforts against corruption, which has stands to block development in every aspect of our national lives.
This beta step in legislation, taken by the two Chambers of the National Assembly, is historic and symbolic, happening at a time Nigeria is needing legislation.
That will give a better way for his anti-corruption drive as the spate of criminals and corrupts has rise across the globe.
As we all know, crime has entered another level as science and technology have improved in 21st century.
Therefore, passing the bill is good and amended at a good time, plus it has shown clearly that we have flexible and responive legislatures that know the things happening in the world, and are ready to do legislation that meets the needs of Nigerian people.
It should also be said that the journey in the process of taking the bill to turn to law, has started since the 8th National Assembly, where Distinguished Senator Ahmad Ibrahim Lawan Ph.D, CON sponsored our bill, when he was Senate Leader, because it is important to the anti corruption wake of this administration.
For better understanding, when we introduced our bill in the two chambers during the 8th Assembly, we conducted a public hearing which carryed everyone along in the chamber.
Thereafter, and because minority stakeholders opposed the bill, the Institute of Chatered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN) led, the National Assembly passed the bill, with view of its significance and the part that will play in the fight against corruption.
Afterwards, the bill was forwarded to Oga Presido, to put hand, but he did not put hand before scatter the 8th Assembly in June 2019.
It was on this stregth to bring the bill abck in the 9th National Assembly, Distinguished Senator Abdullahi A Yahaya, the current Leader of the Senate, in view of its importance.
We are pushed to make this clarification in order to clear the air on the cheap cheap propaganda that the 8th Assembly has rejected our bill.
Also, we should mention the fact that we have mistaken our bill with other similar bills introduced in both the Senate and House of Representation Chambers.
This bill, as we have scrutized with a close eye, we discovered that it was just copying our intentions and the essence of our bill.
We should draw a hearing that there was no introduction of any of the bills in the 8th Assembly, only our bills.
As such, we are the first to carry bills that big reach like this (Forensic).
As we have seen that it is very urgent to establish such a great Institute.
The decision was taken after studying how the Institute operate in other jurisdictions and how it has helped crime detection, investigation and prosecution.
This is part of instruction to know that our Institute has been since 2009.
And over the years, we have trained professionala to know forensic science technology, targeted at inculcating the requisite skills in the pragmatic areas of forensic investigation and management, to with.
Making forensic analysis eliminate material misstatement, whether it is by error or fraud; voice recognition analysis; fingerprint/signature analysis; digital forensic and cybersecurity; crime scene investigation; global anti-corruption compliance and enforcement; litigation support, forensic investigation capacities, preparation of forensic reports, fraud risk management, corporate fraud analysis, fraud prevention, detection and investigation etc.
You will follow me reason that in the ordinary world of today, the normal way of investigating crime, on to say we want to stop it has become old something.
As such, making we as a country to do something that has meaning in this matter, it is paramount that we follow global trend and new innovations, which put on ground to fight corruption.
It is this kind of reason we take reason to establish this Institute that has a very objective that is relevant to the anti-corruption agenda of this administration.
Time is not too much for me to talk about evrithing in the bill here.
However, I want you to allow me to mention few of what the Bill will do, for the purpose of this statement, as it takes to be like this.
That we should establish Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals in Nigeria, to develop and train professional in this specialised field, with systemic and professional examinations and certifications that will give better skil in use of science and technology for fraud detection, investigation and detection;
To provide a platform to train and retrain of people who want to be professional on how to use Forensic Science and Technology tools and techniques to investigate fraud in both public and private sectors of the economy, as they do everythimg;
To promote high professional standards, ethics and etiquettes among people doing the, in a bid to cut fraudul and corruption, and as well develop a mechanism for fraud prevention, as a proactive measure against corruption generally;
To fill the huge vacuum that exists in our normal system of investigation with the introduction of a unique operation of forensic science to help the country from expending its scarce foreign exchange to hire foreign expatriates to do forensic investigations in Nigeria;
To develop a broad-based mechanism and training programmes that will cut across all the strata of our investigation architecture, involving professionals such as Lawyers, Criminologists, Security Experts, Judicial Officers, Court Registrars, and Economists.
This will enhance effective plus efficient disposition of cases as they take to do it globally; and
To enhance anti-fraud mechanism in Nigeria, through the provision of a legal framework for the professional development and discipline of forensic and investigative professionals in Nigeria, among others.
From the foregoing, it has shown that the role of this Institute is strategic and important.
It is also important to say that forensic science is very wide and involves many others, and it requires effective and efficient regulation to attain and sustain high level professionalism and ethical standards.
The broad spectrum of the scope and focal point of the Institute, includes but not only forensic toxicology; forensic investigation; forensic auditing; digital forensics and cybercrimes, forensic accounting; forensic nursing; forensic pathology; forensic accounting; forensic accounting; forensic nursing; forensic nursing; forensic nursing; forensic nursing; forensic accounting; forensic accounting; forensic accounting; forensic accounting; forensic accounting; forensic accounting; forensic nursing; forensic nursing; forensic nursing; forensic pathology; forensic psychology; forensic psychology; forensic psychology; forensic linguistics; forensic psychology; forensic psychology; forensic psychology; forensic psychology; forensic psychology; forensic psychology; forensic psychology; forensic
Accordingly, you will agree that our Institute has brought unique concepts into crime detection and investigation that follows international best practices.
The concept as myopic people take a thing about our bill has coverd sense of thingkin, due to narrow-mindedness and inordinate desire to monopolise a system, which has passed jurisdiction and scope of operation.
On a lighter note, I want to draw the attention of everyone to the funny scenario that is playing out now, and as a matter of fact, it should be a source of concern for all beta Nigerians.
When the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria Bill was introduced in the 8th National Assembly, the Institute of Chartered Accountants of Nigeria (ICAN), came out with anger to oppose the passage because according to them, it was unnecessary duplication of functions of the Institute.
However, after introducing our bill again in this 9th National Assembly, and as we have seen the overwhelming and accelerated legislative support from the two Chambers to our bill, ICAn has realized that forensic science is a unique field of practice, and as we talk, it has been failing to stop the passage of this a bill.
One can ask, what has changed between now and the past, where ICAN has the view that any other Institute should not regulate the practices of forensic science?
Your answer is the same thing with my own.
I also like to inform you that the Association of National Accountants of Nigeria (ANAN), is also part of this episode.
which was initiated and promoted by ANAN, just as ICAN counterpart, has also introduced a bill in the House of Representative in the same structure with the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Certified Fraud Examiners of Nigeria Bill, which was initiated by ANAN, and promoted it.
I decided to talk all the fact to Nigerian people and even international community to understand the extent to which some people can achieve their aims.
However, this development did not disturb us at all, because we believe on the credibility and ability of the National Assembly and also of the Presidency to do the correct thing, to not enter manipulate in any way, with these unnecessarydistractions, to not make mockery of doing the whole thing.
It is ICAN the practical and antagonist of this bill and we have seen the reason now.
He engaged several bystanders into writing a bad petition, even targeting the leadership in the Senate, and sounded like a bleckmail.
While failing in Senate, the antagonist shifted attention to House of Representatives with the same bystanders as just writing many many publication.
And again, they fail.
Ordinarily according to legislative procedure, bills passed by the Senate only need concurrence by the House except when they have observed.
But in the case of the CIFIPN Bill, the people against it fighted until truth win in 19 days of May, 2021 when the House of Representative passed the Bill establishment of the Chartered Institute of Forensic and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria for Effective Regulation, Registration of Members and Determination of what the Standard Knowledge and Skils required for a rigistered member must have and Qualify to Practice as Forensic and Investigative Professionals; and in other Matters (HB 791).
ICAN has registered its own Bill in the House of Respresentatives title (REPEALING AND RE-ENACTMENT OF ICANS ACT).
The new Bill which ICAn brings contained full provisions to practice forensic, including the need to establish a forensic university in Nigeria, and without it, nobody can practice forensics in Nigeria, and without him, nobody can practice forensics in Nigeria, and without him, nobody can practice forensics in Nigeria, and without him, nobody can practice forensics in Nigeria, and without him, nobody can practice forensics in Nigeria, and those who violate it will enter prison for some years.
This is strange in ear in a country with a lot of eyes.
It makes me think Nigeria is not a Banana Republic.
No matter the level of coruption there is.
We have been challenged by House of Representatives to pass bill.
We should note that, as we challenge the bill is not for bad beauty, but because we are certain that the purpose of the bill is to stop presidential assent under the disguise that similar legislation has been before.
We will not be allowed to deceive us and Nigerian people with wayo.
You will remember how ICAn took open eye to oppose the CIFIPN and in a pubication sponsored by the Association of Professional Bodies of Nigeria led by Engr (Chief).
Olumuyiwa Alade on 24th May, 2019 made a lot of effort to tell us that the laws enable ICAN to do forensics and to pass the CIFIPN Bill will be like just a duplicate law, but today ICAN has presented a law to include forensics in the new law.
The question is, what has changed?
The same law which ICAN has told the public that it has forensics came to seek to re-enact it.
As always, as we do not oppose any group proposing forensics in law, our concern is that one body should not try to perpetuate hisself.
ICAN and cohorts have realised the inability to stop the passage of CIFIPN.
So we want to have a union for themselves.
While checks and balances are feared, they will not want any professional body to investigate their activities because they know what they do to the economy of this nation.
How can you judge your case by yourself?
This sounded strange.
On this note, we are calling on the National Assembly to beware of the weakness of this group, they should not talk from both sides of mouth, expecting to cajole the National Assembly.
Once again, we want to appreciate the commitments by the 9th Assembly to make sure that the Bill passed, Nigerian people know that this administration is ready to fight corruption by every means and encourage legislation that aims to help achieve this goal.
We are confident that His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari has not hesitated to put hand in the Bill as soon as he enters his table.
We are calling on Nigerians to take part in the Forensic Profession.
The profession is open to all professional people in different areas.
The Institute has a training section to guide and equip you.
I want to thank all of you, and also talk again that we are committed to stand with ethical standards as it follows the way we do it everywhere, as we give our professional services, plus training that will give us new ways to fight corruption and money matters generally.
I want to appeal to stakeholders and better Nigerian people to support this noble course, and to beg all of us to make efforts, so that we can finish corruption together, the many security challenges, all over the country and other crises that follow it.
Dr (Mrs) Enape Victoria Ayishetu, PhD, Pro-tem President, (CIFIPN)
Air peace has tested flight with new Aircraft named E195-E2
Air Peace has commenced test flight for two new Embraer 195-E2 aircraft as they are ready to begin use.
Daily Trust reports that the two aircraft were the first set among the 13 brand new 195-E2 aircraft purchased by the airline to further route expansion.
One spokesman of the airline, Stanley Olisa, told newsmen on Friday that one of the aircrafts empty from Lagos into Owerri, Abuja and Port Harcourt to be familiar on Thursday.
Olisa added that test flight to other destinations will continue, adding that it will not take long the planes will start schedule flight and offer better travel experience to customers.
He said.
The brand new E195-E2 aircraft, which is the third, said the reason for expanding fleet is the commitment to satisfy the air travel need of Nigerian people.
As a test flight is a regulatory requirement before carrying the aircraft into regular operation.
We can remember that Air Peace collected the two brand new ultramordern Embraer 195-E2 aircraft with 124 sits in January and March this year, adding 11 more.
Tela Maize harvest has potential to give 8 tons in one hectare.
In the late Tuesday, the Institute for Agricultural Research (IAR), in Ahmadu Bello University Zaria, invited relevant stakeholders, plus journalists, to witness the third harvest of the Tela Maize Variety Confined Field Trials (CFT) under its Tela Maize Research Project funded by the Africa Agricultural Technology Foundation (AATF).
The name of the maize varieties TELA is derived from Latin TUTELA, which means protection.
This kind of maize has a protection against pests and draught in its breed.
Professor Rabiu Adamu, a Principal Investigator, and other scientists who carry journalists round the harvest, said the idea of the project was to produce maize varieties resistance or protected against two major insect pests: stalk (stem) borers and Fall Army Worm plus another protection against moderate draught.
This is all about producing crops that are high yielding under stressed conditions; the stresses are Fall Army Warm and stem borers, which are major constraints to maize production.
If it is not controled, it can cause losses reaching 80 percent, plus drought if you don't manage rain shortage welwell, you cannot get any yield.
This is the third time this has done this trial.
It was in the dry season of March we did the first trial, and during the rainy season, we did another from June to enter November.
This is the third trial from November to April.
The Principal researcher said that what is trying to showcase is that.
As the three CFT trials have been successful, researchers will need to test and validate to show that what recorded in the research station is performing well in the farmers field in different locations and ecological conditions as it will begin in the rainy season of 2021.
By the time 2022 will end, if all these things work, Nigeria farmers will expect to make all these hybrids with them.
Dr Muhyideen Ayekunle, a maize breeder under this project said from the two trials last, the transgenic varieties recorded gave 17 percent advantage over the non-BT varieties despite infestations.
We have infested the varieties we have put in trial three times unlike the previous one to look at how the BT gene is effectively reaching for the maize product.
With the outcome, researchers have said the yield would increase reach 17 percent.
So after, we will analyze the data, and prepare documents to get approval for environmental release.
We will submit the dossier to National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) and review it.
Once they gave us approval that this product, we can show faces outside.
And then we can get national performing trials.
The Director General/CEO of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA), Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, at the event, called the scientists to continue searching for abiotic and biotic solutions to the challenge facing farmers in the country.
We have tested some technology capable of providing solutions to problems facing farmers, to take advantage of it and move forward, he said.
Dr Rose Maxwell Gidado, the Country Coordinator OFAB Nigeria, said the impact would be a lot more welful.
Farmers yields will increase by 17 percent and you know that productivity and harvest are the koko in farming.
Once you have greeted, you will have plenty of harvest and profit.
She said by the time this kind of maize is ready to enter farmers hands, it will increase livelihood, money, plus the price of maize would come down.
Manchester United fight back to win Aston Villa
Manchester United were fighting back to take Aston Villa 3-1 away in the Premier League on Sunday as Bruno Fernandes, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani scored in second half to put the celebration of Manchester City in hold.
The result left United in 70 points from 34 games, 10 points behind City who have played one game past and missed the chance to win the title on Saturday after Chelsea beaten home 2-1 in Saturday.
It was Bertrand Traore who put Villa ahead in the 24th minute with a brilliant strike entered top corner from 15 metres after some weak denfendin by the visitors, as they trounced the ball in their own half many times.
Fernandes equalised in 52 minutes with penalty, as he sent the golie in Villa, Emiliano Martinez the wrong way with the spot-kick taken, this followed a rough challenge from Douglas Luiz who Paul Pogba tumbled.
Grenwood turned the match on his head four minutes later with a neat shot on the turn from inside the penalty area after he shaked off the centre back Tryone Mings.
Edinson Cavani, a substitute, sealed the win for United with the goal he took head scored in 87 minutes.
After the incident in Daily Trust, NCC bans sale and use of mobile phone boosters.
The Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) has put a ban on the sale and use of GSM network boosters (for mobile connectivity) especially by banks, residents, government agencies, among others to improve telecommunications services.
The Commission gave the 14-day Pre-Enfircement Notice on Tuesday, signed by the Director Public Affairs, Ikechukwu Adinde.
He said the warning will carry effect from Tuesday and as it expires on the deadline, NCC said it will begin to take action against those who do not follow instruction.
This happened less than one month since Daily Trust report on April 24, 2021 that people doing business in Sabon Gari market in Kano plus other business areas said they were buying boosters to improve the reception of the bad telecommunication network in the area.
Some of the traders said the service was not good as telecommunication service providers did not do much to improve service on the gains made in such places.
According to them, many traders and customers engage in digital and online financial transaction (data-based cashless services) plus other telecommunication-based services and still have poor call/data services.
In the notice, NCC said selling, installing and use GSm booster was illegal.
In the notice, NCC said it was just doing duty to protect consumers, to ensure good quality of service and maintenance of technical standard of communication equipment, as in the provision of section 131 (1) of the Nigerian Communications Act (NCA) 2003.
That kind of act can lead to sanctions involving moneyplus/ or prison, or the two (fine plus prison) as well as seize any equipment used for the illegal enhancement of network coverage.
LG polls: protests over imposing candidate in APC
Some members of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State have protested against adopting some consensus candidate in some local government areas ahead of the July 24 local government election in the state.
Top officials of the party have announced that the party will adopt consensus candidate in some local government areas, and conduct direct and or indirect primary voting to candidate take emmerge in some.
The protesters who entered the secretariat of Nigeria Union of Journalists (NUJ), in Ogun State, accused some leaders of APC in Abeokuta South LGA of imposing a candidate for the post Chaiman put in.
They carry placards which written many many things including We Say No To Money Bags.
Abeokuta South and
Allow Members of the Party to pick who wants, and said preferred aspirant is Farouk Akintunde.
One of the party leaders who led the protest, Balogun Ololade, said Gov dapo Abiodun should intervene in the matter to save democracy waka from jeopardy.
Between DSS and people who want to separate in some regions
As DSS has put hand in ear for groups and people who are speaking and doing things that can provoke and distrupt the ethno-religious environment and threaten harmonous co-existence of the majority common folks of the country, they are beginning to sound like a pesin until forced to komot in where they deceive people.
question lingering about who or which person and group the security agent is following is promptly vapourized in the heated rhetorical outburst of the nation prominent geo-ethnic agitator.
Afenifere, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF).
It was clear for all of us that this is the group of people who have continually resorted to inciting, unguarded and divisive statements and act, to set countries against themselves to put fire of tribal and religious discord, as the DSS charged in one of warnings.
Interestingly, not in the major suspects for the exploitation of some fault line to take kos ethno-religious violence in some parts of the country can categorically distance themselves from the treacherous and subversive activities that security agent detects.
The same conviction that the DSS knew the people responsible, only differs in the direction of pointing accusing finger.
As Afenifere said this people were aware of the ones responsible for the acts, but did not touch because of the connect, PANDEV said.
Since the DSS knows and satanic waka, they must take action to deal with them.
The NEF sounded like a non convinced person if they are pushing the country into deep crises and know, treat them according to the law.
You don't need to be spook to know what the DSS said about these flag bearers of geo-ethnic politics in Nigeria or to understand why all know that DSS had insisted to pass the buck outside the clique.
The truth is that those who champion ethnic politics are not aware of any better solution to the problem facing Nigeria than a sectional enclave and chief lording it over the remaining of the country as rulers, not leaders.
It is desperate and unscrupulous to pursue inordinate ambitions that agitate absurdly and frequently to break Nigeria up.
Ambition-powered mind games intoxicate their geographical consciousness to reduce all it takes to excising the territorial contours of their enclaves with the frenzied ease of cutting their portions of the remaining crumbs of the proverbial national cake.
To put it simple, to break up or out of Nigeria as a ultimate political panacea or consolatory opportunity to achieve inordinate ambitions of people or groups undermining the ambitions of majority Nigeria commoners restlessly in enduring peaceful coexistence, it is easy to say pass to do.
All these groups are major blocks to the steady attainment of unity and to live together in peace that Nigeria has laboured since flag of independence.
For as long as Nigeria continues to parade the political terrain as ethnic champions, it is for so long that Nigeria will regard Nigeria as an entitlement for ethnic stake in the population, to be claimed or seized, and if all fails, deconstruct it and disown it as a state that has failed.
Whenever meeting, the agenda is not for making Nigeria for progress and develop, unless the leadership is firmly handed firmly, otherwise it is all about hecking and jostling around with barely concealed determination to deploy the notorious Nigerian Ph.d, pull-him-down syndrome against the incumbent non-indigene President.
Whether it is ACF, Afenifere, Ohanaeze, PANDEV or Northern Elders Forum, existence and activities will oppose the quest of Nigeria for unity, peace and development.
Any indicment we cannot deny for this regional separatist is that all of them are sel-styled political pressure groups pretending to be representatives of various ethnic groups.
From the membership, it is plain to see that is consisting of ex-this.
Ironically, this political deficiency gave the ginger to come, desperate to remain relevant in a democratic system run through registered political parties with legislative and executive institutions established with constitution to dispense good governance and dividends of democracy.
It is only a nasty nuisance value that geo-ethnic groups have in our democratic setin as they continue with mischief, sabotage, blackmail and subversion aimed at making Nigeria ungovernable as they threaten and attempts to regain political relevance and control.
It is why frequent meetings have caused security alerts.
It is beyond reasonable doubt that convergence of interests linked to overt activities and the covert criminality of kidnappers, insurgents, armed robbers, bandits and allied terrorists, combine to make Nigeria not governable.
It is a double danger to describe the trying situation of the Buhari administration as having to handle such a number of formidable enemy unleashing plenty assaults on national security in the time the economy faces new difficult things.
To that extent, only two groups of politicians can be: those who participate with positive minds in the democratic dispensation which is a partner in Moving the country forward against all odds and those with negative minds that bring discord and disorder to the country.
By what they say and what they do, we all know.
At the end of the day, the majority of Nigerian people are ordinary citizens whose condition to survive is not followed or depends on where they come from.
They struggle every day to follow submission to the will of one God even as faith is different.
Nigeria is a fatherland that destiny has put, and remains loyal, praying and praying, because they know that there is no other country to call their own, which shows how citizenship can breed true patriotism.
Afenifere, Arewa Consultative Forum (ACF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) and Pan Niger Delta Forum (PANDEF) have been using inciting, unguarded and divisive statements and activities to put citizens against another to put fire in the tribal and religious whala in the political ambition of leaders.
The prayer remaining in poor mans mouth is:
GOD is,
Nigeria becomes better!
Manzo Reuben is youth leader in Lokoja.
10 died as terrorist attempt to attack army formation
Troops in the Nigerian Army, on Saturday, netralise not less than 10 Boko Haram terrorist members who want to attack troops of Operation Hadin Kai in Rann, headquarters of Kala Balge Local Government Area in Borno State.
This is coming when it was not too much than 24 hours appointed by the Chief of Army Staff, Maj.-Gen.
Farouk Yahaya enters as leader of Nigerian Army
The spokesman of the Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen.
Mohammed Yerima, in a statement available, explained that the terrorists, who came in numerous numbers, carrying gun trucks put in ground and attempted to infiltrate the main entrance to the town.
Yerima said, The troops in high spirit are right on hand to counter the move and carry a humiliating defeat to the terrorists abandoned evil mission and run.
The troops are going to chase the runaway terrorists and make sure that there is no threat in town and people there.
Troops destroyed one of the gun truck successfully and collected plenty of weapons including one anti-aircraft gun, two machine gun and eight AK-47 rifflr as neutralised ten terrorists in the process.
Daily Trust reports that Chief of Defence Staff, Gen Lucky Irabor, on Friday charged the new COAS to build on the legacy of late Attahiru as he will defeat the terrorists in Northesat and other regions of the country.
Second U.S congresswoman test positive to take COVID-19 after the Capitol wahala
Pramila Jayapal, a member of the U.S. House of Representatives, said she contacted the Coronavirus (COVID-19) after locking it in the same room with some Republican lawmakers who did not wear masks during the wahala at the Capitol last week.
I just received a COVID-19 test positive after locking me down in a secure room at the Capitol where many Republicans were not wicked not to wear masks but mock colleagues and staff who offer masks recklessly, Jayapal said in a post on her official Twitter account.
Earlier on Monday, U.S. Congresswoman Bonnie Watson Coleman said she had contracted COVID-19 with possible exposure during the time of the lockdown in the Capitol on Jan 6.
Jayapal, a member of the Democratic Party accused the lawmakers from the Republican of causing COVID-19 spread and said they should punish them.
Any member who refuses to wear face mask will hold accountable that he is put our lives in danger because he is sefish and is idiot.
I am calling for every member who refuses to wear masks at the Capitol to fine and remove Sergeant of Arms from the floor, she said in a post on Twitter.
It is not clear if the two congresswomen were in the same room during the lockdown in the Capitol.
Jayapal was not happy as U.S Presido Donald Trump fails to contain the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S and vow that she will do everything in her power to remove it from office.
They have arraigned a 30-year-old man for taking assault woman in Edo.
The police have arraigned one Gabriel Fidelis, 30 years before Ogbeson chief magistrates court in Benin allegedly assaulted a woman named Rebecca Izevbigie.
The man was accused of three charges of conspiracy, unlaful assault and malicious damage punishable under section 516, 355, and 451 of the criminal code.
The prosecutor, Sgt Kehinde Iyare, told the court that the accuse joined others who have run to commit the offence on April 11, at Estate Quarters, along Benin-Agbor Road, Benin City.
She further told the court that the accuse, with others who have run assaulted one Rebecca Izevbigie unlawfully by hitting and bitting her.
She added that the accused also used iron rod to break her in leg.
She further told the court that on March 31, 2021 the accuse intentionally and maliciously spoiled the wash hand basin of the complainant and the thing was N8,000.
The accused said he was not guilty as the counsel Mrs E Idahosa applied for his bail and she said he would not jump bail.
What followed is that, Chief Magistrate Mutairu Oare granted bail for the accuse for the sum of N100,000 with a person who will stand for him.
He said the person who will stand with him must bring two recent passport photos of imsef and that of the accuse.
He ordered the court registrar to verify the information supply and the place where the surety lives, he adjourned the case to May 10 for hearing.
Why National Assembly cannot impeach Buhari Senator in Oyo
The Senator representing Oyo North Senatorial District Fatai Buhari has said the National Assembly does not have any reason to impeach President Muhammadu Buhari.
Do senator said this while paying Salah a visit to former governor in Oyo State, Rashidi Ladoja, he said he had a process to impeach president.
Senator Buharis submission came one day after Senator Yusuf Abubakar (APC Taraba) and Cahir in Senate committee on special duty said to komot President Buhari would not end insecurity in the country.
People have called for President Buhari to resign or impeach him as insecurity is in the country.
But Senator Buhari has told the people who want the country to break that they should not create problems that will not be easy to solve.
It has a process to impeach president.
Anyone who calls to impeach the president gives a better reason to do impeachment.
We dont see a recession to impeach the president.
If need be, we will table it, discuss it, and the two houses must come together.
To impeach the president is not what one can just wake up one day and begin to talk.
It has a procedure.
Why you want to cause problems plus confusion that you cannot solve?
It was so he asked.
On the security wahala facing the country, the lawmaker said; We have no other country than Nigeria.
Nigeria is our country and home.
Let us try to do internal security.
Let us play our own part; not leave anything to government alone.
We must put local police to know all the places.
No matter how it is, we know each other.
For early 80s, we were traveling for nite.
But at the level of insecurity now, something fundamental is missed.
He said the 9th National Assembly has discussed security, over 59 times.
We have discussed security issues over 30 times in the 8th Assembly, and this 9th Assembly has discussed it over 50 times.
It should be vigilant, even if changing service chief a lot times, it would still not solve the security problem, the senator said.
Ranchers support CBN to put restrictions on forex on import of dairy
The Commercial Ranchers Association of Nigeria (CODARAN) has shown support for the restrictions that carry out foreign exchange for dairy products.
Remember that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circular which has passed over one year now on companies restricting from foreign exchange to import milk and dairy products.
But during a recent visit to the governo of the CBN recently, the Director-General of the World Trade Organisation (WTO), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, said the European Union (EU) has compliant against Nigeria over these restrictions.
In a statement by Dianabasi Akpainyang, the CORAN, said Nigeria has the potential to harvest dairy products that will provide jobs plus create investment in local production of milk.
The CBN governor is correct.
True true Nigeria has the potential to meet, plus sustain the dairy requirement.
Akpainyang said the milk grounded in collection and processing is not near that figure for now, but he noted that since it is likely, it is necessary to put a leg in fire seek of the urgent development of local dairy sector.
According to a report in the CBN that Nigeria spends $1.5 billion every year to import dairy products, he said the figure would increase as demand for dairy products increases.
He mentioned issues such as poor productivity of local cows, cow nutrition, animal disease management system, without adequate finance, insecurity, poor infrastructure, inadequate extension services, inadequate processing and storage facilities, low investment in research and development, low investment in research and development, low investment in research and development.
However, he said the Advancing Local Dairy Development in Nigeria (ALDDN) programme in four states Adamawa, Kaduna, Kano and Plateau has been tackled.
PDP frowns face as APC claims 2.5m in Lagos
Uproar followed as the All Progressives Congress (APC) disclosed that 2.5m members were registered in Lagos for nationwide and revalidation exercise.
Chaiman of the APC Registration Supervisory Committee in Lagos Dr. Muhammad Bashiru, said about 2.5 million have been registered in the 20 local government areas in the state.
But the People Democractic Party (PDP), the leading opposition party, has described the figure as false and fake.
PDP said APC had a habit of cooking figures to make people believe that they are popular.
The spokesman of the PDP, Taofik Gani, in a chat with Daily Trust, described the APC as a party that is liars full, he said the party was not popular again in the state.
This is not the first time we are carrying figures that are not true.
Even in the last election, the total number of votes received by the APC was around 600,000.
He said the claim that 2.5 million were false and fake.
Our correspondent reports that APC candidate Babajide Sanwo-Olu won the governorship election in 2019 with 739,445 votes while President Muhammadu Buhari had 580,825 votes in the presidential election.
The state chairman of National Conscience Party (NCP), Comrade Bayo Ogunleye, has described the claim by the APC as the greatest lie in the century.
But the spokesman of APC Seye Oladejo told our correspondent that the party will prove that it has nomba in the local government election coming on July 24.
FG said Geographical Indications will promote diversification of economy
The Federal Government has stressed that Geographical Indications (GIs) will help in promoting diversification of the economy and also support participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono, said this in a capacity building workshop on GIs in public sector /policymakers in Nigeria in Abuja.
Nanono, represented by the Deputy Director of Irrigation and Crop Development, Hajia Sugra Mahmood, noted that using the initiative will support the preservation of the biodiversity of the country facing existential threat as effect of climate change and the attendant destruction of the environment.
According to him, it can assist in commercializing the product of food culture and other cultures and enable actors in the value chain to benefit from commercialization, especially for women and youths in rural areas who are mainly involved in the production of the products.
Therefore, this workshop is happening at a crucial moment when the administration worked tirelessly to diversify the economy away from hydrocabons by other sectors like agriculture, manufacturing, mining tourism etc.
This kind of initiatives promoted by GIs will help to fast track the process for diversification of the economy and also support our participation in the African Continental Free Trade Area and also globally.
He can also help to revive economy in rural areas as we have seen it happening in the case of some products branded properly such as Ofada rice, kilishi, Dudu Osun, etc.
It will also make it the documwntation of our indigenous knowledge that is sad as we are losing over time.
The current administration is ready to partner with all the relevant stakeholders both local and foreign in bid to preserve the natural and bio-cultural endowment in the country and also exploit it to strengthen the resilience of the economy, so as to provide a decent livelyhood for all Nigerians, as stated.
Earlier, the Minister of Satte Industry, Trade and Investment, Haija Mariam Katagum, in her welkom address, said the workshop was designed specifically to train public sector and policymakers in Nigeria, with view of the need to examine how to adopt Geographical Indication (Gis) legislation and policy into industrial property and agriculture landscape in Nigeria.
She said we cannot avoid as the African Continental Free Trade Agreement (AfCFTA) comes into effect, which puts responsibility on those who make decisions to begin talking about the update of legislation concerning industrial property.
President of Israel has held a statement to find a new government.
President of Israel Reuven Rivlin is preparing for speaking with top politics people on how to take form government after caretaker Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declined to do it after election in a match was not conclusive.
According to Rivlins office, talks with Naftali Bennett of the Yamina party and former opposition leader Yair Lapid of the Yesh Atid (Future) party were scheduled on Wednesday morning.
The head of state also invited representatives from the other party representing in parliament to present positions on the progress of the process to take form government.
It was last nite the deadline for Natanyahu to form a governing coalition.
This means that the camp of opponents to Netanyahu faces a chance to end the era of the 71-year-old as heaf in government.
Whether it will succeed, however, it is still open.
New election still is not out the question as Israel is still in political crisis.
Netanyahu will remain as head of the interim government as time goes.
He has been in office for 12 years continuously and is the longest serving head of government in Israel history.
They have been doing trial for him that he was corrupt, he has rejected all accusations accused him.
They are expecting that Rilvin should appoint Lapid a opposition leader to form head of the government.
It was his party a political centre; at the end of match, it was the second-strongest force in the forth parliamentary election in two years.
Rivlin can also give the mandate to the Knesset.
For this case, each member of the parliament can try to find the support of 61 of the 120 members with 21 days.
Ganduje frees 123 prisoners in eid-el-Fitri
Gov. Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano has granted freedom to 123 prison inmates across the state.
Ganduje who witnessed the release of inmates from Goron Dutse Prison on Thursday said the gesture was in the spirit of Eid-El Fitr celebration.
He said this is how offence committed took a big reach plus shows signs of reformation when they are in prison.
The governor said he decided to show in the prison to tell the inmate that government in the state knows that it exists and is seen as citizen of the state.
Ganduje said the gesture was to compliment the Federal Government efforts to further reduce as people take jam in national prisons.
He advised the former inmate to change attitude to life and pray for peace and stability in Nigeria.
The governor also gave 5,000 to each of the inmates free to take away where they are going.
Earlier, the comptroller of prisons in Kano, Suleiman Suleiman, thanked the governor for freeing thousands of inmates since he entered office.
Suleiman advises the free inmates to stay away from crime to avoid coming back to prison.
Ganduje visits remand homes and children homes in Kano as part of his chief celebration.
Korda breaks through in Parma clay
On the eve of Roland Garos, Sebastian Korda scored a career breakthrough when he beat Italian Marco Cecchinato 6-2, 6-4, in Parma for a first title.
Korda, a son of former world
No 2 and Australian Open Winner Petr Korda who failed to enter the ATP tour final before the event in Parma, failed to win consecutive matches on clay.
Cecchinato, who won all his three titles on clay, came from Brescia, 90 kilometres from Parma.
The fan who allowed to enter the event for the first time was supporting the local boy.
Today I play a tough opponent and the no easy, Korda said.
They continue to cheer him on, but I am proud for myself.
And how I handle it.
Although his father was from Czech, Sebastian Korda, who was born in Florida decided to represent US.
The victory made him the first player from America to win a clay court tournament since Sam Querrey in Belgrade after 11 years.
This is something that has been in my dream, Korda said,adding that he is expecting to win title soon as he named a event in Florida in January.
I was really thinking that I would do it in Delray Beach, and it broke my heart.
What is not supposed to wear in public: Negating Nigeria's multiculturalism
By Bashir Ibrahim Hassan
She is a pure coincidence that, as trouble is smelling in Kwara state recently, they considered a solution to it in the lower House in the National Assembly in the capital territory of Abuja.
The trouble in Ilorin is the refuse of some Christian faith school to allow Muslim students to wear hijabs to school.
The solution for this predicament is the debate on Religious Discrimination (Prohibition, Prevention).
RDPP Bill, 2021, ridicule Hijab Bill in a section of media in Nigeria
Both events spark heated argument and often emotional debate threatening to negate multicultural identity and reality of Nigeria.
The whole idea of Kwara of the proprietor of school as banting Muslim students wearing hijabs and sympathiser could be reduced to what they should wear in public.
This is another major part of the concern of the RDPP Bill before the House of Representatives the humiliation and denial of opportunities.
We face females in Nigeria because of what they wear in public.
It is clear that the former clearly breached the fundamental human right of the Muslim students to express faith without discrimination; even though the school can have defence or taking that kind of position.
The latter is trying to assert this right not only for Muslims alone but also for Christians whenever or whenever they threaten with discrimination because of the fauth shown.
To run through the argument by proprietors of Christian faith schools in Kwara, it is easy for a person to understand the pragmatic appeal of the argument that Muslim children should go to other schools if they want to conform.
The problem that is argued has many.
First, to say that Muslim students should go anywhere unless agreed to rule of the school on the uniform is doing very little to promote inclusiveness, the bedrock of our multicultural and multi-religious society.
Secondly, the position asks moral questions: How can we justify a base rule in school on the Christian majoritarian of the school?
Then, the third one, the argument goes elsewhere appears that he has ignored the difficulty in changing school for a child.
The inconvenience plenty.
When changing school for children, people with education psychology will tell you that it interferes negatively with not just emotional but academic development.
Finally, the Christian faith school by themselves risks what we call ghettorization by concentrating students with the same religious belief in particular schools.
The social costs that this thing will have in society will be enormous.
The Commissioner of Education, Kemi Adeosun, argued, while speaking with press, that the government is convinced that policy to allow willing Muslim schoolgirls to wear hijab in public schools will lead to sustainable peace and communal harmony build on mutual respect and understanding.
In a country guaranteeing freedom of religion, which signed the declaration of international Human Rights, the basic question to ask is: How justifiable is it to deny children in Nigeria access to school of choice on the basis of religion?
It is a great concern because Nigeria is a signatory to the Universal Declaration on Human Rights (UDHR).
The UDHR insists that all human beings are free and equal, colour, creed or religion no matter.
It contained 30 articles on right and freedom, among others, like the rif=ght to life, free speech and privacy.
It includes economy, social and cultural rights, such as the right to have health and education.
I saw article 18 and 26 of UDHR very relevant to the issue considered and quoted in full below.
Evribodi has the freedom to think or believe what they want, including belief owned by religion.
We have the right to change our belief or religion anytime, and the right to practice our religion in public or private, alone or with other people.
Evribodi should have a right to education.
Primary school should be free.
We must continue our studies as far as we have the wish.
In school we should help us develop our talents, and teach us how to respect every human right.
They also should teach us how to get on with other people whatever ethnicity, religion or country come from.
Our parents have the right to choose the kind of school we will go to.
All these laws are the instrument that gives Muslim women like Ilhan Omar the equality to sit in the House of Representatives in the US and she still wears Hijab without discriminating.
Ilhan Abdullahi Omarna American politician who serves for the U.S Representative in 5th congregation in Minnesota district since 2019.
This bill was sponsored by the Deputy Chairman of House of Representative Committee on Finance matter, representing Bida/Gbako/Katcha Federal constituency in Niger state.
Saidu Musa Abdullahi
The bill is to address discriminatory conduct, plus prohibit discriminatory conduct on religious matter when it concerns giving people work and the terms and conditions that follow it.
It will stop qualified and proffesional joinbodies, education institutions, people doing employment and other sectors to discriminate against persons, students or personnel based on religion or the manifestation.
When passed, the law will bury issues such as what we saw in Kwara for good.
It will also address the bigot behaviour of executives carrying prejudice into public offices and also allow him to cover sense of judgement.
It is supposed to be allowed to worship the law.
After all, it is only to expand and expatiate the provisions in the Nigeria constitution and in the UDHR document as we have said above.
It followed line with similar law passed in the country to tackle social violence and cultural practices that are harmful the law Prohibit violence against people and disability law (VAPP).
As disability is trying to komot any discrimination faced by people with disability, VAPP face domestic and other gender violence in the country.
One by one, people representing us in the legislative chamber have used legal instrument to tackle all social challenges facing our country.
It is addressing all these social roughness not to say law is not before addressed, but to carry out all the necessary measures to not allow to finish.
As it is likely that there is no instrument to enforce it, the RDPP law and other law which resemble it are grounded to carry punishment to offenders.
As it contradicts the view of critics, as far as the RDPP Bill is concerned, it is not proven that they want to put state of religion on any state that can domesticate the law.
It does not go against Section 10 of the Constitution in Nigeria supporting that the Government of any Federation or State cannot adopt any religion as State Religion.
To push the argument, because the bill calls for general public to respect the right of a Muslim who wears Hijab in public place, it is only to quench Islamaphobia.
In the final analysis, it goes against our multicultural pretenses to deny any Nigerian be it male or female religios freedom.
It is against equality, and basic human right as it is taken in the constitution in Nigeria and the legal document for Universal Declaration of Human Rghts.
Bill that will make that kind of decimation on religion become criminal, like the RDPP bill will have welkom nod.
This is from Abuja Bashir.
President Niger Issoufou has won N1.95bn leadership prize in Africa.
They have announced that President of Niger Mahamadou Issoufou was winner of $5m (N1.905bn) in 2020.
Ibrahim prize for African leadership
Issoufou has served two terms which are five years each as president from 2011 to 2020.
It was Mohamed Bazoum who was former interior minister to enter office after he won the presidential election last month.
The committee who gave the prize was praise the leadership of the Niger president after meeting the economy among the poorest in the world.
He said he caused economy to grow, showing better commitment to regional stability and the constitution, and championed democracy in Africa.
Mr Issoufou is the nomba six winners to kolekte the Ibrahim Prize.
He has sent a tweet that the prize was honoured every day in Nigeria.
I see this award as an eccouragement to continue to think and act in a way that promotes democracy value and better government, not only in Niger alone, but in Africa and the world, he said.
People who have won the prize before include Ellen Johnson Sirleaf of Liberia (2017), President Hifikepunye Pohamba of Namibia (2014), President Pedro Pires of Cabo Verde (2011), President Festus Mogae of Botswana (2008) and President Joaquim Chissano of Mozambique (2007).
KEDCO has a taskforce to enforce collection, and check who bypassed meter.
The people manage Kano Electricity Distribution Company (KEDCO) have formed a taskforce to make sure they pay for electricity.
In a staement given by Ibrahim Sani Shawai, head of Corporate Communication, KEDCO, Ibrahim Sani Shawai, has given the taskforce power to collect all owed plus the ones that just are used to help KEDCO to consolidate on the plenty reforms to improve power supply.
The taskforce will also check issues of bypass of metres, illegal connections, tif tif of energy and other forms of sabotage.
For this regard, anybody who seeks to sabotage in any way, will deal with the law as the law says.
We appeal to our customers to open eye for all our intallation and to protect meters welwel against vandals.
We are assuring all our customers that our initiative to give meters that we want to quench estimated billing and to give customers the opportunity to pay for what they use, as the statement said.
IBEDC has carrying to sell under powerline.
The Ibadan Electricity Distribution Company (IBEDC) has carry out warning out against selling market under high-tension wire to avoid badness.
Chief Operating Officer (COO) Engr John Ayodele gave the charge against the backdrop of the increasing tradin activities in the high-tension wire.
In Oshogbo, the capital of Osun State, mechanic shop, block industry, car wash shops, POS shops and smallsmall tradin are common things we see under high-tension wire along Power Line and Ring road.
Engr Ayodele has urged residents to take safety precautions and advice sellers under high-tension wire to move to safe places.
He also urged residents to not call people who are not aware of repairing lights and assure that technical crew of IBEDC will be available to rectify any faults.
He cautioned that people who have a habit of harasing IBEDC staff when doing duty as the law took to stop them, he said IBEDC will explore all available legal options to seek redress if they harassed any of his staff.
He said, It is also important to take other safety precautions, such as supervising children, to avoid eletrical accidents.
10 children just born have died in a fire incident in India hospital.
Three new children were killed on Saturday in a fire in a hospital in western Idia, officials said.
It was 17 new children in the unit that put sick children when the fire broke on early Saturday at the Bhandara District General Hospital in Maharashtra state.
Seven new children died as smoke choke, and three died as fire burnt, Maharashtra health minister Rajesh Tope told reporters.
Nurses and ward staff rescue seven children
The age of all the new children is from few days to three months, Prashant Uike, health district official in Bhandara said.
The government has ordered to probe in the incident and to do safety audit in units taking care of new people in the country.
Initial report indicates that the fire may have been amplified by one of the short circuits in one of the incubators, as Tope said.
The staff said plenty of black smoke filled the ward quickly, as the minister added.
They have waive legal requirements for post-mortem, and have taken the children to family, Tope said.
Family of the victims will have compensation of 500,000 rupees (which reaches 6,814 dollars) for each family.
Police have pursued sellers of newspapers because of reports on IPOB.
Police have harassed people who sell newspaer and people who read it in Abia State.
Daily Trust gathered that since weekend police from Aba Area Command have arrested people selling newspapers and readers concerning reports on the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Residents said fear was in Ama-Ogbonna Junction in the commercial city when police raided the place on Sunday.
One person who the matter happened in his eye said residents were running to safety, as police officers shoot anyhow, when they try to arrest those who sell newspapers and those who read it.
The people who sell newspapers carrying the tori contained the sit-at-home order of the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB)
Dr Elendu Ukoh, who the matter happened in his eyes, urged the state government and igbo leaders to call the police authority to call people for no cause wahala in the city.
The kind of people we put in police makes me wonder if we want anything good to from this country.
How to pursue people who sell newspapers in Aba, in the world?
If you stop people to read hard copy of newspaper, then you will still stop reading the same stories on Facebook, Twitter, Whatsapp, Telegram, plus other people.
Which kind of old police style is this?
They caused panic on Sunday as they shoot and make noise.
The whole neighborhood is concerned with chase of kidnappers.
It was later discovered that a vendor was arrested and gathered at his newspaper stand.
How police will follow people who sell newspapers?
Which kind of problems can be solved by social media?
He said: These people are not normal.
Micheal Anorue, another resident said almost all the people who sell newspapers were visiting in Aba.
It was empty on Tuesday.
We heard on Saturday and Sunday that the new paper carries a tori concerning the sit-at-hom order to honour hero in Biafra matter, and my question is, what is wrong with it?
The early political leaders in South East, remind these reckless police officers that Biafra is larger than IPOB, the better for them.
She was proscribed by IPOB means that Biafra was proscribed too.
All of us are Biafra people.
On the 30th May, World Igbo Congress (WIC) held a zoom conversation, where they talked about a hero falling in Biafra.
Why police don't go to Youtube, Zoom and other social media carrying the matter in air?
All the things to do is to come to the street and begin making troubles that are not necessary.
I wish the leader of Igboland to warn this reckless police officers to not allow what is happening in Imo State to enter Aba, because it would be worst for everyone.
SP Geoffrey Ogbonna, Abia State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), denied arrest of selling newspapers and readers.
NAMA frowns face as air traffic controller lament poor tools
Air Traffic Controllers (ATC) in Nigeria on Sunday spoke out concerning the thelapitated navigational equipment in most airports in the country.
The ATCs under the National Air Traffic Controllers Association (NATCA) said the situation was a threat for air safety.
The International Airport in Kaduna has a control tower that can help aircraft to navigate without wahala.
Yomi Agoro, President of NATCA or a chat with news people on the weekend, said the thing at Kaduna airport is a watchroom for other aviation personnel, that is not a control tower for only air traffic controllers.
He also said other airports in the country did not have the equipment required to navigate without wahala.
He explained that some airports are not even equipped with equipment that functions.
Even Kaduna has no control tower.
What is used is a watch room (for firefighters), and it is not that purpose to build it for, and we have called on government to do something.
We entered Sokoto, if rainfall, controllers will carry umbrella to sit in the control tower, and what happened, some of the control tower attached to the terminal building were seeded by FAAN, while the one stand alone is with NAMA, but we have followed the two organisations.
We all follow terrestial radio frequency fight, communication here and there.
Calabar is dead; no airport that you can go today which you can say is working up to 80 per cent.
NAMA has employed and trained 40 new controllers recently, but NATCA said the nomba is too low to meet the shortfall.
However, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airspace Management Agency (NAMA), Capt Fola Akinkuotu, told Daily Trust that the claim was not true.
He said federal government has put huge investment to improve navigational aids and to help safe flight operations.
He said, It is mere politics, he said.
Goment spends a lot not too long to improve aviation infrastructure.
I did not just say this thing because I am a MD in NAMA.
If you want to hear the true story, my suggestion always is, ask people in the street, ask people in NAMA, and tell you, you have not seen good reaching like this under this administration.
It is painful that people will say like this.
We have not any Category Three (CAT3), this government has put two on ground, another two are still coming.
Goment spends N1.7bn on mobile control tower
Also revitalisation of the safe tower is ongoing.
We have reconstructed the TRACON (Total Radar Coverage of Nigeria) system.
Other sectors should be jealous of us.
E-commerce in Nigeria: Legal framework, challenges and prospects
E-commerce refers to the use of communication technology especially the internet to buy, sell and market goods and services to customers.
The internet has brought fundamental shifts in economy not near each other because of brier into ross-border trade and investment, which distances far, time zone and language and which national government regulation is different.
E-commerce fosters direct access to markets that are not near and promotes globalisation and commercial activities to the extent that it is not possible to know where the product comes from.
E-commerce is not limited to buying of products alone, it includes e-mail, plus other communication platforms, all the information or services available to customers on the net, from pre-purchase information to after-purchase services and support.
The major significance of commerce is in the fact that it encourages a single world, accessing through electronic means to get good and services facilitated from different parts of the world.
Most of the statue in ground in Nigeria are behind toward the development and growth of e-commerce in particular and the whole ICT.
In Nigeria, a lot of legal research and studies have been conducted.
Plenty in the study gathered opinion that the legal system in Nigeria is behind in legislation involving ICT and that the statutory law grounded is not adequate to address some of the legal issues affecting e-commerce.
This issue includes electronic evidence cybercrimes, security and data production, e-payment system and inevitably trans-border issues, among others.
Therefore, there is the need to bring out legal and regulatory measures that are proper, to govern the regime that just comes.
It has been said that in Nigeria, there is a significant effort to regulate e-commerce-related activities at the stage of Sraft Bill before the National Assembly.
It is important to know that, even when this bill is passed into law, Nigeria can still face new legal issues in this area called for legislative intervention.
With the speed of the internet to work on commercial transaction in Nigeria, especially in the banking and communication sector of the economy, the best suggestion is that the legal issues and problems confronting e-commerce presently in the country should be addressed directly and equitively, in the interest of the teeming population of Nigeria customers.
To achieve this, pressure the National Assembly to pass a bill concerning electronic commerce as top priority so that it will enact into law as quick as possible.
In a small time, we should take a giant step to interpret the traditional law grounded in a liberal way to cut gap in order to make the laws get ammend to electronic transaction, particularly in the emerging trend of this information age.
Indeed, legislation is not the only means that electronic transaction and attendant documentation can be legal.
The court can also adapt to recognise electronic transaction in the absence of legislation or private contract.
The common law is the hand of judges the same kind of facility [as law merchant] to adapt to the need of the general public, principles are not altered, but old rules to apply the change, and new rules will begin exist.
We hope that government will adopt this activism that Nigerian judges do in judiciary, Supreme Court judges are involved, especially in areas where our existing legislation is grossly inadequate, comprehensive or elaborate enough to address legal challenges in new technological advancements.
This will set a better precedence to ensure that e-commerce consumers have protection, to bring investor and bring economic development plus stability in the country.
The key issue in contracts in e-commerce is documentation and signature.
The provision in section 4 of the statute of Fraud, 1677 or Lagos State Law Reform (Contract) Law and our various statutes on real property and landed instrument, all of which require to write certain contracts and execute duly.
The question now is that electronic sign-off constitutes valid sign-off contract by email or by binding.
They still have not settled many of these issues even in the UK although some decisions are favourable to interpret electronic signatures.
So marks in an email that satisfies the tradional requirement of writing and due to execusion.
E-commerce transaction is a transaction that does not involve paper making through magnetic material like tapes or disks.
This is a contradiction to the transaction that is that paper is taken to do it in permanent form and typically expressed in words and figures using signature authenticate.
This kind of transaction cannot be altered without altering the face of the document.
As concerning signatures, the provision in this section 93 (2)(3), evidence act 2011, electronic signature relating to data message will conveniently satisfy any requirement for signature signed as long as it is sufficient to identify an electronic record to the person.
The provision in article 7 of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law (UNCITRAL) model law for e-commerce 1996 is equally trite on this issue.
Thus, for the purpose of establishing proof of electronic signatures.
To use a password, identification, user names etc can be sufficient.
He can safely say that electronic signature for purpose of execution is admissible for evidence provided that it is certified and incorporated in electronic communication during any e-transaction.
Also, other legal challenges affecting e-commerce include the formation of contracts.
The elements for better formation of contract include offer, acceptance, consideration, intention to enter into legal relations.
The question is, in which areas can offer with regard to electronic business transaction or now to differentiate between invitation to treat and offer electronic transaction, at which point we can say that we have intentions to enter legal relations.
E-commerce requires confidence and trust the satisfaction transmitting order or invoice does not have any matter and comes from whoever it appears to come from.
There is need for guarantee concerning level of privacy/confidenciality in information matter.
Lastly, the alarming rate of cybercrime in Nigeria, plus high level of illiterate.
No doubt that electronic transaction is an aspect of commercial transaction in Nigeria and it has come to stay this time.
Let the government pass to make law, activate as they use the electronic platform for commercial interaction and delivery of government services.
You can reach Abanikanda Happiness Wuraola via twitter.
Chad passes new chartes as Deby son president
Chad passed a charter to declare Mahamat Idris Deby as President, even as rumour is on social media that he has died.
Mahamat has taken over to replace his father, Idriss deby who was killed this week.
The charter said the 37-year-old, who was a son to late war veteran, was named transitional leader quickly on Tuesday as head of the military council after his fathers death, he would be doing work of president in the republic and head of the armed forces.
The charter repealed the preceding constitution and will implement it as the basic law of the republic, according to the authorities in it.
The young Deby is also named as supreme head of armed forces, he said.
Deby son has overseeed the security of his father when he was head of the elite presidential guard and appeared along with his father often.
The best known Mahamat Deby was as a top commander of the forces in Chad who helped United Nation peacekeeping mission in the restive north of neighbouring Mali.
He signed a decree on Tuesday as he set out a military council with 15 generals, including imsef and 14 other loyal to late president.
The task of the council is to move into a free and democractic election withing 18 months.
Mahamat Idris Deby is chair of the military transition council, the council of ministers, the counil of superior committees of national defence, according to the charter.
The new head of state will declare legislation adopted by the 69 members of the National Transition Council, named Mahamat directly.
The Transition Charter, which has 95 articles, also guarantees freedom of opinion, conscience and worship.
They have set a transition government, which the new president will name the members.
The charter said all members of the army called to the transitional government from all military work.
Law in Chad
The leader who was killed, ruled with a strong hand for almost 30 years, gave to wounds he had when he visited a battlefield where Chad soldiers fight rebel groups in the north, the military announced on Tuesday.
Calling for calm, the army also announced curfew at 6pm and close the borders in the country, suspending the constitution and dissolving National Assembly.
However, politicians in the chad have rejected the army appointment of President Idris deby's son to take over following his father's death.
Expert said under the law in Chad, the speaker of parliament should have taken power after Deby died, not his son.
According to the constitution, if the president died, then the speaker of the parliament will take charge of the country for 40 days and put transition in place until the election, Hiba Morgan, a reporter from Al Jazeera, Ndjamena said on Tuesday.
But the military announced that they have dissolved the legislative assembly and dissolved the constitution, so what they do is replace the constitution with its own set of rules.
Chelsea can komo Chelsea points after the brawl with Leicester
Chelsea face deduction of points from FA for the team as they fail to control players, Mirror reports.
In seven years, the team has been catching the team showing hot temper to opponents seven times.
The recent brawl in a match on Tuesday night Leicester mark the seven encounters Chelsea have with Premier League teams.
It marks the match last week between Chelsea and Leicester among players of both teams.
With the same kind of offence in the past, the FA decided to punish Chelsea.
Leicester are facing charges in the role in the brawl involving players and coaches as Ricardo Pereira challenged Ben Chilwell.
In 2016, Chelsea also charged Chelsea for indiscipline to warn, after appealing against 375,000 dollar fine for the part played in a burst-up during a match against Tottenham.
If it is affected, the point to come will affect season very well as they enter the final campaign to take a spot in top four.
US Africom in Nigeria?
Overpaid, oversexed and over here
That is the resentful and contemptuous opinion many British people had in the thousands of American GIs stationed in several military bases in Britain during the Secon World War.
The gum-chewing, brash, hard-drinking and womanising soldiers from America come frequently into pub fights and knife fights that are dangerous which causes bad feelings for the Yanks among the locals.
And this has been the pattern of American soldiers behaving every day at the hundred of American military bases oversea from Okinawa in Japan, Stuttgart in Germany, Incirlik and Diyarbakir in Turkey and Pampanga in Philippines.
It was why I was upset, like many Nigerians, that in a virtual meeting last week with the Secretary of State of the United States of America, Antony Blinken, reported that president Buhari asked the United States to consider relocating the African Command (Africom) of his military in Stuttgart in southern German city of presently Africa.
We are thinking that with this call, president Buhari is making way for Nigeria to host Africom.
In the first place, it was a breach of protocol for President Buhari to do that meeting with the American Secretary of State.
The meeting should be done with Blinken's Nigerian opposite number, Geoffrey Onyeama, who took the detail to meet president later.
Yes, America is superpower and all, but protocol is protocol and should be followed strictly in every circumstance.
We understand that Nigeria faces a huge internal security wahala which is likely to pass the best efforts of government and security establishments in the nation to tackle it.
Terrorist insurgency that is not tireless in the North East banditry, kidnapping in the North West, farmers/herders clashed all over the country and as they target and kill security and law enforcement personnel and other Nigerian people plus the destruction of institutional building in the South East, which includes the destruction of institutional building in the South East, is joined to be the catalyst of insecurity that has ravaged the country.
But even at that, the call to host Africom on Nigeria was taken when we considered against various issues and implications of this move to Nigeria difficult to justify.
Africom is one of nine commands established by the American military to serve Americas strategic interest around the world.
By rule and way of operation, these commands, particularly the ones outside America like Africom, were not set up primarily to concern themselves with security and law enforcement issues in the area of coverage.
They only do so when such issues affect the interest of America directly in the area and in such circumstances, they are not mandated to yield modus operandi and share intelligence with the local security and law enforcement agancy.
If Africom set up in Nigeria for instance, it will be an island on its own as it will restrict access to Nigerians of all categories and establishing a jurisdiction withing the teritorial area of the base virtually off limit to Nigerian security and law enforcement agancy.
As it is always happening with American military bases outside America, Africom will be a forward operating base for disruptive intelligence operations and source for act of sabotage and destabilisation against host countries.
In this particular case of Africom, part of its original concept is to control as the strategic influence of Nigeria grows in West Africa and Africa as we have successful peace enforecement efforts in Liberia and Sierra Leone and our better record of peacekeeping around the world.
The one before Africom was the Africa Crisis Response Initiative (ACRI) which the Clinton administration set up to counter the strategic interest of Nigeria in Africa.
The Secretary of State for president Clinton, the dour-faced California attorney, Warren Christopher, was visiting a nomba of African countries secretly to sell the idea.
But because Nigeria is the target, he pointedly removed it from his itinerary.
Senegal, not far from Liberia and Sierra Leone, is supposed to be the coordinating base of the ACRI and though he saw his initiative to facilitate assistance of America to African humanitarian issues, his secret protocol mistakes for military and target Nigeria strategically.
It was mainly due to undisguised hostility to the idea from France, which was averse to seeing the Americans trying to butt into an area it considers its exclusive sphere of influence, review the concept of the ACRI.
In the review, drawn the expertise of Americas Military, intelligence, political and academic personalities and institutions carrying out secret sessions, the Americans considered and realised the need to set up a AFrican command to add to the other commands already and cover other continents in the world.
Thus, to follow on the reccomendation of experts gathered, who came form all angles of political and security establishments in America, the Bush Junior administration set Africom up with mandate wide pass to contain Nigeria but also to keep eye on the strategic penetration of Chinese people in Africa.
It is as US Central Command (USCENTCOM) takes to Middle East and Asia, so Africom will be to Africa, as its base in Florida, European Command (EUCOM), as its base in Stuttgart, Germany, is to Europe and Southern Command (SOUTHCOM), also based in Florida, is to Europe and Southern Command (SOUTHCOM), also based in Florida, is to Latin America and the Caribbean.
The presence of French military has already surrounded Nigeria already as it is in Niger, Cameroun, Chad and Benin.
The American people also have drone bases in Niger.
To add Africom to the mix in Nigeria will amount to a complete capitulation of our strategic interest to both France and America.
As we have it in mind that our strategic interest plus profile in Africa is not always followed with the one in France and America, hosting Africom in Nigeria will be the same thing like allowing wolf into chicken cage.
Noting is in the insecurity crisis facing the country that our armed forces cannot cope with.
This is after the military force that eventually secured Liberia and Seirra Leone against a well-entrenched and organised army of insurgents well-entrenched and organised in the country from a long logistical supply line thousands of miles; the army of Joshua Dogonyaro, Victor Malu and Maxwell Khobe, to mention few of the plenty gallant Nigerian soldiers distinguished in the operation.
It is regretable that the Nigerian military, having falled from high standards known, is now struggling to cope with the activities of non-state actors internally.
But intrinsically and essentially, the military in Nigeria still carry the capacity and capability to defeat this threat to our nations security if they have the correct leadership, doctrine plus motivation.
We need all the assistance and coopration that the American people can give us if they want to give us.
But as we hold us for hand to host Africom with our circumstances in view of its antecedent and implication to our strategic interest, on our soil.
After facing challenges, Plateau target 7m metric tons of Irish potato.
In Nigeria, the Plateau State is a nomba that plants Irish potato as it is produced in nine of the 17 local government areas of the state.
The Potato Value Chain Support Project of the African Development Bank (AfDB) initiative has Plateau as a state with 90 per cent of the potato production in the country as countries like Chad, Ghana, Niger, Benin and other ones have large supply of potato from Nigeria.
The large potato production in Plateau State, according to PotatoPRO com, a leading source of information in global potato industry, has made Nigeria the number four big countries in sub-Sahara Africa.
However, farmers said there was no good reach and poor road network, plus the cost of fertilizer and other farming input continue to stand as major setback for the production of potatoes in the nation and export.
Other challenges that contribute to low yield and loss in harvest to the potato value chain include disease like blight and bacterial wilt, plus poor seedlings.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State is among the ten poorest state in Nigeria as poverty rate exceeds 70%.
However, the state has comparative advange to boost economic activities by improving the competitiveness of the potato commodity value chain.
The project Coordinator of the Potato value Chain Support Project, Thomas Muopshin, said though the visibility of the tuber crop is evident in nine local government areas in Plateau, Na Bokkos and Mangu LGAs are the hub for potato.
It produces more potato than any LGA in the country.
However, Muopshin said adaptability research indicate that the remaining eight LGA in the state also can plant potato, which will make all 17 LGA in Plateau can produce tubers, especially in dry season.
However, the Association of Potato Farmers (APF) in the state, said unless address the challenge facing the value chain, increase production and export of potato will continue to pass the national.
Chairman of APF in Plateau State, Lazarus Makut, in an interview with Daily Trust, said the inadequate small dams, especially in remote areas where potato grows, and bad road and high cost of farm input continually affected potato output.
He said the cost of mechanised farming that can increase production quickly has been expensive as the majority of farmers are small scale producers unable to afford mechanization.
An unknown farmer, Martha Mamgup, who plants potatoe in Ampang town in Mangu LGA, said water not reaching the dry season affects potato farmers and harvest is low every year.
Bekos of this, she said, the majority of farmers search for a location of borehole to farm to access irrigation water in farm.
Martha also explained that the high cost of fertilizer prevents many farmers from improving quantity plus quality of yield, she added that when fertilizer is not reached, it affects the crop output.
The cost also prevents many of us from expanding the business.
So, to get fertilizer is not easy for us.
She said the construction of more dams plus a borehole for irrigation will lead to more production of potatoes.
If the crop is not reached for the crop, it will dry and later die and day is why some farmers with the resources prefer to dig boreholes in Mangu for irrigation because, without it, season farming will be difficult, she said.
Irish potato in a market in Jos
Production to reach 7million metric ton after completing lab
Witing potato production in Plateau State that jumped from 1,656,650 metric tons in 2017 to 2,359,890 metric tons in 2020, the establishment of Potato Value Chain Support Project and expects the construction of tissue culture lab to triple the production of seven million metric tons by the time 2021 ended.
The officer who monitored and evaluated state's Potato Value Chain Support Project in the state, Baleri Yakubu, told Daily Trust that the state expected to start production of six million of potato every year after completing the tissue culture lab at the end of 2021 but is optimistic that production could pass seven million metric tons every year.
However, Yakubu said the state government should tackle other challenges facing farmers, especially the one of fertilizer as well as dam and road networks as they expect farmers to apply proper potato farming regulation to achieve expected target.
Our correspondent heard that the tissue culture lab, which intends to improve potato yield in the state by providing seeds that resist pests and other disease related to potato, is expected to commence full operation in few months.
Yakubu said he is certain that the advent of the lab will improve income for farmers and revenue in the state government and also help food security in the country.
Farmers in Plateau State, however, believe that the tissue is, if it is fully equipped, will reduce the cost of treatment for the crop when disease affects.
They also hope that better quality seeds will be available at affordable prices.
FG never returned 4.2m Ibori loot to Delta Accountant General
The Office of the Accountant General of the Federation (OAGF) recalled on Wednesday that the Federal Government has not returned the 4.2 million loot recovered from former governor James Ibori to Delta Government.
They are still waiting for the money after that they resolve the issues with him before taking any further action.
For now, no money was returned into Delta State, a statement from the office revealed, signed by the Director of Information, Press and Public Relations, Henshaw Ogubike.
The statement said Ibori has not resolved the issue of the 4.2million loot by Ibori.
In a previous comment made by Accountant General of the National Assembly that the loot was returned to the government of Delta, Henshaw Ogubike said: The Agf is only general comment about money rcorver as it relates to state government.
The three Super League strongheads did not gree against UEFA coercion.
Super League three Real Madrid, Barcelona and Juventus insisted Wednesday that they remain committed to modernise football even as UEFA is threating to discipline.
UEFA opens formal disciplinary waka on Tuesday against three clubs who were not greeted to give up on the Super League project that has been aborted.
In a joint statement, Juventus in Italy, and the two Spanish sides said they remain committed to modernise football through open dialogue with UEFA.
FC Barcelona, Juventus FC and Real Madrid CF wish to express absolute rejection of the insistent coercion by UEFA towards the three institutions relevant to the history of football, the statement said.
This attitude to raise alarm constitutes breach of the decision made by courts of justice, who have made clear statements to warn UEFA to stop taking any action to punish the clubs founding the super League when still on the legal matter.
Therefore, as UEFA take disciplinary proceedings is incomprehensible and direct attack against the rule of law that us, a citizen of the European Union, has built up with democracy, there is still lack of respect toward the authority of the courts of justice.
China has given reach 140 million COVID-19 vaccines
China has administered 139.97 million doses of COVID-19 vaccines as of April 4, 2021, the National Health Commission (NHC) of the country said.
China is working to make sure that vaccination efforts in major areas and key sectors are based on the overall plan of the country, inoculating the eligible population as wide as possible and to make progress in stages, as Wu Liangyou, deputy director of the NHCs Disease Prevention and Control Bureau.
The country has gathered resources to ensure inoculation in cities with large and medium size, urban areas with high risk of infection, including employee in public sector, student and faculty in college and universities, plus service staff in big supermarkets, Wu said, and added that vaccination in other groups is in progress.
In present, Beijing, Shanghai plus some other places in China have given senior citizens who want to kolekte the vaccine, above the age of 60 and patients with chronic diseases COVID-19 vaccines, with a beta physical condition.
He Qinghua, an official of the NHC, noted that the commission will advance the vaccination campaign with order of importance, following the provision of informed consent, voluntary participation and free inoculation.
The country is coordinated regular prevention and control with its vaccination efforts, to ensure that the regular responsibility of local government and the one with a komot eye is fulfilled, and to advance vaccination campaigns in manner more secured and orederly and forceful, he said.
Besides, China has taken steps to include more people in vaccination campaigns to ensure health, the official added.
So far, China has approved COVID-19 vaccines produced by five enterprises for conditional marketing or for emergency use.
Phase III of three vaccines which were not activated and one adenovirus vaccine showed efficacy meets the requirements of National Medical Products Administration in China and the World Health Organization.
Phase II trial of the recombinant protein subunit vaccine appove for emergency use has shown that the vaccine is safe and can cause strong immune response.
All the COVID-19 vaccine adopted by China has gone through clinical studies that follow relevant standards, approved by the National Drug Regulatory Organization (NHC) and started using it after strict examination, said Li Bin, deputy head of NHC.
All vaccines should be monitored and recorded from time to time to ensure that they meet requirements on temperature environment and transportation.
Li added that Health regulators in China have also enhanced efforts in the training of health workers, requiring obeying operating instructions, so that they can guarantee the efficacy and safety of the vaccine.
Wema Bank is doing an essay contest for children
Wema bank Plc hosted a creative essay competition to test the creative writing ability of young children aged from five to 12 years.
The 2021 Royal Kiddies Essay Competition titled Write and Win, aim is to develop writing skills, promote creativity, imagination capacity, reward creativity and drive excellence in their learning process.
Ten kids will emerge in a screening process that will be transparent, credible and thorough.
The three essays coming out will kolekt Huawei tablets and Royal Kiddies branded T-shirts.
The remaining seven entries will have N20,000 prepaid gift card each for school supplies plus branded T-shirt.
The essay competition will be open to children who have opened, plus funds Royal Kiddies Account or wards, and entries will be closed on May 24, 2021.
From Hushpuppi to Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang
Twelve months ago, Ramoni Abass (37 years) was arrested for money laundering from business email compromise fraud and other scams targeting firms and a premier league club.
The total money he made was $435 million after defrauding 1,926,400 victims.
After a year, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) also arrested Abidemi Rufai (called Sandy Tang), Senior Special Assistant on Special Duties to Ogun State Governor, Dapo Abiodun in John F kennedy Airport, concerning criminal complain that he scamed Washington State Employment Security Department of $350,000 (N144,375,000).
The money tifled is a relief money for a pandemic designed by Washington State for people who may have lost jobs because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
It was during lockdown and the investigation bureau started tracking the alleged fraudster who made law in Nigeria Federal House of Representative if he did not loss the Ijebu North/Ijebu East/Ogun Waterside Federal Constituency election to Adekoya Adesegun, Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) person.
The fraud was done by stealing identity of Washington residents over 100 as they fill false claims with the Employment Security Department (ESD) for pandemic-related unemployment benefits.
They create a new e-mail account for each identity stolen, to identify the claim with different people to escape automatic fraud detection system.
After that, he paid over $288,000 to his bank account in America between March and August 2020.
Cybercrime is a global threat to people, organisations and countries.
Nigeria losses over $128 billion to cybercrimes every year
By the time 2021 will end, the world will have lost total of $6 trillion.
To date, there have been over 40 Nigerians or who are still investigating for complicity in fraudulent scams.
The alleged unemployement benefit fraud in Rufai will be under what I have called COVID-19 fraud in Nigeria.
This is a scam using loopholes that COVID-19 pandemic has caused to scam people, governments and organizations.
During the COVID-19 lockdown in Nigeria, cybercriminals do frauds along the interventions from government and private sectors and scamm many and some of the schemes are still till date.
Domino pizza fraud, federal government cash palliative fraud, N20, 000 Dangote relief fund fraud and promo sales fraud among others.
When there is cyber-criminality outside Nigeria, some youngsters do it in Nigeria.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) is arrested, also trying and convicted.
To understand the culture that sustains cyber-criminality can help serious governments to fight the crime.
The family is the small world in the larger society.
It is the place that should nuture normal human beign in the society.
Apart from the fact that many families in Nigeria are in the dungeon of poverty and hard to take care of children, some of the children have been breadwinners, as it is, it is not legit.
Ethical behaviour training in many homes is challenging as parents are arrested and children gathered to cyber-criminality.
In some other places, yahoo boys mamas are formed associations to celebrate children success and justify the criminal thing they do.
In the religious seting, pastors, alfa and traditinalist make home and benefit from yahoo-boyism.
Moral teachings have come to materialistic Pentecostalism to enter.
It has a viral video where some boys spray money while a shepherd in a white garment church enjoyed the captive moment, as a member of the female youth wing of the church led by the female youth wing of the church recorded the act of shame.
Pikin who was born in 1999 when Nigeria entered democracy again was 21 years now.
Sadly, it grows to appreciate lies as a way of life from politicians mouth (and in many cases from home) which devise people to vote for and fulfill their promises in partnership.
Lying is the foundation of the sociology of hushpuppism.
Youth socialise daily in corruption by people in public offices.
It is seen how the system gives farudulent people soft landing (for public or private).
She asked how many fraud and corruption allegation have been investigated and discharged with punishment when the accuse is guilty.
The many cases end with off-the-mic like the Nigeria Delta Development Commission (NDDC) case ending as a family affair.
The youths are seen as celebrating flamboyant lifestyle in dirty.
They are seeing how poor politcal aspirants are became a millionaire withing months to enter office.
It is seen how traditional institutions have become cash and carry when they give chieftancy title.
Tertiary educational institutions, with few exceptions, award Undeserving Honours in exchange for money.
All of those mismanaged money have a soft landing.
To add to this list of cultures that nuture cybercrime are the lyrical glamour of some Nigerian musicians who present cybercrime as a work and game that is not crime.
If we elect fraud persons into a legislator, he will make law against the crime involved.
The process of party leaders to give nominations to the high bids need review if we want to stop importing problematic things into our political system that has already lost morality.
It is unfortunate that the critical reasoning of party leaders goes low when they show money.
They provide a platform for dubious character to cover up and the society is worse with action.
Greed also causes cyber-criminality.
The FBI agent incestigate Rufai, Donald Voiret said greed was a powerful motivator.
Unfortunately, the greed alleged by this defendant is affecting all taxpayers.
To move forward, we cannot live in sin, expect grace to abound.
Nigeria sanitise anti-coruption system and put accoutability policy in place to track lifestyle with material accumulation.
We must give youths in Nigeria hope by creating employment opportunities, reducing poverty and reviewing reward systems.
The EFCC need to invest in technology and expose detective to modern cybercrime investigation procedure.
The commission must finish investigation before arresting suspects as FBI did before arresting Huspuppi and Abidemi Rufai Sandy Tang.
Unless tackle the culture that sustains cybercrimes in Nigeria with social social engineering, cyber-criminality will continue to spread.
Dr Tade, a sociologist writes this piece at dotad2003@yahoo.com
DrC president Tshisekedi enters chair in African Union
President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Felix Tshisekedi enters chair in the African Union on Saturday.
He entered office on the first day in the 34th Ordinary Session of the Assembly of Heads of State and Government in Addis Ababa.
It came after president of South Africa, Cyril Ramaphosa as the rotating chair of the organization.
The Au will aim to address the bad impact of COVID-19 in the continent.
The union
Official theme in 2021 is Arts, Culture, and Heritage: Levers for Building the Africa We Want.
Despite country and continent-wide control measures, the impact of COVID-19 has carryed plenty human, financial and socio-economic costs to Africa people, Tshisekedi said.
The crisis has however given us the option to re-examine our socio-economic priorities and work towards sustainable and inclusive economic growth that will allow women and girls to contribute to our society for the fullest.
We must rely on ourselves more and find collective solutions to our problems.
Tshisekedi said the DRC during his time as head of the union looked to elevate African voices.
It will also focus on sustainable development by and in Africa.
We will work to ensure integral well-being, peace and security, health care and strong response against COVID-19, plus food security.
Agricultural transformation, education, gender equality, climate justice, for people and good to move freely, and freedom of speech and religion plus to enhance our common heritage: language, and memorial sites of the history of people in Africa, which will be centred in our agenda, the president added.
New wahala in Lagos PDP concerning LG polls
One fresh whala has been gathered in Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) concerning the release of guidelines for the conduct of the local government elections coming by the Chairman of the state Engr Deji Doherty.
Engr Doherty, who has been in a battle with many of his colleagues in the State Working Committee (SWC), which led to his suspension recently, released the guideline on Friday.
It will be remembered that the State Independent Electoral Commission (LASIEC) has released the timetable for the elections held on Saturday, July 24, 2021.
In the internal strife lingering in the State PDP, the Chairman released the guidelines, which as we heard was not good for the eyes of most of the executive members who said they did not carry long.
One member of the state executive said the chairman planed the timetable unilaterally and he did not involve other executive members.
We later heard that the other faction of the party opposed Doherty could counter the embattled Chairman this over the guidelines.
The executive member who said the position of the vex will enter public this week, insisting that key members of the executive should sideline key members of the executive.
How he felt to be born in the pandemic By Dil Afrose Jahan
When news of death is everytime, a new life brings hopes plus hope.
For January 1, 2020, a new morning, two red line changed my life.
I have a belle and I am happy.
It was a mamzing start to new year.
It was the most remarkable year of my life.
All of a sudden, every change.
My daughter Roshomon Tara was born at the end of the first lockdown in Dhaka, Bangladesh; she is now nine months old.
She was the reason I was a mother in the middle of global crisis.
No only her born, but also a new me, mama Tara, who spend the whole pregnancy in lockdown at home and born the children in emergency condition in the emergency.
Tara has seen the world with masks and isolation.
Her grandma also fears to touch her or come near her if she is not wearing a mask.
If pandemic is not there, my journey to enter motherhood would be different.
This Mother Day is very special as my children are on my front, looking at me and smiled.
In the last mother day, she grows inside of me.
The only thing that does not change, meanwhile, is the pandemic.
It was 16 weeks in me when the pandemic happened, and the world enters a lockdown.
I am struggling to survive the pandemic with my hormonal and physical changes.
The 22 weeks were like war.
My husband, Sina Hasan is a musician, and all his concerts were cancelled at that time.
I am a freelance journalist since January 1, 2021.
So we are dependent on what I have saved already, and we spend all my savings.
Our parents and two journalists association came forward to help in the main time.
I am fearful of evrithing.
Most of the time, it is like a death.
They are knocking in our door.
I am adapting to a new life that is online and delivering our things or home-delivery.
I have to wait for one week to deliver groceries like day.
I even feared to send the only family member living with me, my husband to komot to buy food storage.
So, I don't eat.
Besides, I cannot go for my antenatal check-up as it took me time.
And I am not sure if my children are growing well if development is taking place timely.
I am sorry for my unborn children that I bring him into a world different from as it was.
The tele-medication helped me pass some hard times in the last three months.
I was forgeting the face of my gynaecologist.
I cannot imagine she would take a look if she does not wear PPE.
I need information about risks, precautions, and how to get emergency medical help.
Plenty of information flows around.
In this information wahala, a mother who has experienced my mother, and my mother-in-law can only support me and not meet me in a person when I am a child.
Traditionally, experienced mothers and mostly older women in the family will help new mothers with experience and observation.
I have had a lot of panic attack because I don't have information and understanding.
So I have an experience of a mother who gave birth during this time.
I see social media as a lifeline.
I read many exciting experiences on social media when I was following a group of over 100,000 women with breasts and giving children breasts as they support each other to survive the pandemic.
The various media groups in the country have helped pass 100,000 females and those giving children breasts as they share experiences and information during the lockdown.
This group helped me to find a heakth care facility to do emmergency ultrasound after heavy bleeding firs in the lockdown.
Any group helps to stop anxiety and depresion following childbirth.
I am vexed that I cannot meet my parents, relatives, or friends to share the joy of being a new member in the family.
My daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimpur Maternity, where I was born decades ago.
And she met another child one on one when she was four months old in December 31, 2020, when Tara and her father went to the rooftop with me to see the fireworks.
ANOda fimily with two babys, my neighbour who I met for the first time also would be going to speak byebye in 2020.
Every day is, and it is still a gift, to consider the recent statistics of increased Covid-19 cases.
When news about death is full every day, the new life brings hope and hope.
For a mother, it is not different from winning war as born children in the pandemic and care for the new children alone, to confirm the safety of the children.
Socially, emotionally, and physically, this time can challenge persons.
This is thanks to the light that shines in the eyes of the baby.
thank you my children, my daughter, for who I am a mama and a successful fighter who survived this pandemic.
The Afrose Jahan has collected the National Geographic Society's Emergency Fund for Journalists.
National Geographic Society supports this work.
The national question, insecurity and the declaration in Asaba
By Segun Tomori
Recently, governors in souther Nigeria met in Asaba and made some kind resolution on the state of the nation, which is called Asaba declaration.
The meeting is coming on the matter as insecurity in the country has worsened, agitation by some kind of ethnic jingoists and as the matter murderous herdsmen menace generates nationwide attention.
Indeed, the bi-partisan nature of the meeting plus the unanimity of the 17 governors displayed showed that serious business.
Rstructuring in the context of true federalism and the ban of open grazing forms the koko of the declaration.
Major light following is to bring state police, devolution of power, review revenue formula to favour federating unit plus the need for national dialogue to discuss the nation's questions.
As supposed to condemn the way governors take a drag leg on financial autonomy in state legislature and judiciary and does not follow the spirit of true federalism which is called for, planty in the resolution is a tenet for the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) led by Gov. El-Rufai's committee on true federalism.
One will expect that the leading light in APC will take advantage of the bipartisan nature of the Asaba declaration, and the support of the major opposition party to begin the process to address the issue.
Instead, we saw attempts to take play to the gallery and in some quarters, subtle censure of the governor.
The El-Rufai committee has recommended devolution of power, resource control, state police, local government autonomy plus review in revenue frmula for favour of federation unit among others.
President Buhari has given support for local government, state legislature and judiciary autonomy since, as he backed amendments in the statutes and issued Executive Order 010.
As the state of the nation takes place, where security and economic have been a big challenge, this two sectors should have the untimate attention to them.
Despite rateing Nigeria as a country with the highest GDP in Africa, we still did not make better efforts to translate it to improve standard of living or the majority of our countrys.
For instance now, our annual budget reaching $35 billion, is very inadequate to cater for the need of 220 million Nigerians.
South Africa with about 58 million people has a National budget of $75bn in 2019 and her Social Protection Programme reached 17m of its population.
The effort made by the Buhari administration, though it is a new way and commendable, is just dropping in the ocean and it is not adequate to make required impact.
It is here devolution of power and resources control.
Solid minerals and natural resources don't have any business to stay past one day in Exclusive list.
Almost all the states in the country have natural resources to sell markets to create wealth and generate the foreign exchange needed by the country.
The present system where the state is going to Abuja to collect federal allocation in the country is breeding indolence, it is not following the principle of true federalism.
But as the El-Rufai committee proposed, they should review the revenue formula to take favour of states since adding more responsibilities to them.
On the state police, it is undesratnable that governors will abuse him, but like Richie Nortondon, to escape fear, you have to go through it, not around it.
For too long, we have been walking round fear of abuse of state police, we have turned blind eye to the centralised Nigeria Police Force overstretched and which has become an inefficient and big problem.
As vice-President Osinbajo said some years ago, State Police was an idea that his time has come.
We have to address our fears and overcome it.
One of the way is to enact a legal instrument to establish the State Police Regulatory Commission (SPRC), along with constitutional amendments which will permit state police.
It will be similar function with Federal Police Service Commission (PSC) but it will have wider power to exercise appointive and regulatory functions.
Do ban on open grazing that the governors restate is not a thing, it is part of the fulcrum of the National Livestock Transformation Plan (NLTP) approved by the National Executive Council (NEC).
The International Crisis Group (ICG) has put the NLTP as the most comprehensive effort to overhaul the inefficient and grossly underperforming livestock system.
For the core is a strategy to curb migratory or open grazing and thus lower the risk of conflict between herders and farmers, therefore, beggars belief that some myopic, self-acclaimed ethnic champions choose to lampoon the ban on pre-historic, nomadic open grazing.
Let the federal and state government move very fast to fully implement this new plan so that we can put this farmers-herders clash from time to time behind us.
The convocation of National Dialogue, which is a major demand of the Asaba declaration, cannot be necessary since report from the 2014 National Conference plus recommendations of the Gov. El-Rufai-led APC committee on True Federalism.
The two report aimed at far reaching recommendations that the governor and legislator in the national assembly can agree on, instead of waste resources on another jamboree.
On the issue of separatist agitations, bringing modalities to do referendum as it is in the constitution.
It is almost certain that many majority of Nigerian people want to live together, not mind our differences.
To do this will take the sail komo in the wind of divisive elements, which fan fire of hate and discord.
The Southern Governor has affirmed commitment to one United Nigeria on the basis of justice, fairness and equity, so must every patriotic Nigerian.
Though we have challenges like every other country, we must listen to ourselves as US President Joe Bidden often said.
Tomori lives in Abuja
Two officers died as IPOB jaguda people put fire on police stations
It was not reached 24 hours after the new commissioner of police in Anambra, Christopher Adetokumbo Owolabi, resumed, his jaguda people attacked Obosi Police Station in Idemili North local government area in the state and killed two officers.
The jaguda people attacked the police station late on Wednesday, freed all detainers before setting the station on fire.
One person at the police station affected by the incident said plenty of jaguda people enter and attacked the police station around 11pm.
He identified the officer who died as Inspector James and Awalu.
The source said the victims were killed in a filling station not functioning again close to the police station.
The source also said when other police officers on duty noticed unusual movement of the unknown gunmen, they run and the attackers had time to burn the police station down.
Meanwhile, the police in Anambra have confirmed the killing of two men.
DSP Tochukwu Ikenga, the Public Relations Officer (PPRO) of the command, who confirmed the attack, said the state commissioner of police has dispatched a tactical team to assess the incident on the spot.
The tactical team led by the Assistant Commissioner of Police led the tactical team has instruction to see on the spot assessment of the place.
The team also told the team to identify and catch the jaguda people who did the attack, he said.
Ikenga, who added that the body of the two police were in nearby morgue, said the matter was being investigated.
NEPC, Commonwealth collaborate on production of professional service export data
The Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC) and the Commonwealth Secretariat London want to collaborate to produce reliable data on export for professional services in Nigeria.
When speaking at the inaugural meeting of the National Consultative Committee for the International Trade-in-Services (NCCITS) held under the Commonwealth Secretariat London, the Executive Director/Chief Executive Officer of the NEPC, Mr Olusegun Awolowo, said Nigeria has not readily accessible and reliable data on trade-in-service.
Awolowo said he had tried before to create awareness on the trade-in service sector of the economy, including creating National Strategy for Export of Professional Services in 2010.
He said the Commonwealth has helped Nigeria to develop a roadmap for the sector in 2016.
The spokesman of the NEPC said the current focus in collaboration with the Commonwealth Secretariat is on data/statistics collection and management.
He said this is critical to our efforts in export as it fills the gap in collecting or capturing data from relevant institutions in order to generate, analyse and use statistical information on trade-in Service as it is globally.
NITDA, firm launches tech startup fund in July
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) and a firm beased in United States Mass Challenge have signed agreement to financially support between 10 and 15 start-ups from July, to reach full potential withing 12 months.
Director General of NITDA, Kashifu Inuwa Abdullahi said this on Tuesday during a virtual media stakeholder engagement with officials of MassChallenge.
Abdullahi said the initiative was designed to identify and accelerate top start-ups base in Nigeria and grow businesses to serve the Nigeria and global market.
The DG in NITDA who said the initiative would be launched in July added that it will improve tech innovation and entrepreneurship in the country.
Start up a vibrant ecosystem is highly critical to the future of our country and it is vital to find solutions to our various challenges.
Innovation is a prominent way to create properity for all and lift countries from poverty.
The CEO of MassChallenge, Siobhan Dullea, said the firm has supported over 2,900 start-up across the world and that the firms have generated $3.6 billion revenue and create 86,000 jobs.
Kidnappers carry two women in Abuja council
Kidnappers have taken two women, Christiana Isa Attah and Favor David, behind Anguwar Kpokpolobi community in Naharati, Abaji Area Council, FCT.
Mama of the two victims, Mrs. Ruth Attah, retired school teacher, told our reporter at her home that around midnight on Saturday the incident happened.
She said the children were in the room when the kidnappers entered the house after jumping a fence that was not too high.
She said she broke a window to enter the room where her children were sleeping and took a gun in hand.
When the girls noticed that they were trying to break the window, they run to my room to hide, but the kidnappers followed me to my room, and took all of us to the room, she said.
According to her, the kidnapper was left her after some few metres past her house when she was noticed that she was not able to walk because of old age.
It was after we crossed the river, the other gang member told me to go back home with my two children, she said.
One resident in the area, who wanted to be anonymous, said the kidnapper did the operation for more than one hour as they shot up to scare people from the area.
He said no security man came here when the kidnappers were shot inside air for about one hour.
Daily Trust gathered that until that very day, the woman and her children were always sleeping in neighbours house and went back home because they feared kidnappers as their house is just few metres from the river.
We also gathered that of the daughter of the woman, who is a class teacher in the area is preparing to do wedding next month.
The police command in FCT, that is ASP Maryam Yusuf, did not pick calls or reply text message sent to her fone to confirm the latest kidnap incident in the area.
Why I run for gov in Anambra Anglican Priest
One Anglican Priest, Rev Godwin Okonkwo, has said he was raced for the November governorship election in Anambra State because he wants to bring the fear of God and knowledge of prudent use of resources to show on governance matter in the state.
Okonkwo who spoke with Daily Trust on Wednesday shortly after his supporters spoke in Awka, the Anambra State capital, said the state was behind in terms of good governance.
The people who are here now have not been able to manage the resources of Anambra State for the good of the Anambra people.
I believe we can do better as we manage the resources of the state.
Time has reached to move from lukewarm attitude of leadership to better leadership.
I am in Apc to change the poor outing of the party in the state for past years, he said.
Barty beat Kvitova to play last four match with Badosa
Ashleigh Barty will take on Paula Badosa in the semifinal of Madrid Open after beating Petra Kvitova 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 on Wednesday.
World No 1 Barty chase her fourth singles title in the year after she won in Stuttgart 10 days ago.
For the last four she will face the woman who beat him komot in the quarterfinal in Charleston in early April.
For Wednesday, the Australian was komot as top against a winner of Wimbledon two times plus 2015, 2018 Madrid open winner Kvitova.
Wildcard Badosa becomes the first Spanish woman in the tournament of the 12-year to make the semi with her 6-4, 7-5 win over eighth seed Belinda Bencic.
They parade 22 mummies of Pharaoh in Egypt.
It was twenty-two mummies of pharaoh wlk on the street of Cairo on saturday evening in a stunning royal procession from Egyptian Museum on Tahrir Square to the new National Museum of Egyptian Civilization (NMEC) in Fustat.
It was the event mark as NMEC officially launched.
Against the backdrop of fireworks, the mummies 18 kings and four queens travelled in order of age on purpose-built gold-colored pharaonic chariots, equipped with an air ride suspension system to absorb vibrations, and bearing the names of their occupants in Arabic, English, and hieroglyphics.
Seqenenre Tao II, who ruled Upper Egypt around 1,600 BCE, led the parade, as Ramses ix, who ruled in the 12th century BCE, brought up the rear.
As it follows the strict international standard for the transport of artifacts, the royal remains placed in state-of-the-art sterile display cases to guarantee immaculate preservation.
It was 60 motorcycles, 150 horses, and a pharaonic music ensemble conducted by renowned Egyptian maestro Nader Abbassi.
The procession started with a 21-gun salute, circled the obelisk at the Tahrir Square close, and then proceeded along the Nile to NMEC, where Egyptian President Abdel Fattah El-Sisi personally welcomed the mummies to their new permanent home in Fustat, the National Museum of Egyptian Civilization.
The 40-minute parade catched participation of 12 celebs in Egypt, as 200+ global TV channels broadcast it.
The pricelees artifacts will spend the next two weeks in the NMECs laboratory, where they will prepare for installation in the Royal Mummies Hall, located in the valley of the Kings.
The Royal Mummies Hall will open to visitors on April 18, which is associated with World Heritage Day.
To promote the launch, NMEC offers 50 percent discount on entry ticket prices to the Central Exhibition Hall for visitors from April 4 to 17.
To add join, representatives of local and international media have the opportunity to take picture and video the artifacts in the Central Exhibition Hall for free on April 4 and 5.
Overlooking Ain Al Sira in the heart of the historical city of Ustt near Babylon Fortress, NMEC is one of the most important archeology museums in the world and the first to last in the whole civilization in Egypt.
Uproar arrested in Kano prison concerning illicit drugs
Pandemonium was in Kano central prison in Kurmawa on Thursday evening over bad drugs.
The uproar started when the warder in the prison was detected and siezed cannabis, allegedly brought to inmates on Thursday evening.
When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Correctional Service (NCoS) in Kano State, Musbahu Lawal Kofar Nasarawa, confirmed the matter, adding that the committee has set a committee to find out how the cannabis enters into the centre.
He said, someone brought cannabis into the prison and our operatives collected it, so we started shouting, saying we should give it.
We have set up a committee already to find out how that kind of illicit drugs get into the house; whether it was placed in the food brought to one of the prisoners or a person conceived with some of our operatives.
The action is not anything with jailbreak, it is just uproar, we have already reinforced orders back in custodial centre, he added.
Rumour is that the prisoners want to break the jail to take attempts to escape as they reject the food given to break fast, because they collected donations from philanthropists.
The spokesman of NCoS has debunk the rumour, described as baseless.
Daily Trust reports that the 100 years prison in Kurmawa area, behind Palace of Emir in the metropolis is the biggest custodial centre in the state.
FG calls for global action against terrorism, drug trafficking
The federal government urged world leaders to give international cooperation strength as part of efforts to successfully fight terrorism and carry drugs, plus other kinds of crimes.
This is even as Nigeria expressed concern over the incident of bad financial flow from a developing economy to a developing economy in the world.
This is part of the position presented by Nigeria at the conference of United Nations Commission on Crime Prevention and Criminal Justice, in Vienna.
The Chairman/Chief Executive of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Femi Babafemi, was speaking as the Chairman/Chief Executive of the agency, Brig-Gen.
Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd), who presented the position of Nigeria in item 6C and 7 at the meeting, said as nations deepen cooperation and strengthen the processes of combating the financing of terrorism and prevention of terrorists to lose benefit from ransom payments, it is also important for avoiding trafficking of bad drugs.
It is also necessary to put eye on and control as illicit traffic spreads, drugs affecting brains, leading to violence.
Nigeria also worry that the link between terrorism and other forms of crime like corruption, bad flow of money, money laundering, has grown, illicit trafficking in drugs, cybercrime, trafficking in people and smuggling of migrants, Marwa said.
When delivering a statement from Nigeria for item 6C on Wednesday, Marwa said as nation renewed its desire to improve international cooperation to address every kind of crime, Nigeria urged all state, once again, to make sincere efforts, to address the causes from the root, including; poverty, economic deprivation, inequality, drug abuse, plus other socio-economic factors.
When presenting the statement of the country on item 7 on Thursday, Marwa said Nigeria notes with great concern the incidence of illicit financial flows, we pass through the financial system every year, from developing and developed analysis.
To take advice to those who do this bad, including financial institutions acting as enablers, to state parties to make sure that illicit financial flow, when tracked, remains in the custody of financial institutions but transform it into escrow account, preferably in development banks pending return to countries of origin.
In this regard, we are calling for implementation of the recommendations of the facti panel for support of access reduction and the agenda 2030 for sustainable development.
Timipre Sylva, Kurfi celebrate as Chelsea win Champions League
Two prominent people in the former Governor of Bayelsa State and present Minister of State for Petroleum, Mr Timipre Marlin Sylva and the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, Alhaji Aminu Balele Kurfi were better celebrating mood on Sunday after Chelsea football club won a champions league title.
For a final all English, former champions Chelsea shock Man City 1-0 at the Estadio.
Do Dragao in Porto to win second trophy
Kai Havertz, one of the expensive additions from last summer, scored the goal that decided to put a third defeat in a row on Pep Guardiola's City.
Moments after the match, the former governor tweeted I supported Chelsea FC for the UCL trophy, and I didn't regret.
Kurfi who watched proceedings in Abuja with Sylva said he had created time to watch the match with the former Bayelsa State governor to support and celebrate with him after the match.
I need to support him because he is an avid fan of Chelsea.
I also believe that in the end, he has a reason to celebrate.
No one knows that His Excellency Timipre Sylva has passion for sports, especially football.
In my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I am father to all supporters of different clubs in my state.
I am with Chelsea from where I loaned me to Katsina United.
From United, I loaned me to Kufri Tigers, and presently, I am in every club, as Kufri said.
Election in Uganda: President Museveni has early lead, rivals said it was fraud.
President Yoweri Museveni has taken an early lead in the pesidential election in Ugand, according to results entered from the electoral commission on Friday morning.
This is as his main rival said he had proof that fraud has entered the election.
As he had 29.4 per cent of votes from ballot voted on Thursday, Museveni had won 1,852,263 votes, or 63.9 per cent as main opposition candidate Bobi Wine had 821,874 or 28.4 per cent, the commission said just after 11.00 a.m (0800 GMT).
Wine alleges fraud
Wine, a lawmaker who spoke with young Ugandans with call for political change, told news conference on Friday that he had a video of proof that fraud is durin the vote, and that it will end in peace he wants.
He said in a tweet early that he had confidence that he would win despite fraud and violence.
Musveni, who led the country in East Africa for 46 million people in 34 years, has not said anythimg as at noon.
Internet blackout
For Wednesday, the government orders to block internet till further notice, a day after banning all social media and messaging app.
Wine and his supporters used Facebook to show live coverage of his campaigns and news conferences after he said many media outlets were not greeted to host him.
The election campaign was spoiled with deadly crackdown on opposition candidates and supporters.
The capital of Uganda, Kampala, is normally quiet on Friday, a public holiday after the vote on Thursday, closed most shops.
Soldiers patrolled with leg in rain in a suburb visited by Reuters.
Commission head, Simon Byabakama, assured the nation on live TV on Thursday evening after polls have closed that results have been entered in the national tally centre despite the nationwide internet blackout.
We do not use local internet to transmit results, we use our own system, as he said, without giving details of the system.
No wori, result will come, Byabakama said.
New wave of pandemic has hit more in Japan prefectures.
Japan has been able to expand the present state of emergency to cover three more provinces, the government said on Friday.
This follows as the infection of coronavirus has been widespread in the country ahead of Tokyo Olympics in summer.
The prefectures in Hokkaido, Okayama and Hiroshima are likely to get the measure from Sunday to enter the end of May, Economic Revitalisation Minister, Yasutoshi Nishimura, told news people.
One panel of experts endorsed the proposal, as Nishimura, in charge of the coronavirus response by the government, said.
The northern island of Hokkaido report record of 712 new infections on Thursday as the western prefecture of Hiroshima also saw record of 219 new cases on Wednesday.
As the infection grows, Hiroshima and Okayama canceled a torch relay in a nest week on public road.
International Olympic Committee President, Thomas Bach, should participate in the torch relay event in Hiroshima on May 17.
However, local organizer said Bach had postponed his travel to Japan before the games.
The postpone was as the government extended the state of emergency in Tokyo plus three other prefectures until the end of May, and added two more regions including Aichi, Fukuoka in the measure.
The government declared the state of emergency in the four prefectures in April, requesting bar and restaurants to stop serving alchohol and not offer karaoke services again.
Experts have given warning that variants that are more contagious can spread quickly, especially as the roll of the coronavirus vaccine is very slow since launching it in mid-February.
Only one per cent of Japan's
They have vaccinated 125 million of people fully.
Farmers benefit from mechanised farms in Jigawa
The Malam Alu Agro Allied Company, which is a farm on top 100-hectare of land in Faru village, along Maiduguri road, Birnin Kudu Local Government Area of Jigawa State, has changed the pception in mechanised farming in Nigeria, the GM of Mansur Dau Aliyu said.
As the farm was established almost five years ago, as we gather, it was a direct response to the call by the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to return to agriculture as the mainstay of the economy in the nation, while rely on it as the source of revenue in the country.
Each cattle has a nomba tag attached to him in his ear.
Founder of the company, Farouk Adamu Aliyu, a former member of the House of Representative keyed into him, the GGM added.
We are doing greenhouse farming.
We have 10,000 square-metres of fully automated soilles greenhouse, where we produce tomatoes.
We also have two 250 square-metre greenhouses where we produce other greenhouse vegetables, plus another 500 square-metre greenhouse, which we use as a nursery.
This greenhouse is all foreign-oriented, installed to produce variety of vegetables.
It is only tomato produced in the 10,000 square automated soilless greenhouse; and we produce an average of 10 to 11 ton of tomato every week.
We have a 10,000 square-metre locally fabricated greenhouse.
We also have livestock section, where we have over 300 herds of cattle, some camels, goat and sheep, he said.
Daily Trust heard that the farm also has a fishery unit, with about 50,000 fish in the pond.
Similarly, a forty-ton per hour fertilizer blending plant installed in the early part of the year, as we have heard, produced reach 300 loads of NPK fertilizer under the Presidential Fertilizer Initiative.
We import equipment that can install 120,000 capacity in poultry systems.
We hope that we will produce between 3,000-4,000 crates of egg in one day, Mansur said.
He said the farm also has a plant which produces 2,000 litres of milk in one day, adding that it also has about 150-200 hectres of land elsewhere leaves for open field farming plus cultivation of rice and other crops.
Masur said major customers of the tomato are premium customers, notably, big big hotels in Abuja and Lagos, plus some other locations.
He confirmed, however, that the main market for the product is mainly in the eastern part of the country like Enugu, Onitsha, Owerri.
However, he admits that apart from the small customers in Kano, there is no tomato product in local market for some reasons.
First is the fact that the tomato produced form of farm is a special specie and the second reason is the fact that Jigawa is a major area of production of tomato.
You know that tomato is a common product here, so its price is higher than open market.
So, essentially, people did not actually look at our side, fell apprehensive with what we get because we believe it costs.
And when you have a product that is available in every country, it is sure that people will buy the one that is cheaper.
It is a farm hand feeding the fish.
When asked about the average lifespan of tomato products, he said, If you give the tomato every day, it means that nutritional supplements you take to feed it as it grows, if you give it all of these things, the tomato can last reach three weeks after harvest.
But even without it, it will last for minimum of one week, not in refrigeration, and not in a presure and plenty of heat.
You can put it on a table with better ventilation.
It can last for average of 10 days, but if providing every nutrient as required (every nutrient) it can last reaching one month.
We have experimented it, but then, it is not as you always want.
The farm is a source of employment for people reaching 200 in the village where it was located.
He also said the company had some people to train the youths in the area on information technology skills.
He further said most of the equipment used in the farm are from Turkey, except the fertilizer-blending machine, imported from China.
He said even the farming method was similar to that in Turkey, because there was a Turkish partner who helped to maintain the standard, but quickly he added that the company is conscious to allow Nigerians to run the tachnical aspect of its operation.
As reflecting on the effect of COVID-19 on the operation of the company, Mansur said, Malam Alu, as other corporate entities in the country, suffer from devastating effects of the virus.
In Mansur, youths in Nigeria have no excuse to remain unemployed with the kind of opportunities provided by agriculture, noting that the people who are lokking for white-collar jobs should adjust to the reality and go back to agriculture.
He believes Nigeria has done what it should be done long time before, noting that if the country has taken this step, it would have cornered the present economic wahala.
2023: Lawmakers to seek better deal in Southern Kaduna
The member representing Jaba Constituency in the State House of Assembly in Kaduna, Samson Monday Dikko, called on better people to come together and map out strategies that will salvage Southern Kaduna Senatorial District and people in 2023.
As he said after a meeting with stakeholders in Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area in Kaduna State on the weekend, Dikko, aspiring to be senator in the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), said the people who should care for Southern Kaduna people have abandoned them.
This is the time for the entire Southern Kaduna people to get it right.
We need to transform our region and improve security, education, health, agriculture, economy, employment and empowerment for the teeming youths and we will do it with a non-governmental organization, as he added.
The Director-General of the Campaign Organisation in Dikko, Timothy Chindo Kwassam, said the destiny of the people of Kaduna South Senatorial District will be in their own hands if Dikko represented in the Senate in 2023.
For evrithing under the sun, it has a reason.
So as Dikko comes in this critical period of time is not a ordinary coincidence, but a divine play from God to liberate the region from evrithing that hinders it from growing and compete with other regions, Kwassam said.
3 Africa people, no Nigerians are among, as City, Chelsea contest UEFA Champions League final.
No doubt that football fans in Nigeria are waiting eagerly for the 2020/2021 UEFA Champions League finals coming tonight when two English clubs Manchester City and Chelsea will contest in the Estadio do Dragao, Porto in Portugal.
With view of the fact that UEFA Champions League is one of the biggest football competitions only next to FIFA World Cup and the Olympic football event, level of expectation has increased as giant in the Premier League are set to fight for the prestigious diadem.
As Manchestre City never won Champions League title before, Chelsea won first and only title in 2012.
Therefore, even as football pundits have tipped City who just won Premiership number seven to win this night, Chelsea will enter into the contest with their credentials.
They are former chsmpions.
However, as Thomas Tuchel who led technical crew in Chelsea never won the Champions League, his opponent in Manchester City dugout, Pep Guardiola has won him two times.
He won him with Barcelona in 2009 and in 2010.
Therefore, there is a lot to expect from the actors who will komot into the field at Estadio.
Do Dragao in Porto and the men who will take charge of the technical area?
Interestingly, even as both contestants have only three African players in Riyad Mahrez (Algeria, Manchester City), Hakim Ziyech (Morococo, Chelsea) and Edourad Menday (
Senegal, Chelsea) the interest of Africa in the final has declined.
In Nigeria here, where Chelsea and Manchester City enjoy plenty followers from passionate football fans, expection has caused a fever, and led to interesting realignment.
Fans of the other clubus who have moved into other stages of the Champions League have re-aligned with either Chelsea or Manchester City as interests are diverse.
The consequence is that the final is one of the most popular topics in sports at the moment and fans of the premiereship club have continued to predict as the final result could be.
However, as almost everybody has waited to savour the football artistry that can be displayed, some pundits are as nomba of African players in the final of the biggest football competition in the earth have been reduced.
If we follow history in the UEFA Champions League, only 24 African footballers have contested and won the trophy with European clubs.
It was sad that African football legends like Liberia's George Weah who was voted as World Footballer of the year in 1995, were voted as World Footballer of the year in 1995.
Rashidi Yekini of Nigeria, Mohamed Aboutrika of Egypt, Roger Mila of Cameroon, Jay-Jay Okocha, Sunday Oliseh, Taribo West and Victor Ikpeba of Nigeria, Rigobert Song of Cameroon and Hassam Hassan of Egypt did not win Champions League as a sabi ball reached.
Although Mo Salah (Egypt), Sadio Mane (Senegal), Joel Matip (Cameroon) and Naby Keita (Guinea) were on the big stage when Liverpool won the 6th UEFa Champions League title in 2019, the first African to win the trophy was Bruce Grobbelaar of Zimbabwe.
He achieved the feat with Liverpool in 1984.
It was Algerian legend Rabah Madjer who won him with FC Porto in 1987 and Abedi Pele (Ghana) in 1993 with Olympique Marseille followed him, before Nigeria.
Duo of George Findi and Nwankwo Kanu lifted him with Ajax Amsterdam in 1995.
He also recorded that Geremi Njitap of Cameroon was the first African to win the title twice in 2000 and 2002 with Spanish giants Real Madrid, Samuel Eto'o of Cameroon came to win it three times with Barcelona 2006, 2009 and 2010 with Inter Milan.
Oda African who won the highly coveted trophy is Ibrahim Tanko (Ghana).
Borussia Dortmund 1997, Samuel Kuffour (Ghana) Bayern Munich 2001, Benni McCarthy (South Africa) FC Porto 2004, Djimi Traore (Mali)
Liverpool 2005, Yaya Toure (Cote d'Ivoire)
Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Seydou Keita (Mali) Barcelona 2009 & 2011, Sully Muntari (Ghana)
Inter Milan 2010 and McDonald Mariga (Kenya) 2010.
John Mikel Obi (Nigeria), Michael Essien (Ghana), Salomon Kalou (Cote d'Ivoire), Didier Drogba (Cote d'Ivoire), Didier Drogba (Cote d'Ivoire), Didier Drogba (Cote d'Ivoire), Didier Drogba (Cote d'Ivoire), with Real Madrid 2018 complete the list of Africans who have won the UEFA Champions League.
To come close to home, the last time Nigeria won the trophy was 2012 when Mikel Obi was among AFricans lifting the trophy with Chelsea at the expense of Bayern Munich.
After that achievement by the former captain of Super Eagles, Nigeria saw other talented players rise, like Ahmed Musa, Wilfred Ndidi, Kelechi Iheanacho, Alex Iwobi, William Troost-Ekong, Leon Balogun, Ola Aina, Isaac Success, Chigozie Awaziem, Tyrone Ebuehi, Moses Simon and lately Victor Osimhen.
But none of them have been featured in the final of the biggest club competition in Europe.
The reason is not clear.
The top five club in Europe Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Manchester United and Liverpool dominate the competition.
Unfortunately, Nigeria players have failed to enter highly rated clubs in Europe.
It is hope of Nigeria football stakeholders that very soon the new generation of players will break barriers and begin to play in clubs with potential to win the UEFA Champions League.
If this fails, the football fans in Nigeria will continue to live with the agony of watching finals of the UEFA Champions League coming and going, without the presence of any Nigeria player.
As Nigerians wait for the next Super Eagle player to rise to the top of the European club competition the way Find George, Nwankwo Kanu did it with Ajax in 1995 and Mikel Obi in 2012, there are few hours left for the 2021 all English clubs final.
For the end, victory will be for the Manchester club who hunts for the first title ot the Londoners primed in the second itle and the football league that watched past the world, Premiership will be the ultimate winner.
Eyimba forced FC IfeanyiUbah to 2-2 draw in the Oriental derby
Enyimba FC came from behind to secure a 2- draw in a week 14 fixture rescheduled against oriental broda FC IfeanyiUbah at the Aba international stadium,
The orietal derby saw Eyimba made three changes to the team who lost at Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar returned after weeks off while Anthony Omaka and Victor Mbaoma enter the starting line up again.
The first 28 minutes of the game saw both sides trying to hit first but the visiting side draw first blood through Saidu Adamu who pokee him home from close range after Uche Onuoha headed Evans Ogbonda crossed to meet him.
As the away side had full control of the game, they had more confidence and that leave the host to scramble to get back into the game as the first end in 1-0 in favour of the visitors.
As restarted the second half, IfeanyiUbah continues to press for the second goal and get the reward that deserve when Saidu Adamu got his brace after taking Awazie square pass over the line in the 61st minute.
As the second goal stinged to life, Eyimba started throwing evrithing in arsenal to get back into the game.
In the 78th minute, presence paid off as Reuben Bala reduced the deficit in Eyimba in a lucky fashion.
It was Sharp Uzoigwe who kept out his initial header but the ball roll back to him and ovr the line.
The goal is to give Eyimba some hope as he continues to press for plunty nomba to secure a point at least.
And this happened in 90th minute through Imot Obot.
Following this result, Eyimba has moveed up to 5th position with 31 points from 17 games with two more outstandin matches.
Meanwhile, FC IfeanyiUbah is still in relegation zone with 17 points in 19 games.
Farmers are apprehensive as planting season begins with erratic rain.
As wet season has commenced in most parts of the season, farmers are beginning to panic with fear as rain is erratic and can threaten production.
rain is unsettling in Benue, Nasarawa, Niger, Kaduna and part of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), and many farmers have planted crops.
In the 2019/2020 wet season, erratic rain in the north and mid-season draught in the south-west made farmers lose money due to crop failure.
Musa Yohana and Halima Thomas, farmers in Doma and Lafia, Nasarawa State, said they have planted maize, groundnut plus other crops like casava and yam but feared that they may have another horrible experience like last season when they were forced to plant maize and groundnut two times.
I lost my yam last year due to heat that was too much due to rainfall.
This year, we have been second week in May but rain was not falling welwell.
And I have already planted 15 measures (about 20kg) of groundnut.
If it continues like this for another one week, I can lose all the seeds, Mr Yohana said.
Likewise, many farmers around the FCT have planted too, but have a big fear of crop failure as experienced last year.
For Benue State, In Benue State, our correspondent recalled that farmers have started cultivating land and plant crops on complaining that rain is not falling.
Some farmers who had prepared farms earlier in the tear said they could not begin to plant until one week ago, as others just started clearing land at the wake of the rainfall three times withing two weeks later.
A farmer in Otukpo, Ada hyacinth, said the ground is still too strong to cultivate because the rain is not frequent.
A farmer, Felix Tor, in Makurdi said he just planted melons and maize on the farm that was just cleared despite the consistent rainfall.
To be however expressed fear that the nature of the rainfall may affect the well-being of the crop.
He prayed that the yield would be better in the end.
But Vitalis Tarnongu, we have cleared his 1,000 hectares of farmland in the federal Unversity of Agriculture, in Makurdi (FUAM), said as the rainfall this year will make it begin to plant maize towards the end of May.
Tarnongu said a plant breeder in the University has advised him to wait until May 20 to start planting his maize because the nature of the rainfall since the season suggested that it could not fall for two weeks.
The sate chairman of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Aondongu Saaku, described farming as a business worth taking risk on.
Saaku said farmers who are seen as business have taken the risk to plent their crops already because without that kind of risk they will not reap at the end of the day.
Meanwhile, Dr Teryima Iorlamen, seed system specialist at FUAm, said farmers can go ahead to plant root and tuber crops as he followed the prediction of rainfall made this year.
Iorlamen said the period expecting farmers to wait has passed, stressing that the prediction of NIMET on the rainfall pattern in Benue State, which (experts) work with, has indicated that rain will stabilise in the state between April 18 and April 30, 2021.
We can assure farmers now that rain has stabilised, according to prediction made by NIMET.
Anything that is different for now will be a dry spell.
I have advised farmers to check water logging capacity in the field so that they can plant crops as required.
Rice likes plenty of water, so time is not enough to plant it.
But farmers can enter root and tubers now, which includes yam, cassava, maize and melon.
We believe the rain has stabilised.
Senate mourns late Army Chief, Ahmed Gulak
The Senate, on Tuesday, held a minute silence to honour the demise of former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, who was killed with a strong eye on Sunday in Owerri, Imo State capital.
This one followed motion of Deputy Senate President and chairman of the senate on Senate Constitution review Committee, Ovie Omo-Agege, at the floor of the Red Chamber.
Omo-Agege draws attention of his colleagues to the killing of Gulak, who the lawmaker hire to assist his committee on the amendment in the constitution.
Gulak was serving as consultant to the committee and entered Owerri for the public hearing on the review of the 199 constitution.
Though the programme was ended on Thursday, Gulak stayed behind and komot on Sunday.
It was killed as he went to airport in Owerri on his way to Abuja.
Omo-Agege described Gulak as a Nigerian who does not do tribal things, giving him best to the service of the country.
Also, on Tuesday, the Senate urged federal government to immortalise the late Chief of Army Staff, Lt Gen Ibrahim Attahiru.
The red chamber also observed a minute silence to take honuor Lt Gen Attahiru, who died in a plane crash near Kaduna International Airport.
This is a point of order by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army matter, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIN/profile code: NANS raises voice concerning disenfranchisement of students by JAMB
The Kaduna State Chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) on Tuesday said thousands of candidates will not take part in the Joint Admission and Matriculation Board (JAMB) this year.
Examination on hitches in NIN/Profile code
NANS chairman in the state, Axiz Huziafa Bello, in a statement issued yesterday in Kaduna was disagreeing with the JAMB.
Bello called for extension of the electronic registration instead of risking the life of students to travel to the headquarters of JAMB in states for manual registration.
He noted that the news bulletin released on Monday with the title Issues surrounding the 2021 UTME registration: Option available for genuine candidates who made attempts but did not register, showed that the management has failed to show sorry face for the hardship and agony facing the candidates.
He appealed to prominent Nigerians to prevail on the management of JAMB to stop making things hard for students in Nigeria as they try to get higher education and develop themselves.
He urged the examination body to extend the registration period and postpone the exam to do justice and fairness.