How they took dedi bodys of a civil defence in custody which is not deeply deep, not only.
The dead man of women who works in Nigeria and Civil Cl Corps (NSS) has been looking for 18 months, which was seen in 18 month, it has been seen in Benue into the state.
until the time was not seen, again Joseph Cine Cyhia Inealgwu, work at NScheling work at NSetottooto.
Ctnthia I amdom, and Ottooo in the Ittto, just when she was missing from her husband.
Some of her works that we want to write to the family, adding that her family was not to find it against her own days when her few days.
According to him, she said, she was to buy things as she was prepared for her marriage, but she did not return home.
One of the office of the people who died said as they were able to find it, they did not see him until one man was seen where man was brought to him.
The family told him that the family was told to be a woman who was her husband to do so, to do it was rotual for money.
After the Playing the family and security was arrested by the mans and security to arrest the man, the man was taken to the lababa which was on local government, he said.
When police had killed the husband and his Kanem in Ottouk, the family of the body was dead to go out to the body where it was led to him on June 1, 2021, 2021.
Calls, or answering a statement to him on the thing by the DSP Cather, who happened, DSP Caine, who said was not going to go with police.
The spokesperson of NSC Trump in the state, Asclikwu held by Elikwu 2008 when went to meet it, he said during the time when he said.
But the news said the news of the dedi persons whose sadness in the security was put on the security minds.
For the review of the constitution: MURIC said sharing in SouthWest before Christianity have entered into Christianity.
The Muslim Minister has been told by the Pentics Agencyship of Nigeria (PF) because of Nigeria (PNF) has to stop as part of Muslims.
The director of MU, Professor Imo Akion IkuCola was on Sunday.
He said this afraid the warned that the PNNN does not use any group review of the Senate as the Senate in order to improving the south-East.
PNN and other Christian members know that sharingiah is in the south-west before christity entered in 184.
They are practiced during the Ede, during the time of the time, Aba Olagun (A), Olagunbhb) is a name and that Muslims.
The improving court in Ede Ede is now 1913, in Agbeni in the town.
Agbong to Agbo in 1914.
The I was used in thewo for the time of the Obacron Lause (MMmamae Lade, Lade Lade), who died in 1995.
Despite the not svevn Akiki of Akiki of Iki, who is a ba Oye Oye Oye Oye Mohammed (12Fle) died in 1912.
This is an example that includingiah, and it has been spread in the Yorubaland, and to say the christian people, turian people was also anristian people because it was in Yubaled, who came alongside the Yristian law.
He said PFF and some otherristians were also lames that it is growing in south to grow in the south of went outst, and fear that the giant is left to go and that he said.
He said the cheristian was known that sharing the right of Allah has been deployed to Muslims.
But they have determined that they are not able to allow Muslims, it is the new way to use them.
They have been in mind that they are in the country to fight, and that nothing is bad for war.
They are used for good and bad to take what to do.
They have been called for Nigeria to understand the mentality of the Christianity of the Christian people here.
According to him, there is a quick quick vex, they were to belifffed by attacking people, the only way to defend them.
According to him, the colonial terrorista which reached a century, was to be able to keep all the things they can give.
They have been able to engage in order to Muslims in the place by colonial colonial them.
The spokesperson of the constitution has said to have been writeing to Nigerias people in the constitution.
Each group should bring the thimgs they need to come.
Instead of the N told the joining the which the christs were wanted to think, they want to think the christians said.
They wanted to block Muslims in the south, but there was no work to work.
He said, The religious tolerance is in the south, and it is wrong, and it is to put to a Yuba people to Auba people in Muslims in slavery.
Muslim regions have been open to the region, and asked freedom.
We are deamnding that they should be forced to wear a coristian uniform, to christian school, to be christian school, to use christian law.
Our wanting to cut people, but the engaging is in collaboration, which should be grown by a family, inheritance and family.
The thing is not aristians at all.
We are going to use all the way to fight, which the law should be done, according to the thing he said.
stakeholders in Edo have said Obaseki has been leader.
As the Peoples Democratic Party, Edo State have to control the partys of the party, Edo or Edo South, the party, has said it would benving the state, God wants to be a deputyuibibib, Philip's good.
Edo PDP in a statement in a communique issued at the end of the stakeholders meeting in the Benin city, saying Godwin Obaseki has been leader of the party in the state.
In the communique, the secretary, Wilson Evbuwawawa read, he said he supported the support of the new personality and integration of the party, the party should be achieved.
The police has been arrested by the kidnappers in Abuja, even though guns were kept.
The police came to have arrested at the FCT suspected kidnappers in Shenez-Tigbo Gwaelection, Kawaawa, Kanbwale village and During axis of Abuja.
The spokesperson of the ASP Maryand, was ASP Maryam Yusuf, who spoke on Maryam Yusuf, said in Abuja in Abuja, said the name of the suspect was given by the suspects, Ahmed Ibrahim Musa.
She said the suspect was a member of a syndicate of bandits also joined the Vice President of the Nigerian President of the Nigerian Association of the Nigerian President BarBBA) said.
Gwawale branch, Barrister David Aigbefoh.
She said the suspect was arrested during the suspected intelligence operation to operation from the commanding anti-kidnapping anti-ne for Shenegugunana on the border of the FCT and the FCT.
She said the suspect has given a good informant on the thimgs they were in the group.
He however said a arrest was arrested for Ninoideing the stage by abducting his Duringi area, the suspect said he confessed to the suspects with her 5 million to her 5 million from his sister.
She said some of the exhibitment of the suspectes from the suspect was three than seven guns, a guns, a Honlas, a Hondadane and four phones, she added.
She said the suspect to courts would have been suspended when the welwel, was warned, as she warned by the FCT, especially parents and acting in FCT, especially to put their children into crime.
However, Atletico strike, Atletico came into La Liga title
The goal Mai Luz Suarez scored Ath Athlets beat Real Valdrid Real Valolid 2-1 on Saturday, he made the team which had another team victory.
Suarezing is singing at the appealingiing of the season that Barcelona should be forced to end, but as the season season will end to 21, the season a goal win at the first league win in 2014, which is wined the first league of Real Madrid.
A lot of that if they knew, they are to win the trophy, it did not matter what is done for Villareal home.
But there is nobody, as Valladolid took a early lead.
Real Madrid also, frming into the game, Kari Benzemamama was equally equalize and Lukas, Modic scored late in Valbade 2-1 winners at Valbade, said a 2-1 time, a long time within the goal of the goal of the goal
In the final of the final of players, they ran into the field, red and white-rtdz, seeks to inspect Suarez, which is even unped by unpictable.
Suguzzed Zone
It is just just a week.
The coach Ggo said, It was the Suarez zone of this.
So it was proven to have prove him, as the Uruguay scored the title title in Athounce last week, he said was scored the last day to score against the last day for them.
This is the second time in 17 years in another team from Barcelona or Real Madrid have wined the league, Real Madrid Athlets still to win the other under 2014 2014.
A game started the game, said the game was top table since December, and they took two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna, said.
But the thh did not easy for Athcron this season, as they have a 10 points on February, and the point of the point to reduce 2 in May May, and they did not rely on a table in Real Madrid and put on Real Madrid.
So it was not surprised to have to face Valladolid which was still faces in the table, is still still to success.
A lot of located around Valladolid had been arrested for Valladolid Plaza to sing song song, and many of the stadium where they left out of the stadium where it was to cause.
The killing of Gulak has been killed.
Many people were killed on the sun in aday as they were killed.
Ahmed advisers, before a former adviser of Goodluck Jonathan on politics, was top of sponsored guns by people.
Gulak was arrested for Obiangwu in Obiangwu as he was trying to enter a airport in Owerri, the capital of Owerri, the capital of Imo State, he said.
That was on a struck with a funeral of the politicians who were in Adamawa, came into a national mosque in Abuja, after one burryry in Gduduia around 8pm.
Police Command for Imo State said he was killed at least six of the Peoples killed by the All Progressives Congress (APC), after the All Progressives Congress (APC) after they fight.
A statement by Police Public Relation Officer, Bala Elkanaa, said on 30, 2021, as the police operatives received a call call to the police operatives had killed Ahmed Gulak, was forced to be killed by police, including Police Station (MP), Intking the LGA of the state of the command.
DI instruction has given the team of the team to be arrested by the thing to face justice.
The arrest was said to have been killed by Gulaks, was killed by the Imo police.
According to the people, especially the driver of the mototoing, Gulak was described by an airport, described the executive terrorists, have described the untotototo-to-tokedededed the terrorists.
It was said to beotaota Camry, which was a model, which was silverers, with the jry people, with 19inananaeld and golden legs.
Toyota Hus paint, a white white and one of the Lexus paint, which was Sirusdius paint.
(D) not putting registration, because of security) matter
According to him, the kind of people were killed by the motorists, and the attack out of the attacks, they asked the attack out of the way.
With some kind of the team, the team came to kill the killer.
Another at the suspect was arrested in the suspected suspect, in Anoh-Mbaise local government areas.
It is as the jauses people are dusactable for the inions that are confantated for them.
It was onion to full in the closeer that from Northern Nigeria.
As the police, the people, the executives people were protected by fellow terrorists, shooting guns to polic.
Thebusiness and one have been ready for battle.
police officer also returned with guns and shot too.
The sixish terrorists have been killed by the killing, and four other other members of the group made serious injury.
They have been able out of the four other mototo-tooned Gulak.
Three rlele, a pistol, five-47 A. magazines, 92ination of lives, criminally charms, and criminal abuses were kept from them.
The terrorist was identified as a member of the IPOB and ESSN which was baned by IPOB.
The driver who drives late Ahmed Gulak, and the victim identified the dedi body of the IPOB/NNNNN: was attacking, according to attack on the motorists and the same trucks.
During the face to face with the jile Peoples, two armored persons and two armed persons were able to take the guns, but they didn't finish.
The video which should be made after the attacking attack the attacks showed that Gulaks â€œllusphus, and a shirt on its own as he abandoned by the car.
Gulak was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary by the Uzododing Uzzodin as one who represented the party.
It was even said to close the governor, he was moved to the state, was visiting the state.
Why is it in Owerri.
According to him, Gulak was visited out of Owerriweldos since Udins entered into public hearing the public hearing of constitution that would be taken to the city of the city.
According to the committee, Gulak was sitting, Gulak was a saty back when other members of the committee was the city in Friday.
Speaking with Senator Orjizor, Uororor a chairman in the public hearing in Owerri, said the public hearing in Owerri, the deceased who offered the deceased who refused to be his owndon, but he refused.
According to the person, Kalu team is to leave the city of the public hearing, but Gulak was stayed back, he said to do things to do in the city.
The source said went down the day of Owerri, which webliked learnt, and we asked it to join us in private song, we had enough security, with using security.
But he said he has some to do in the city.
Nigeria has knocked to FG, and other politics of the killing.
Nigerians have been in any social media has been put up to the purposes of the polical and polical leader over the killing of the killing.
A resident, who spoke at the Facebook link to the story, was published by Daily Trust, as he said the death of Gulak was established, the deaths of Gulaks in politics.
The killing of my mouthwel.
It is that it was politics of them to do and the people, we should open their faces.
The operatives were killed in the security challenges in Imo State.
It was invited, and why would be killed at northerner in Imo State.
I am fear for what would do innocents in some days in the hand of the security people, which he wrote.
Another comment on the thread of the three-read, Olur Trials, Omoal Omo, said the police killing of political killing, the killing was supposed to investigate him.
It is why police people have a question tons of question tower.
In his own part, Comrr Lamido writes that the soul of innocent people are important to Unity at Unity at Unity at the scamiija.
We don't agree with this illeracy, enof-of, and peacemakers.
but they do that pushs us to meet towns are able to continue to continue with the peace.
I was sent to a warning, went to retaliate and will be killed.
Buhari has failed to be woe, and we face the Imo police people to follow the jry people.
In auwawa also writes up to the biggest people in the north, herders, herders held with innocent Fulani, herders, were turned to the northern government, including politicians.
The secretary, who was secretary in the IPOB, was not supporting government, said to support the statements of the IPOB to be murdered by Gulak Eaching them to kill the agenda of the agenda.
So we speak that the IPOB was not aware about the kill of the killed.
To appealing with Gulak was taken to the threat of our mission where we have been killed.
We don't have any from him and we have been killed.
To be pointed on the IPOB for disccccting act is to change attention from the real people.
It was the same way to be a terrorist of the security uniform in the south of the southeast, and they will come to the IPOB, and they would come to the crime of our reputation.
It is a opate that has been looking for long to take another military to start another military operation in the Eastern operation to take more innocent people.
Instead of them should be done for proper investigateing the incident and thimgs have caused by the incident of the IPOB.
Do IPOB has the informed the movement of the movement of the late Gulak to stop on the airport?
The group should be announced by the first suspects, which Gulak was hosted, Uzzdin, and his political opponent, he said.
Do Gulak was killed.
Presdo, Muhammadu Buhari has said the people of Gulak and other problems in the obodo and other challenges went to scotdo.
The statement, Buhari, in a statement by a statement, Garba, Garba Shehu, has expressed significant and disgusted over the prevailing murder.
The president, who has showed that the incident made it sad, said: I am repuded by the gruesome murder of Gulak which was pre-medited by hoodlums, who has been demineeeeing peace in our country, which it has been able to the able our country.
I should also warned that nobody or those who are able to do so, despicable that despicable go to free.
We are going to see that people who have to seen this kind of calities and criminally face justice.
Akerhi said the killing of Gulaks were unacceptable.
Governor Governor in Ondo state, Olwaiimim, described the news of the killing as the killing of the killing.
In a statement signed by the Governor of his murder, he said this is one often murder, many of them are senseless and wicked.
The people who do this bad thing is a enemy of the country.
The corner-cororneror is a way to mislead, drug and destroyed.
He has the unmist, despicable, despicable his latehs of fifthets are set on the country on the country on the path of confgration.
This is not the criminal to succeed.
We are going to use this to tell our brother, Governor of Imo State Commissioners Uzorin that we are with him.
We urged other Governor and the Southnn in the Eastern states to brace up, to take end the security problem to end bloodlana.
The enemy of the people are always used to weapons of the fear to create thisaffection.
The road is to act instent Nigeria to face each other, within each other, makes the faceers in Igbo South East.
We must face the enemy of the people, we must see that went out to hand.
This is not time to argue that a lot of politics is quite cost.
We should not be allowed to guarantee the legitimacy of this government for all levels.
We are calling on all security to see that they are seen to see the criminalities of sponsoring the criminals, and those who are doing.
They must be punished.
Fintiri's monurn
The Governor of Adamawa State, however, is Umar Ahmadu Fintiri's Fintiri's disclosed that the way he was killed, he was a former member in Adamawa State.
Governor Governor Fintiri's death, how much people have been able to take wicked.
Governor Governor Fintiri's spokesperson, within anty, thanked and others, who are practical, who takes us, is the results of his rise, he said.
It is unfortunate that the deaths have been able from us.
Ahmed Ahmed Gulak in day.
Gulak was a kind of lively political to follow everything, and he is always the interest of the country in his mind.
As he is remembered his interaction with Gulak, Governor Ahmadu Umar Fintiri's brother said and his brothers were being, and seeking it is the righter, it is human to fight.
Madagali community has a better son.
For in a statement by his Chief Phief Press Hunshi Wwaya bean released for Yola, the governor said we have been loss of a strong loss in the country.
We all remember how to fight in the people, whose insurgencys have led to the house, and people who don't have a means.
ACFmed the killing
Arew Consultative Forum (F) has been conmed by the killing of Gulaks, said it was a lot of loss in the country.
The ACF in a statement by the national publicity secretary, Emmanuel Emmanuel Yawe, said the killing was sadd to hear the killing of Gulak, who described as one others, as well as others.
If you are like, or you don't like it, there is your business.
God wants to bless, and give his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to take the loss of the loss.
The killing was part of the plans to take investigation to take coup in 1966 CG.
The coalition of Norther Groups (NNG) has described the killing of northern guns before a former advisers to former political advisers to investigate the Goodluck Jonathan, some of the country, and the attacking of the South in Nigeria.
The CNg in a statement in a statement by Abdul-Azekz Suleimaniman who said the reasons should be part of the country as part of the country could not live with where one of the Indigenous People of the Indigenous Indigenous People of Biafra (NG) and other society.
West was hoped to be over-four have been allowed to guarantee how they lost.
West was hoped to reach-four have been suspended because they did not play out against War to go into European league in Sunday.
The goal was arrested by Lagos-suewin scored in the 24th minute of their game to win Westhamed to win Westhamed to win a mouth that they had been scored in the afternoon.
The closest reached Westhams to equalize Vladmir Comal Cofons to shot shooting bars and Jerren bars cannot hit him back into the post.
People who support the Vice-elect Omi Osini Osinjother they are still backing him as he is given to the CBN in the election.
Osinjoin a statement said he does not want to be presidents.
Vice-elect Osin Obajo said all the small president in 2023 President Election (INEC) is aimed by Presidential Election).
To say, there is no confirmed the town that Ossajojoin President is post on the land.
Others, Vice-elect said by Vice-elect said theelect are not interested by President-elect for his interest in Monday.
The Vice-elect have put their eyes on Website body.
supporting Nigeria is called to be called for Nigerias people to use various groups to support Prof.
Details of the website and how has been begging full and has been on the fact that the fact that the fact is on Osbaba has declares interest in the 2023 elections.
The vice president of office dont have any busts with the group or the website, are feel that the whole thing is not necessary.
Speaking with Presidentbajo said he has not to be a president in the 2023 elections, he is focusing on the current administration to face a matter of serious matter to the country.
The statement said, We should be asked to stop all the challenges, to face the challenges of the Nigerian people as well as Nigeria, to do well as to do well as to do our land.
Ndidi have Ndidi have made Nigeria due to Leicester City in Leicester City which they were playing the country, according to the country, as it is the FA Cup to win FA Cup.
NFF has congratulated Ndidi in the FA Cup for the FA Cup in Leicester City.
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NF)
Mr Amavinvin Pinnick, sends me to mesass use Super Eagles Prince Midfield and Wildfred Ndidi and Kele Greene in Leicester win win win win against the city.
FA Cup final in England.
The two of them were marching at Wembley and celebrated after the marches with Nigeria flags as the list of the other seven Plamers that led to the England Cup.
I am happy at Ndidi and Iheanacho.
They have been superb to Leicester City throughout the campaign and both the campaigns and their team should be done.
I have believed that this won't work as a high morale in the friends and marched to play this summer and the FIFA World Cup to start in September.
I am happy with the Nigeria Flagging two of them celebrated when they completed.
That is awesome.
Ndidi and came to the second pair of Nigerian FA Cup in England, which he won the FA Cup for England, then Nwakwok and Johntwos in Ports to win against Port 2008 in 2008.
Before that time, Daniel Aachiachi had wont win on 1995; Celestine Babayaya in Chelsea in Chelsea year, 2021 at Arsenal in 2012, cassava and Mikel for 2007.
After Kanu, 2008 win in 2008, Ihel Obil Obil Ltd, for Chelsea in 2009, and 2012, Iw Trust in June 2017, Victor Swnes in 2017, including so far in 2018.
When I was on the Federal Government of Enugu the early 70s, I was training to transport from the Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokovics warm up at Roland Gars with Italy title
Novak, Djokovicovic has completed his good-up with success in the Rolandlands when he beats Sl Alex, 6-3 6-4 on Saturday-3 on the final of the Federal tournament on the tournament of its tournament.
This is the second event in the city over a month of a month that is not the fans, which is nobodyed to Serbedia Open in April April, the stadium which would happen.
Djoin, who has said he had been played in front, Belgrade Editors who lost the semifinals in Sbia Open, according to him, he said.
The herders-farmerbs of Nigeria has been turning a lot of news now.
To end Nigeria-farmers: The Livestock equipment
Nigerias state and state government is struggling to implement one National Livestock/formation to control cattle movement throughoutout the country to turn and farmers farmers to turn a farmer.
Many state government has endorsed him, but it is a problem.
Politically, the leadership of his purpose, perception about his purpose,tccurts, which increases the COVID-19 pandemic, has not been in the work of the COVID-19 pandemic, and insecurity that are blocked.
If the plan failed as the other plans to modernise management, the farmer and herders fight.
It is the Economic Council for January, the plan is to represent the efforts of the effort to examine the livestock system that is not well.
The main part of the strategy is to control where they can be held, they can reduce the fight to farmers between herders and farmers.
The movement has a hope that after 10 years,herders who are here and mainly to put up their mainly to put their cattle in ranches and sacked public in public within public farms, where others livestock production and other to management to produce the produce the produce.
By the time at 2028 the authority would have been to build a points to have a 119 ranch for all the state ranches, such as two million to create two millions of jobs in the livestock production, processing and market.
President Muhammadu Buhari administration has been able to make a plan after a period of herders and farmers fight, while the fightrlarly affecting the fight and he is affected by 2018.
The Federal Government has a mind to drop money like 80 percent of the Transformation of the Transformation proposal, which is involved in the first thing to be involved, which include the first thing to include them to support for the state, prepared and started to be able to started to be able to be able field.
Many States have reacted reacting to grazze sacked, which they are open up to office, also set up to steer the committees to manage the plan.
The authority has been done to work and others who are working with the benefits of the benefit of livestock production.
As two years have left the 10-year-year-year-year-year-old plan, they have not built any ranches and their ranches many people.
The opposition of herders, however, was from the Fulani people, and it is still more, without the farmers who wanted to enjoy the pastolist them, including the benefit of the plan of the skills.
This isn't many in the Middle governor, which was fight between farmers and herders so many of landaking, even though the landaking and efforts have been reduceding since 2018.
Shortage is the federal and state government budgets, with a part of the economy because of the pandemic, and the country has a major experts to take the manage, which has to manage the manage and grazz and grae grainining and graor.
In many states, especially in the North-West, the way the gangs and group of criminal criminally growing in order to access access to grazing through grazing reserves.
Unless they do something about it, this is a problem and other ones that can be delayed or make the plan of the country, which it will help the fight between farmers and herders to turn away from ethnic region, which could be turned into and by political regions.
To tackle this issue, it is important for the Federal and authority to hand hand hand, with authority and investors.
First, Abuja and other states very support for its political leaders, which should be grown in order to increase their opposition with public opposition, so they can be allowed to ensure that people of the plan
This is a common number of farmers in the country, which they should be made to change their life, which amaicly life was able tournnies, which is no doubt about the promise of the right plan.
But many farmers are fearful that their land will be lost in land.
Many people in the middle Belt and other states in the South-ter was still deploying the country, which was seen as opportunity for herders and the Fulani people.
Witing the support from Abuja and other partners, state governments must find people to know, which is technically aspect of thimgs, especially there will be the manageing thing to manage the manage the dairy meat and farming meat.
Lets the State and government also increase their budgets, released the funds and create financial transparency to ensure financial nationwide to ensure everything is accounting for, there are working in works, with investors.
It is important to deal with with those insecurities in rural area, to curb his rehity and to relitate the fight towards communities in the states who participate in the state.
Auorororeities will be considered a matter, to change herders from other countries or also benefited from the country to benefit from the
As some of this step will take time, the people who plan is focused on how to bring a result, which can be able to see how people who can see a lot of time.
No two years from now, the country will hold a general elections.
If the plans will survive the government of government, Politians need to bring clear that it is clear that it can be a proof of (CCinin is certain, the presidents may not be served as two governor can have compete.
By the time, the cannabis in the elections have been shot in the end of 2022, the people should be able to show some of the plan of the ranches or to build, to their lives of professional items, to investors.
Noth in this thing is easy but the plans is worth the effort.
No one is that, but it brings a important chance to change, to Nigerias livestock system with both herders-sles and ethnic farmers to address what farmers
About 70 percent people are working at Nigerias money from Agriculture.
Tons modernise the Livestock sector will boost the country and in the same time, it is a big way to solve one of Nigerias dangerous to be dangerous.
According to the time to the 2023 election, both federal and state leaders need to be quick to see what they will be done, or someone is to create these kinds of opportunity to guarantee this moment of opportunity.
This is an executive of the report on the National Livestockstock Transformation (TP) and how to work fast, and how to work fast fast, International Crisissis.
The very problem, which I had with the king.
or you dont agree?
They are responsible for most of foods in food production and crop production.
Speaking with farmers, the smallholders have been consuming the majority of their farm outputs that they are not back to participate very activelyly in commercial system by which a variety-trained by a varieties of agriculturt.
no energy for me nobody for me.
I have gone.
This is brought to me that everything is the evil.
It has been characterised this system, especially within a risk-pines.
A farm has been able, there are no longer under traditing or informal tenure, and it is a margral environment.
There is a lower and farmers have been able to increase the capacity.
We spoke with a life and prosperity in this day.
waya your aza
The emphasis on agricultural productivity and enhancement, enhancement and commercialising farming as an enterprise.
iabi everythimg.
Akosos and his friends sit-at, he said.
The yield yield has a smallholder farmers to be profitable.
You are going.
these challenges have led to a lot of smallholder farmers, to keep livelihood-risk and lower-amping agricultural activities.
You are what?
I am going to the road to buy food and I am going to buy food.
I should call my father.
As developing countries is growing larger, richer, and more urban, the intentenifications of agricultural production will happen to happen in agricultural value chain.
A far, what is very suping to be made.
This development is pushing the competitive advantage from Mr.
It is important to find solution to the problem.
This requires an intergrated approach of seeds.
The loan has been engaging him neck.
This is a problem.
I was sent to process where I was working in work.
The water has brought the whole farm.
farmers had to battle for 2020.
In many farmers and other stakeholders in the agro-sectors, the year 2020 would be remained as one of the history of the history of Nigeria because it is a new space of the history because it is a newholderholderholderholder farmers who go.
Many challenges have confronted the agricultural sector from the issues in the issues, climate climate change, and the compltures from the global-19 pandemic, which has learnt from the COVID-19 pandemic, which bringing pain and transformion players to agricultural players.
first, the COVID-19 lockdown and restrictions strike in the time dry season farmers should harvest their crops and wet season cultivation.
Many farmers cannot go their farms while others who are able to harvesters since their farms were huge challenge to me, and manuals that are the problem.
They have introduced restrictions to curb the spread in the coronavirus table against markets that have been disrupted the rural economy.
Many farmers cannot sell their produce to buy seed and fertiliser and fertiliser, labourers/tractor services.
Even when they lifted the lockdown in the agricultural sector, the price of fertiliser has become a lot of smallholderholders.
In some areas, the price has been rise to N13,000 bags of Adokuddo and Noland.
NPK-15 which rise to N25,000 rise in the federal government when the federal government is under N10-10-10-10-10-10 which should sell a presidential initiative for farmers for N50 per cent are available in the price of N7,000 and that is N7-15.
A farmer, who was Zamfara, Katsina, southern the parts of them, some parts of the vbibko, bandits, bandits and that only access to access their farms but the men was also killed in their farms.
It was razed by many farming communities.
Three people and they were demand
Many people pay large sum of money or surrendered around their harvests in the bandits.
Many village in those states have been dedications.
The agric sector has witnessed one of the worst disasters when one of the worst disaster on 450,000 per hectares, rice and maize fields over N3 billions of rice fields in N5.
Many of the farmers are affected, yet to make their livelihoods were destroyed by their livelihoods.
The rain has been gone since the 2012, having having always of most of Nigeria's flag-mal and flood-pral areas being killeded away from the farmlands.
So, as the flood is brought up for farmers in the North, it is drought in the drought, a drought that is confronting farmers.
In two months, farmers have no joy but as their crop investments in their crop with away.
This is noise.
Another subsector that the thing hit any poultry and feeds.
The scarcity of maize in the starting has caused to increase prices.
It has also forced to be poultry in Nigeria to send our soul to the federal government to the federal government for urgenttention.
The federal government has responded in the appeal and released metric tons of maize from the nations strategic slae in addition to farmers in addition to grant some of the big players to grant the big market about 222 metric tons of maize metric tonnes in the industrys.
However, this is just a short-term solution because three months have comes into the scarcity of soyatruck, it is the scarcity of the farmers to express their fear by the farmers that will shut down the industry, 2021, the industry will shut down.
The scarcity of serious crisis in the industry as high recorded prices high recorded in its history as it is a rise from N55,000 to February N5.
The poultry industry has lost an estimates that N7 million jobs with figures in the project to 10 million by janary activities in 2021 where the loss is conservative; it is about N1.5 trillion.
When the poultry farmers are struggling with the challenges in the sector, the daunting crop despite the daunting challenges in 2020, the sector in the 2020 year, had taken up their right to their farms into their farms.
This is the first time that the prices of grain failed down in the harvest time, as it is feared for hunger and loomed to be a call for the border, which will enable them to reen the border, which will allow the countrys portion of the country.
The name of the Lord is tower.
Another youths will benefit from the NALDA's farm estate in Ebonyi
The National Agricultural Land Development Agency (NNALDA) has said the agency would engage at least 3,000 youths in Ebonyi State in Ebonyi State in Ebonyi state.
The intergrated farm has completed a complete and commissioned by October this year.
The executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, who announced this in Tuesday said the proposed farm estate to integrated farm farm estate in 10444 hectares of land.
Prince Ikonne, who was also Ebonyi State in a courtyy visit to the governor in Monday, Engr Umahi, said he was completed the intergised farm estate in October 2021.
This is the mandate for Mr President, said to reactiate and developing farms for new ones.
The Governor of Ebonyi State are eager.
He was total support of achieving the dreams.
So, Ebonyi have committed to work with the NALDA to engage the teeming youths into the full agricultural productivity.
We have seen that the governor has keyed into Mr Presidents agenda which is achieving food food in the country.
We are established by an intergrated farm estate in Ebonyi State as we do it in other states.
The scheme will be engaged with Nigeria and its attention to agriculture.
From Jude Owuaam Station (KiOwerri), Sadiq (Kadadade), Ojuola (AAkkure), Abdullateen Salau, Olaniyis, Oladdowu.
New Assembly in the Niger Republic have comes into the terrorists hands on crime which were committed to committ.
Niger Republic in the new Phdo Mobolaed Byumums has been put to hand in a barbaric acting after he entered into Friday in a country within two insurgency.
By the groups said the groups were killed many innocents, and that, he said, were really committing war.
He said the leaders of the groups came from other countries, they were attacking just as attacking Niger in nothing.
He said, The terrorist has become any vex without any country.
Byum, a 61-year-old old, was elected for two rounds in December and fureary.
The right of Mahamad Issoud Isoufoud, Deby, step down down by his two suspects after his two-veending veyaster at office.
So it was inguion, the first time to elect a elected leaders of the Niger in the history of over 60 years, which has become independence and the attacks from some of the attack from the attack.
Niger has suffered a insurgency close-ctcor to Al-qaaed or Islamia State (SSI), which is entered into the Uasoo, Mali and Soko Haram from Bokoam.
There are 300 people who have been killed in the attacks on the we started since the year.
The recent in the recent Madrid was killed as a member of the various members of the Tuare community, in the Tahououa, a big desert desert.
Byuming the efforts of Niger Reburicup under it under an investigateo will focus on Mali.
He said the current situation in Jos, had a direct impact on security in the country.
According to me, I have been linked to IS) based on Men and Gaoastern and in the central Mali and Bykoo said.
He said, I would be very difficult as a long time for Mali as a country has no full charged over the region.
In the early hours of Wednesday, after a gun was shooting nearly by the federal government, the government said the government has been forced to stop.
He described the act of a coward and regressive and reressiveiveer to treat democracy and the law.
The four others in the country that has suffered, the one of West Africa suffered, the recent happening in 2016, and he said.
Goglele said to be said.
Goglele has been taken to the threat to African in the country, as the country has told them to share in the country without gaining people.
Australiad to introduce the law of its first of his sgleles to Googlele companies, Facebook, and other techs to pay newss for the content to bring.
But the firm in the US has warned that they can fight into the country.
presidente Minister in Australia, that Scott Morison said lamakers will not listen to any threat.
Although Africa is not one of the biggest places in Googleles them to take market markets, this codeing for a proposed global tests of government to take res of the government.
This code for Australias Google and Facebook, to negotiate with publishers over the worth of the space if they cannot reach the agreement on the begin.
The Managing Director of Googles in the Europe, Melva Silva told a Senate on Friday that the law would work.
She said if there is a lot of versions of the code to become law, Googleles no matter to leave them to go out to the Australia.
But lawmakers, he said, he was black and
It will be a place in the world.
Shet goes for every market, you will say?
Senator Rex asked shey to stop the pre-cedence to make the pre-cence?
Sila told that the code is a code of a tenable operation in the Europe.
Morison said he was committed to be committed to the law in this year.
I should say: It is the National Australia to rule what you can do in Australia.
We are in our parliament we are doing that, as it took news on Friday.
Why is Africa to push for this law?
Gogle it is the dominant searching for Europe, and the government has described as essentially the government is not really aware of any competitions market.
The government has been that the tech-kos naira has a customers to read, among people to pay news, amounted to news news on the amounting to news at the reurnalism.
In addition, they argued that the financial support was necessary or its newsmen brought news news newss industrys strongly to democracy.
According to the Government to the Government, printed media in Africa has suffered 75 per cent of money since 2005.
It was reported that Goegles said that they would remove them to the entire port is tough.
The lawmakers said news was only accounting for 1,500 per cent of the searching for Googleleles in Australia.
Poultry farmers have said to begin imported imports drug maize and soya meal.
Dr. Olalekanns of the South Secretary in West West West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN) has called on government to facilitating the government ass of the PAN) and soyaya bean meal.
Oduns said the importation can save the poultry business from collapse.
He said the importation of feeds and feed maize to sustain the over 500 million, broilers, 1 million and other classers until 1 millions of poultry until next harvest.
He also urged government for the main time, to allow them to export soya bean and soya bean meals.
He appealed to the region to be able effort for the production of maize in the production of rice production.
Oduns puts mouth maize farmers, soya bean farmers and the ones of Nigeria to take collabo to work.
He said if government did not intervene, not intervene, and his prices of maize and soyad by another million poultry jobs if not do not do anything about it, he said.
Today, it is a 210,000/MT to sell maize in the state in South West West South, has been 240,000.
As the two item took the price, the price of poultry feeds just in the N2 pers from N3000 to N20 to N20 to N20 to N20 to N550 to N5.
In December, most farmer, there can be sellders of the cost of production of production have passed to the ordinary production of Nigeria.
At the event, there is an average thing to buy the price; the price is around 1,300.
So we really need government to save the remaining million jobs in the poultry value chain in the poultry value chain in the economy.
According to him, he said
The APC has been able to support Buharis APC.
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has been suspended by the member of the Repative crescent by representing constituency in Jigawa state, Jigawa State, in Jigawa state, Gjibafa six months.
In addition, one forms have been able to probe seven members to probe the allegations of insurnuming member within the member, including a ten days.
Is Danded the committee, which Sanusaure, Kaure, Kaure.
In the lawmaker, the lawmaker, the proscribed chair in the local government, claims that it should be decided to suspend Gjijijijiji, which was conuredud by Yzan and local government started him.
Our correspondent reported that the lawmaker had been accused because he was accused that he was accused of the governor, saying the governor would change the candidate to collaboration with the People of the proscribed Open and council.
Serena has been cruise over Pigatoto-ar in Parma Wta.
Serena Williams were brushed aside the challenge of local teenagers in the opening round of the Wigatotos in the opening round of the WFCT.
Williams who are not in the world is beat Pigato-2 ranked as her 57-2 to her WTATA-3, 6-3, in the first meeting in the two of the two of them.
How the North-Centrals will be oimimimize open grazing from the APC leader.
According to the open grazing have been taken by public, the Southern governor, which had hit him in ban with Asaba, the president Em Farmers Association of Asaba in Asaba, the president Em Association of Nigeria (NNEEs), All Progressives Congress (C) and Police (C).
Recently, the governor in Southern state state, Delta State, and Delta State, and they ban open grazing to cut grazing crisis including including other forms of criminality.
What is your takes on the controversy that generates this decision?
every human being a right for action and opinions.
But the most important thing you have to take your own action, you should know consequences.
You can also consider the advantages and this advantage.
I didn't do one of those who said he't speak or a bad.
As a Nigerian, it is a right and lity to live in anywith in the country with good faith and enjoy the freedom of association.
In this basis, I did not tell you that you't good thing.
But as a leader in the North, I will say a good thing, especially in the North Central zone, as the central zone of economic benefits for us and the nation.
The ban is a advantage to us.
We need to tap into it and see how we can make it really venture and to money from him.
According to us, we have a landmasmass of the herder, yet to accommodate the herders, the herder troops from the Southn South.
What is a open grazing position about?
I am not one of the people whose open grazing.
I believed more in ranching, because I am doing.
I believe when we begin to do ranching, it will work out for us.
Let the governors in the Central Central programme to the national programme on ranching.
This is able to make good Central the Central the cattle workers, where there can be buy as cattle and some products.
It will be a means of economic empowerment, in the central people.
We have the land over the southern states.
See in Kogi, Niger, Kwara State, including other states.
We have given the herder house, and ranches at our own advantage.
The challenges in the Fulani herders, herders, was not to adopt ranching.
The problem is that they dont interested in the top advantage of the advantage.
They are notmadic.
As you have, they need for education to accept ranching.
We can also adopt the area of Kenya, which is almost our cattle, but you can also see open grazing, as cattle.
This is the southern governor,he said.
The governor has not showed that where they are not in this regard.
They are not calling for ranching or to the federal government to put mouths.
What the herder is said, the herder people have become a problem in using problem, and should be allowed.
He said farmers should be addressed in land, saying her landing was a personal business.
But I have asked people to apply to the land like herders?
As one of the spokesperson in youth, especially in agriculture and value chain, why did some government policies, what is really work, what is the way out?
First, there is no other administration has been able to touch the lives of individual as one of President Muhammadu Buhari, you can sit on your house without any challenge and apply to it.
Also speaking, some facility in the COVID-19 loan has been called.
Many Nigeria has been intercepted by the loan for thousands of naira from from without satating without satating offices.
Also, with them have expanded some of the SMEs like the Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOA) and the BOA).
The challenges we have, we have two sides, which you do not believe and that you will not believe.
So in doing that has no believe in the administration of Buharis administration't benefit.
But in us, there is no believe in Buhari, and we are benefited, and thanked God.
Kidppers have been killed, to be killed at the Nasarawa.
Kidppers have been killed by Adamu, and Adamu, were taken to 13-Abakafa-AbakUmaish road in Tototoisha Local Government Area of Nasarawa State.
Daily Trust gathered that he was shooting at three times in hisbhdom and his dieen around 9pm at the university at the universitypm manageing Hospital where it was shooting for Awoah.
Another driver, Sai Sai Saidu said Ibrahim Conidu said it was 5pm on tues days when the incident happened, while the kidnappers came into the bush in the end to elagin four village from Uyyaya.
According to him, the kidnappers lay the vehicle and shot guns for guns for guns by Ugyaji.
He said the kidnappers have been the vehicles after the vehicle driver, they had control control the bush.
They were able to include a woman who has not been able to go into the bush while they pointed to them.
In fact, you can drive behind the four mototo, God told me to carry me on a person of the village.
According to him, I heard that guns were shooting guns, I am turned back.
In addition, Opyeye of Opandaamaish, His Royal Majesty (H), Ahmed Usman Abdullahi, said there was some bandits who remained in the area of kidnapping for travel, some farmers and some farmers in the area.
It was said that some drugs of the community was still done and appealing to the community and federal government to collaborate the federal government to take flush out relevant.
As contacted, the spokesperson in the Nasarawa State command, ASP Ramo Nadhanels, he said he was yet to telling him about the latest incident, he said during the incident, he said during the Divisional Local Government Area of Police Area, and during Local Government.
They have arrested a way to Lagos Lagos State.
The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of one Victor Ebatatating of his way to drive a way in Four Points, On Lagos State.
It was said that Ebataten and caused animal injury for the ASP Ehator Sunday at Fourhels, With Lagos, Lagos, Lagos.
This is in a statement that Lagos Police Command spokesman CSP Adejobi, whose CSPiwa Adejobi, put on hand.
He said the command thnpe that the command should be set the record of the record-aughtrering concern.
The incident was recorded in the video which in an social media came to viral on Saturday.
He said two men were on the ASP Erator Sunday, who was dutyed on Sunday, was created by dutying scene at the road on road, Lagos State.
Adejobi said the prime suspect, Victor, Victor police, has entered into the State Department of Pantal Department, in investigation and as well.
He said the command have been able to arrest the persin to arrest the issue as Eosososa.
Gbajabiamila has been Gunnerd as Ayade take defeect as PDP urged members to stay.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Femi Babafemi, has showed that it is happy as the Governor of Eleyele, Prof. Ayade, Prof. Adeyade, took defeeeting the All Progressives Congress (APC), he said.
Gbajabiamila was in a statement on Thursday whose Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, Lasisiisi, said the Ayade showed that APC should be beat by the party to beat the country.
The Speaker said the Rivers State governor had took the ort decision and decisions and has showed a better example of them to follow.
He said the ruling party is now open in all, he called Nigerians to move the APC to move the APC to the country.
The Speaker said the APC would continue to continue and fair to all members.
Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), when they reacted to the defett of Adede defecte, urged members to stay through Rivers State.
In in a statment of the party, Kola Ologbondiyan, put up a critical stakeholders on all a critical stakeholders and teeming stakeholders in Riverss and teeming member of our party in Rivers State to ensure that the party is pulled out of our party.
The PDP wished Governor Ayade well in his new political markets as well as his future endeavours.
The foren National Assembly wants to be over to the fight against relevant to the fight against Buhari.
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in Wednesday 19th
May 2021 in the House of Representatives and Tuesday.
March 2021, in the Senate made history when the Chartered Institute, the Chartered Institute of Inenensical and Instiative Professional Professional Professional Nigeria (SBB.
791 after read it was read in the Third Times in both both Chambers (SFF), &AEF RPEEP).
This act is a statement of the patriotis and direct response to the National Assembly, who took targeting targeting, including strengthening and rescvis with nationals across the fight against the fight against government, government has been able to enter our country.
According to this bill, the 9th Assembly under the distinguished and able leadership of His Excellency, Senator Ibrahim Lawans, PhD, CDs RNON and Rbam has shown that it has showed that a legislative head of the 1999 Constitution as the Republic came into the constitution.
And this also attested to the fact that the National Assembly has made the performance to the performance of members with other arms in the fight against corruption.
It is happy with the deep sense of gratitude, that I writes this, which has been putting together as a platform to keep Nigerians and indeed the whole world to let the world know what the Charteredens of the solution in Nigerias and other national crimes in Nigeria's are bringing communities.
After the Senate in the Senate, and often views, Le-camekisising, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, we are ready and resilient, the able leadership of its leadership under Rtyyy.
Femi Gidado, the Hon.
The brother also followed what he was done and was on Wednesday on Wednesday 19th May, 2021.
As you have learnt, during the Chartered Institute of Fors Institute of Forsics and Inenensalaligative Professional Professional Professional Professionals (CFIP) has been said among the bill in the National Assembly.
The sad thing is that people should be put up to the fight against government in Nigeria's attack, has turned the bill to turn the common bill in common ”s.
Gud a good thing, it does not have to have as a bad thing, not.
No matter as it takes a long, good will always prevail over bads just as the lights are infneted and unnetion of unnequemable.
It is important for us to see how to happen in the National Assembly.
It is interested that, the Chartered Institute of Inensics and Internaligative Professionals of Nigeria (CIF) through 2021), 2021 is the first passing it into the Senate through the first law in March 2021, which it will not be allowed to be a dig down the processes from which affairs from 2nding solution.
It is very important for public to know that (CIFIP) not just any body but a new body is not a newbleble but a new body to target the ports has been targeted for the gaps in the space.
Today, the I am to have a standard body to reenens of the practices of Nigeria in its peak and to Nigeria to make a few-go body to the anti-go body who intends to scage this step.
This bills that National Assembly has demonstrated that they are demonstrated that the need for patriotic and the need to strengthen national efforts against corruption, which has been blocked for all national lives.
This is a good step in in legislation; the two Chamber of the National Assembly, was historic and historic sgic, it is at a time at a time to welfels.
That would be given a good way for its anti-corruption as the spate of criminal and governments goes across the globe.
As we know, crime have entered another level as another level and technology has improve on 21st century.
Therefore, as the bill is here and it happened in a good time, including a better time, including flexible and respive legislation that is the thing to happen in the world, which they held in the world, which will meet with the bills.
Let us also say the journey within the bill in order to turn the bill in turning law since the 8th National Assembly, where the National Assembly where this National Ibrahim where there is the ongoing CDC.
For a better understand, when we introduced our bill in the twoth scored during the 8th Assembly, they do the public hearing every public along without everyone.
Thereafter, and on the crop has been identified by the Institute of Chaterterure of Nigeria (IF)) led by the National Assembly, the National Assembly, within the bill and takes of its belief in the country against corruption.
Afterward, the bill given the ” Presdo, to put up to hand, but it is not handed before the 8th Assembly in June 2019.
This is on this stygnbed the bill abck in the 9th National Assembly, this is the Diseuting Senatorial Yahaya, in the current Leader of the Senate, as it took important.
We have pushed to make this clarification in order to order to clear the air on the cheapness of using people that the 8th Assembly has revealed that the bill.
Also, we should say the fact that our bill has been in abother bill them just about both the Senate and the House of Representatives and Houses and House of Repative Chambers.
This bills, as we have failed toutize with them, we discovered that it is just as a sense of our bill in our bill.
It should be learnt that the bill was not introduced to any of the bill in 8th Assembly, only our bills.
As such, we are the first to carry a bill like this (Foreicsic).
As we have seen that it is very urgent to establish the Institute of agricultural Institute.
They took the decision to establish the Institute of the Institute after studying the Institute of the Institute, and how they had taken to help crime crime, and investigation and prosecution.
It is a part of our Institute to know our Institute that has been since 2009.
And over the years, and the years, we have trained professional Nigerians to know sensic science, targeted at in in eculampe skills for the requisite areas in the pragric areas of oil and management to management, with:
They can take inenens analysis of self-state issues, whether voices fraud; voiceness; rapprinital analysis; digitalenens; digital investigation; digital scenes of oils and social scenes of democracy.
You will speak to me that in the obo world that we are today today today, the normal way to investigate crime, and stop it's old.
As such, we should be able to do somethimg for the matter of this matter, it is Sumounted that we are going to follow global and news, they putting the grounds to take corruption.
This is kind of way we took to establish this Institute, which is one of the relevant to the anti-cruption agenda of this administration.
There is no one of me to say about everything in the bill here here.
However, I want to make me to allow me to mention a few of what to do, in the purpose of this is, as it
We should be established in Chartered Institute of Inensics and Instigative Professional in Nigeria, to develop and train professional in collaboration with this field, with their professional and system, which would be give
To provide a platform to train and re-trainers of people who are still to be professionals on the use of Inenenensic information and Technology can be used to investigate both fraud in the economy, as well as they do the economy.
To promote a high professional standards, itics and ethic techniques that are the, in the, in a bid to cut fraudu and corruption dul corruption, as well as well-chanchanmeism in develop.
To take the huge vacuum in our normal system in our investigations that weution of a unique investigation with the introduction of a unique operation inenen science to help the country from the country from the foreign exchange exchange to hire and their foreigns in Nigeria to do so.
To develop-based me-based mechanism and training programmes to cut across all investigations, in our correspondents, invving professional professionals as Cinvyers, Cyers, Cinstcics, subsparnurs, Eadion Court, Eadion Officer and Reile Court
This will be enhanced in effectiveposition of these cases as they take it on it globally; and.
To take anti-fraud mechanism in Nigeria through the provision of a legal framework of professional development and discipline for professional development inenens and investigating professionals in Nigeria, among others.
From the foregoing President, he has showed that the role of this Institute, strategicc and important.
It is also important to say foreen scienceics are very wide and wide and more than many others, it requires effective and efficient regulation to sustain and sustain professional level and its high standard.
The absconds of the scope and use of the Institute, includes the Institute, but not only forensic totenens; there is no investigation; for for foreicicsicics or digital oils; digensicsics or digenialensicates.
According to him, we will agree that our Institute has unique concepts of crime and investigation on international practices.
The concept of my people were taken tokk very thing about our bills, due to narrow-miningness and in miningness to monate and to monise monolise a lot of system, which has been passed to monolised and operation.
On a light at a light, I wanted to draw the attention of everythimg to play up, which is now playing out of now, and as a matter of fact, it should be a source of concern for all better source of people.
When the Chartered Institute of Forens of Forsics and Instigative Professionals of Nigeria through the 8th National Assembly, the Institute of Nigeria, the Institute of Nigeria (IFF), which has been accused out of able to have, according to have been blming Institute.
However, they have took our bill again again in this 9th National Assembly, and we have seen the overwhelming legislatives and accelerated legislative support to the two Chambers of our bill, I have given us, and say that we have been able to beyond the practice as we have been able to grounded as we have been able to goed by the field, we have gone.
One can ask, what has happened between now and the past, where I was the viewed to any Institute of the research Institute of practices inenen science ?
Your answer is the same thing with my own.
I was also like you informed that the Association of National Account of Nigeria (ANAN), also part of this is part of this episisisising.
According to him, a initiated and promoted by ANAN. Just as I was also introduced by a policy in the House of House of Representatives for Repative the same structure with the same structures of Research Institute of Ctntuders and promote Nigeria to initiate Nigeria.
I decided to say all the fact to have Nigerias people to understand the extent in international community to which some people can make them to achieve their aimed for them.
However this development has not an disturbed us at all, because we believe in the National Assembly and ability of the National Assembly and also in the Presidency to take the right thing, they won any way in any way, within any way of the whole is yet to do.
I am & I was the best and antagonist for this bill and we have seen the reasons.
There are severally engages bystanders to write a bad petition, they were even the leadership in the Senate, and sounded blecks.
According to them, the Senate, the antagonist shift attention to the House of Representatives with the same crpative by the same publications as well as many publications.
and again.
Ordaily according to a legislative procedure, Senate in its needs only concururr by the House but when the House is osveration.
But in the case of the CIFIP After, the people fight against him until 19 to win it in the day of May 19, 2021, which House of House of House of House of House of Representatives, 2021, 2021, and Inpicicicicgped Agriculturalfyance (Hygin Nigerias All
I won't register in the House of Respative crpatives that were crpativedatives (NPEEE), & RPIF), O's 2008 IF.
The new recently IsAn't have contained a provision to take practices inens, including university, including university in Nigeria, without established no matter, without it could not practice foreeeeeeeeics and attained some years.
This is wanting to be at the end of a country in the country.
But, who made me apiion that Nigeria is not the Banana Republic.
No matter, the level of coruption is.
We have been a challenge as House of Representatives.
We should note that, as we are not challenge to the bill; but there is no matter, but that the purpose of the bill is to stop because the bills as presidential under the disguises has been addressed.
We are not going to deceive us and Nigeria with the people.
You will remember how I IAnn'll take off the CIFIP and in a pubedbebedbed by sponsoring of the Association of professional professionals by Nigeria (Chief.
Oluyiwa Ahi on 24th May, May 2019 to tell us the law to enable us to do it to do it inen &Isicsss to do up to do with the CNFFicate them just as it is just as the present law made for the present law made a new law.
The question is, what has changed?
The same law I ASP I asked the public onens he has to be seekens to seek reenenspenism, he said.
As always, we are not interested in any group that include in the proposedal law, which it requires a body should be the lawed to perpetuate.
I ASP and cohorts has realised inability to stop the passenger of CIFIP.
So they want to have a union for themselves.
It is checks and balances of fears, they don't wanted to ensure another professional activities because they are doing the economy.
How is they wanted to investigate themselves by their case?
This is sound-wel.
On this regard, we are called on the National Assembly to beware of the group of the group, which is not talking from both sides, they should be expected to be expecting it to use it, National Assembly.
Once again, we want to appreciate the 9th Assembly to put to ensure that they are passing the north, Nigeria administration has been ready to fight corruption by all means that they will also encourage them to help.
We have been aware of his Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari has not been able to put back to hand in the table as it entered into the table.
We are calling to Nigeria to take part in Forens, Professicicics.
The profession is open to all professional people in different areas.
The Institute has training sections of the sections to guide and equip you.
I wanted to thank all you, and also said that we are being committed to stand with its stands as it takes the way to do so, as it is against our professional services, including local services, which we wanted to be give us to us and to the matter.
I wanted to be able to have a Nigerian people to support thisble course, and to look for us to finish all efforts, so that we can finish finish together, many security challenges over the country and other in the country within it.
DrMrs) Enape Anishishetu, PhD, Pro-hDy, Pro-ste-NIP) (NNF) which.
Air peace has done tests within a new flights Aircrafted by E19-2.
Air Peace has appealed to test flights for two new Embra 195-E% as they are prepared to begin to begin.
Daily Trust reports that the two air varieties are the first set among the 13-Ecrafted by the airline to buy the airline to him.
A resident in the airline, Connley Olisa Olisa, told news news on Fridays aircrafts from Lagos, Abuja and Port, Abuja to Port Harcourt.
Olisa he given a test to other flight to continue to continue, and added that it would not take a long plan the plan to start the commence flight and they would be a better number of customers.
He said.
The brands new E19-2% are the third air to enter a third soon, saying the reasons they had expanded their commitment to expand the commitment to take the bustt of the poor people.
As they are able to do the regulators must must have to do before they put the aircrafts in regular operation.
We can remember remember that Air Peace kollt the two brands the two brand-tratramomomobiscus Embraa located with 12-2 per cent of January and this year, as theynt tollm more than 11.
Tela Maize harvest has a potential tons of 8 tons in a hectare.
In the Tuesday, the Institute of Agricultural Research Institute of Agricultural Research (IAR), Ahmadu Bello University, invited relevant stakeholders, including journalist, including the Tela Variet of the Teliet of the Tela Cons Akion (AF), National Research Foundation).
There are the names of the maize varieties of TELAAs in LaOM.
This is a problem, it has a protection against pests and the breeder in its breeding.
Professor Rabiu Adamu, Senppalcis Inigat, including other scientists round the project, said the ideas of the project is to produce maize varieties to produce maize varieties.
This is all about the producing crops that are high yielding under stressed; the consequences are suspended, stem borers and stem borers, which are major to-traints to maize production to produce so far as well as well as well as well as the Army's farmers have a lot of maize.
If it is not control, if it can cause loss in 80 percent, drought, drought if you don't management, you can get any yield.
This is the third time, which has done this trial.
It is under dry season in the first order to do the first trial, during the rainy season, we do another from June.
This is the third trial for November.
The Poweral researcher said, It is what they should be addressed.
As the three Chief trial has been successfully, people who need to test and validate them to show them that they are recorded in the research stationed in their research station in the field stations and it would beyond it in the period of the rainy day.
According to the time to 2022, if all things are works, Nigerian farmers will expect all these hybrids to be addressed.
Dr. Muhyideen Aekunle, a maize breeder under this project, said from the two trial was done by the transgenic varieties of 17 varieties that have been recorded over the Beldels even though it has been infested.
We have infest the varieties of trial for trial for trial to take the previously look at the BTTTTTTTTTTTTre to take effective in the maize product.
With the outcome, researcher has said the yield yield to increase 17 percent.
So after, we will be anlyerze the data, and we should be prepared, to take approval for environmental release.
We are submitted to do the National Biosafety Management Agency (NBMA) and to review it.
Once they gave us that this product, we can't face outside.
and then we can get national trial.
The Director General/Cah of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA), Professor Abdullahi, called on the event, in the scientist called on the event, to continue to search for biotic and biotic solution to the country.
We have tested some technology to capable of providing solution to farmers, which are face advantages, and moved to advantage, as he said.
Dr Maxet Gidado, who is the Country Coordinator OF Mohammed Nigeria, said the impact would be a welwel.
Farmers are yielding by 17 percent and you know that are productivity and harvest and harvesting farming in farming.
Once you have done, you have a lot of harvest and profits.
She said, The time of maize would be ready to enter a farmer, to enter increased livelihood, and money, including the price of maize to come down.
Manchester United fight back to take Aston Villa.
Manchester United fight is a back to Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League on Sunday asnoer Feres Feresson Greenwood, Masonvani and Mason scored second to take second half to put the
The resulted in United of 70 points from inside the 10 games, 10 games in City which is played one game and missing the chance to win the title on Saturday after Chelsea beat Chelsea in 2-1 home.
Bytrer Traeee puore Villau ahead of 24th minute with a brilliant strike from 15 minutes after some weak weak weak after the visitors, they dismissed the hospitals, as the visitors in a half half.
Fererandes in 52 minutes with the penaty, was sending the golie for Villalie, Emilodihh, which the right way within the spot within the spot, takes it a huge challenge from Ezzzzzz farmer.
Grenwood turned the match on his four minutes with a minimum shot on the turned from the penalty area after his top top top top top centre back off the centre, Mspedics.
Edinson Cavani who is as well as the United to win the goal with its goal in the 87 minute.
After the story in Trust, Daily Trust, NCCCC had a ban and use of mobile phone boosting a mobile phone booster.
The Nigerian Communications (NCC) has been ban on the sale of the sales and use of GMS network boosters (SMSMs) especially by mobile banks, among others, among others.
The Commission are given the 14-day Pre-Cfitfiture on Tuesday, signed by the Director Public Public Affairs, who said.
He said the warned the effects to carry on Tuesday and as it was on the EFCC, the EFCC, said it would take action against action against people whose understanding.
This happens to be less than a month than on Daily Trust on April 24, 2021, which people do business in Sabon Gari market in Kano including other business areas in Kano including the booster of the huge settlements in the
Some of the traders, said the service did not good as teleication service providers for much to improve on service to improve on the conduct of service.
According to them, many traders and customers are engageing in digital and financial transaction (in-based cashless services, including other-based tele-based ttures and they still called for the poor.
In inside the noticed, NCCCC said as they sell, installing and installing GSmm boosters are illegal.
At the report, NCCCC) said they were doing duty to protect consumers, to protect consumers, to ensure good service and mainly technically quality service of education, enabling Mmantmans, and enabling for the provision of the provision of the Nigerian 131kg of the Nigerian Communications (NCA.
That can be acted to lead the sanction of money/plus/plus/dlus, or the two-fines as well as they seized any equipment to enhance the illegal network of enhancement.
LG polls: started over over over as they took candidate in APC
Some member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State have lost protest against how the party took some candidate in some local government areas ahead of the local government government in July 24 local government elections in the state.
To beyond the party has announced that the party would adopt consensus candidate in some local government areas, and they will be conducting directly or banking primary to disrupt the candidate.
The protesters were held by the secretariat of Nigeria Union of Nigeria (NU), in Ogun State, some leaders of the APC in Abeokuta in Abeokuta, LGA of APC in Abeokuta, LGA of the post.
There are plass that many things have been writeed by many things we have been able to Bags.
Abeokuta in Abeokuta and South
According to the Part of the Parti of the Parti to pick who was preferred, said.
One of the party led to the protest, Bununun Oloun Ololade, said the Goves to Goves in the matter the matter to save the matter, the matter to save democracy.
Beween DSS and people who wanted to her region.
As DSS have puts a place in the group and others, they cang aggggg and thisthgrrigious environment and threatening coerous environment and threatening the common majority of the majority of the country, which has been forced to be allowed.
The Questions have been well-led or which persons and group are the security agent on various heats of various heats in the heatortivehetorts of the nations geo-ethnic agitation.
Afenifere, Aave Consultative Forum (ACAC), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) sacks Forum (NEF) Ken Delta Forum (PAN).
It comes into all of us that this is the group of people who continue to drive incis, uncoting, uncoed, uncoed statement and acted to take countries against their political and trial to put on the head of the DÃsting as the DSSs of the cast.
Interestingly, in the major suspect was in the exploitation of some faultation of some faultation was to take it ethigious violence in some parts of the country can be part of the country distances from the subgation of the subibdive issues and subolary activities.
The same conviction was said the same conviction that the DSS are responsible for the people, only benefited by the principles that are accused and accused out.
Daily Trust reports that the people who are responsible for the acting in the act, but they could not be deployed because of the there is nobody to connect from PNN said to abscond about many people AC that should be able to be ?
Since the DSS knows, they know and they are going to take action, to take action with them.
The NEF person who is not convinced that if the people are pushing the country to push the deep-up and know they are treated to treat the law.
You dont need to know to know what the DSS is know about this flagss of geo-ethnic politics in Nigeria or to understand why they understand why they know why they know they know that they want to be in the rode down the buckol.
The truth is that there is a lot of ethnic politics without any solution to the problem than than than being enmeated by the sectional sections of the country as the Cvevevees of the country, noting the country as the country.
They are desperate and unscrupulous to keep upsate ambitions that they are agitating a agitate and agitated to break Nigeria.
Sibition-powered games inxal of their geographical consciousness to reduce it to Churinging the UNtisising the strategies of their enmeours with their enmesves within the fring of their quarters of the electedrists.
To put it a simple, to break up or out of Nigerian political political parties as a ultimate panatory opportunity to achieve in artory opportunity to achieve ambitions of people or group that generates the majority of the majority-zoooooodence in closeer to eing coerist, it is significanter to be easy.
All these group is a major blocking to attainmentments of unity and to live together in peace in Nigeria as Nigeria has been labour for independence since independence.
In long as they continued to continue to the political, the political as ethnic champions, it would be in Nigerias regard to the Nigeria as it is regarded to an ethnic stake in the population, to the population, to the claim or failed to be decutrunud, and that has failed to him.
Whenever they met, the agenda is not in Nigeria't progress and developing, unless the leadership is handlessly, other firmly are all about all about, it it is the barestlingling to deploy the Nigerians of the Nigerian umbe-negin the Nigeriansum in the economy.
Whether it is a AC, Ohanaeze Phan, PANDAND or Northern Elders, they will celebrate the existence of Nigeria and peace in Nigeria, peace and development.
Another incment that we cannot deny for this regional separist, saying all of them was selled by political pressures by political pressures of various ethnic groups.
From the membership, Eaching to see that the consitist of ex-thistis.
Ironic, this defiture has given the political defials to come together, desperately electronic representative in democratic system which elected representative in democratic political partys without established executive oil and dispensable constitutions of democracy.
It is only a nuising the value chain that the geo-ethnic groups have been set in our democratic set, which it continues to continue with misils, black, black and subcesards that have been able to make the attempts.
This is why yountques have been able to cause security!
Wites these predor-ptictictictics were left to goridund the perter of power without of power in the government and destroyed generated because of the government is quite because they are not able to be able to be able to be able to be able to beyondyondyyyyyyyyond the interestyyyyyond the terrorists, it, the terrorists
This is doubled the dangerous situation of the Buhari administration as they have to handle such as to handle such enemies inmidable allegations on national prices of nationals in the time within the economy.
To that extent, only two groups of politicians can be participate in the positive minds with democratic dispensation in the country where they have partnered in the country against all the country against it bringd all who brings this negatively and takes in the which the country to the country.
By what they are said, and what we are doing, we knows!
At the end of the day, the majority of Nigerias people are ordinary citizens to be destroyed by citizens or depending on where they come from.
They should be every day to make a living submission to the will of God even even as they were in different faith.
Nigeria is a father ofland that has been able to put, and they are loyal, they are on praying, bkotko that they don't know that they don't have no longer called on the country, they can show how a breed.
According to the Afenifere, Aave Chief Consultative Forum (F), Ohaneze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEFEF) and sacks Forum (PAN) and PanEFPAN) has been able to put on unable activities in the divisive movement and to put on another citizen.
The prayer who remained poor man:
GODY, Gen
NIGEGEGE SO!
Mano Reuben is a youths in Lokoja.
10 terrorists as a terrorist to attack army formation.
Troops in the Nigerian Army, on Saturday, netting less than 10ral terrorists were not to attack attack the Boko Haram terrorists to attacks with Kai Ran in Kain, who is a Nange Local Government Area of Kanu Local Government Area of the state.
This is now now when it is not more than 24 hours that the Chief of Army Staff, Maj.
Farou Yahaya as leader of Nigerian Army
The Nigerian Army, Brig.
Mohammed Yeri, in a statement, in a statement, explained the terrorists, which a number of guns were put on a guns and attempt to infil the mainly and attempt to the town.
Our troops said, The troops was in highly spirit of the spirit to take the move and put the moves to defeat which to defeat the terrorists were killed by killed.
The troops were seen to runawa the terrorists and to ensure that there is no threat to diseases.
Troops were destroyed by one of them successfully and they were able to include weapons one anti-irtion-led guns, two gun guns and eight-47-47-Kgrise as their terrorists were engaged in the process.
Daily Trust reports that the Chief of Gen.
Second U.Shannelman has tested positive test to take COVID-19 after the Capitol challenges.
Pmila Jaalap, U.S. U.S. House of Representatives, said she contacted the Coronavirus (COVID-19) has been relocated to the same room with some lawmakers in the same problem.
I am just the COVID-19 testing that after they were secured down to the Capitol where the Capitol Republic had not moved into the wicked but a wicked was not accessed to wear mask but during their colleagues and legacy who offered a recorded on her post.
Early in Monday, U.S. Congress Congress (Swomannied Wkisiisi) said she was contracted with COVID-19 per cent of time during the time during the pandemic in the Capitol in 6.
Jayapped, member of the Democraticism accused the lawmakers from the Republic to COVID-19ananel and caused to COVID-19 spreading assets.
Any member who refused to wear mask a mask; it will be able to be able to put our life because it is the dangerous because it is one another.
I was called on every member who refused to wear a Capitol for the Capitol and asked Sergeant of Armed Arms from the floor, she said.
It is not clear if the two Governors were in the same room during the lockdown in the Capitol.
Our Uin was not happy as U.S. Presdo, Donald Trump failed to contain the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S. and vow that she would do everythimg to him from office.
They have been arring man over 30 years over the woman in Edo.
The police has arraigned a Gabriis Fidelis which was 30 years before Ogawas, Cagistrates magistrates allegedly alleged that he was allegedly allegedly alleged that he had been on the Benineum.
The man was accused of three charges in a laful allegations, unlaful assault and ethnic caused under 55, 35, 355, and 451 of criminally code.
The prosecutor St. Ky. Kyyaree I met the court that the accused others to run the offence in April 11, in April 11, along alongside Estate, along Benin.
She told the court that the accused court, with others, who absconded one Recazekigie unlabigil by unlatigiry by hitting and her.
She added that the accuseds of iron roding her rods to break her leg.
She further told the court that at March 31, 2021, the accused belief and highly shooting places handing armants and owned by the thing is N8,000.
The accused he did not agree as Mrs.
According to him, Chief Chief Magistratesiru bail in the accused of N100,000 with one who stands for N100,000 with one who would stand it on him.
He said the spokesperson with him must bring two-backs to the recent passport and that of ourselves,he said.
He gave that the court to resras to the inform the informing the informed them to supply and place the sure that he was lived in May 10 to hear at the case to hear May 10.
Why is the Assembly cannot its Oyo in Oyo.
The Senator representing Oyo North Senatorial District of the National Assembly, Buhari has not seen the National Assembly to take its reason to take its President Muhammadu Buhari.
While this said when he paid Salah to former Sah visits in Oyo State, he said he was Lado, he said he was to process his process.
Senator Buhari submissions came to one day after Senator YusufAPC (APC) and Cahired in the committee on Senate committee said to leave the presidents Buhari would end insecurity in the country.
Such is called to say President Buharis resigns or resigning its insecurity as the country.
But Senator Buhari told the people that the country should be able to break a lot of problem, not to solve it.
He had processed the process of its president.
Let us be call to say the president to give a better reason for its presidents to do it.
We have not seen a reasing to take his his president.
If we are now, we must discuss it, and the two houses must come together.
According to him, the president is not what one of the one who would be the day and started, he said.
It has a procedure.
Why can you have a causen problem, which you cannot solve this ?
So he asked.
On the security problems in the country, the lawmaker said, We have not another country.
Nigeria is our country and home.
Let we try to do internal security.
Let us play our own part; we do not want to leave the government alone.
We must put local police to know all the places of them.
No matter how it is, we know each other.
In the earlys, we were traveling for niy.
But in the level that is now, somethimg about.
He said the 9th National Assembly discussed security, has discussed 100 times.
We are discussed by the security issued at the 8 times in the 8th Assembly, and this is also discussed by 50 times.
Let us be a vigil, even if even when changes more times, it still to solve the security problem, as the senator said.
However, the CBN has supported the CBN to put on aex market on imports of dairy.
The Commercial Ranchers Association of Nigeria (SAN), Nigeria) has showed supporting the restrictions in the foreign exchange of foreign exchange for dairy products.
Remember that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circular which is now now now in a year ago on a company which they had been trying to take imports from foreign exchange and dairy product.
But during a visit to the government of the CBN recently, the Director of the Director-General of the World Trade Party (WWU), Dr Ngozizizi Okonjo, said, the European Union (EEEU) against Nigeria against Nigeria.
In in a statement that Diani Akingya bean, which is the COR, Nigeria is the potential to take harvest harvest dairy products including as well as provide for local production to provide jobs.
The CBN governor is able.
Indeed, Nigeria is the potential to meet, including the dairy requirement.
Our mainly say the milk grounds for news and processing is not nearly now, but it noted that since it is necessary, it is necessary, it is necessary, to put all the development of the local dairy sector.
According to him, a report that the CBN spoke in Nigeria is $1.5 billion every year to take import-5 dairy products, he said, The figure is increase in demand for the dairy products.
He was on issued as a poor productivity of local cattle fodder, cattle and animalment system management system, as not better organised to tackes to tact system, as they dont have not been able to finance, poor infrastructure, poor infrastructure, poor areas inadequate and storage.
However, he said the Advancing Local Local Local Local Development in Nigeria (ALDDN) is absconding at four states within four states in Adamawa states, Kano and Plateau had tackle the problem.
PDP frowned the APC claim to register in Lagos.
Deroaring as the All Progressives Congress (APC) has disclosed that it would register in Lagos and its members nationwide and revididation exercise.
Chaiman in the APC Super Divisionsory Committee in Lagos Muhammadu Muhammadu Bashiru, said on the closing of recommendations at the supervisor about $1 million million has suspended about 20 local government areas in the state.
But the Peoples Democraticratic (PDP), the leading opposition party, has described the figure as false and fake.
The PDP said APC has a lot of marketing figures to make people believe that they are popular.
The PDP, Taiof-of, Taiawa, in a chat with Daily Trust, described the APC as a party as a liarar said, the party is not a popular party,he said.
This is not the first time in the time, which there was no figure to be.
Even in the last elections, the total of the votes around 600,000.
He said the claim was to have been â€œI.
Our correspondents report that APC Babajide Sanwo-Olut win the governor-Oluted election in 2019, together while 580bn have 580bn in the President Muhammadu Buhari to vote in the presidential elections.
The state chairman of National Consic Parti (CPN), Weye Comrade Bayo, described the claim by the APC, has described the APC by the APC struck by the century.
But during the APC Seye Oladejo told our correspondent that the party would be proven that the party would have not been in the local government government elections.
Assange said hegraical points to promote diversification of economy
The Federal Government has said despi Geograicals Indications (GIs) will help in promoting diversification of the economy and also supports participation in the African economy.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono said this in the capacity work works on the capacity of GIs sector is on public sector sectormakers in Nigeria in Abuja.
That, who is the Deputy Director of Iggation and Cropin Development, Hajn Sugrara, noted that if the Minister of the initiative, will support the disbursement of the preservation, the bioditable threat to face the situation of the control of the law of the injury.
According to him, it can assist commercialiin the product of food culture and other cultures to enable foods to actors in the value chain to benefit from the commercial value chain, especially in rural area of youth, whose mainly involved in the production of the production of the production.
Therefore, this works in crucial moment when this administration is quite work everything to take up to take the constructions away from hydropbons by other sectors like agriculture, are like agriculture, goods etc.
This is a initiative that promote GIs will help to track the process of diversification for diversification of the economy and also support our participation in the African African Continalice and also also also.
Gut may cause to revive its economy in rural area as we have seen it in the case of some products they have been branded by such as rice, killed in the Osuni, etc.
It will also make us the do the documation of our Indigenous knowledge of our indigenous so that it is losing over time.
The current administration is ready to partner with all the stakeholders that are both relevant and foreign in the naturally bid to preserve the naturalments and biocultural ends in the country also exploited it to strengthen the resili of the economy, as well as to provide the economy as well as
First, the Minister of Satte Industry, Industry, Trade and Investment, Haijaggum, who spoke with her welce, said the works was introduced to some public sector and specifically training for Nigeria, which should be addressed to adopt a land policy of agriculturalties to adopt agriculture.
She said, We can avoid avoiding as the African Continent Bank Trade Trades (APC) came into effect, which is putting into effects, which is putting on a lot of decision that should be addressed.
President of Israel has been able to take new to take news.
President of Israel in the Israel has been prepared to look for for the politics of how to take taretaker after the government after the caretaker Prime Prime Minister Minister of Benjamin has not been concludive in the election.
According to Rilins office, the NafINEC, Naftalioral party of the Yminamin and former opposition leader of Yirairions of the Yespic (Fidididididtures are working in our morning.
The head of state was also invited by the other partys who represented in parliament to present the progress of the process to take forms of government.
This is the need for the EFCC for the Natan insurgents, we are right-withnger to form a government underinining statement.
This means that the campon of people, apponent to Netan insurgents has faces the end of the 71-year-year-year-year-year-old as he said.
Whether they will succeed, however, is still open.
New elections are not out as the questioned Israel in the political crisis.
Netan insurgents will remain as the interim government as time is going to be.
It has been in the office for 12 years yearslessly and was a destestestestests of the government in history.
It has been done for trial that he had rejected all the accused of all the accused by the accused him.
They are expecting to be Rilvinin Laids to opposition leaders to the government.
The party is a political centre; in the end of the match, has become a second-mice forces for the forthary election in two years.
Rilin can also give the mandate to the Ketetets.
In this case, each member of the parliament can be decided to find the support of the 61th members within the 120 days.
Ganduje has free 123 officers in his 403el-Fitr.
Govts of Kano Gandujes have grants freedom to 123 prison inmates across the state.
Ganduje who witnessed the release of Gorones from Goront Allseson on Thursday, said the gesture of the spirit of Eid-El celebrations.
He said, It was how much of them committed to be able to sign how they have showed the reformation for them, he said.
The governor said he decided to show the prison to tell the in the mate of the government for the state is existing and they are seen as they are in the state.
Ganduje said the gesture was to compliment of the Federal Government effort to further further reduce as a national prison in national prison.
He told the former inmate of them to change attitude to life and to pray for peace and stability in Nigeria.
The governor also given a 5,000 to each of the in the inmate for its free to take the where they are going to go.
Princes, the comproller of prison in Kano, Suleimaniman, thanked the governor that his free thousands of inspates since his office.
Suleiman was addv in the inmate that free should stay away from crime to avoid back to prison.
Ganduje visiteded amand home with children in Kano as part of its sal celebration of sah.
Korex breaks through Par clay
On the it, at Roland Garos, Sebaian Korda, who was 20-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-old break through Italiancoe, 6-4, 6-4, 6-4 in the first title in Pmaar.
Our son of former world
No one and Australian Open Winner WCPC, Korrazu has not been taken to the final of the event in Pmama, he never wonaecutive matches on clay.
Cechinae, who won all his three title on clay, came from Trust, and a 90 kilometres from Phma.
The held to the event in the first time, the first time was supported by the local boy.
Today I played a tough ppon and the no easy easy,he said.
It is also to be among him, but I was proud in my eyes.
and how I took it.
Despite his father from the Czek, Sebaian Korda, who was born, who decided to represent the US to represent.
The victory made it the first player from America to win clay clay as court tournaments since Jos in Italy.
This is some have been at my dreams, saying I am so as he added, he added that he would win his title as he would win a title as his name in January in January in January.
I am really say I would do it to do for Delray, and his break my heart.
What they did not need to wear public: Nega Nigeria's Memorialism.
By Bashir Ibrahim Hassan
Shes is a purcdence that, as a trouble in Kwara State recently, they were smelling to it at it in the National Assembly in the National Assembly in Abuja?
There is a deal in Ilorin, which was refused to have refused to take faith in the Muslim schools to wear the hijab of the school.
The solution in this predicament is on Saturday, These Discrius Discrihi (Probition, Prook).
RPP Bill, 2021, as they ridd up the Hijab through a section of media in Nigeria.
Both event is a spkk heat and arguments of its debate debate, at the bottom of every bottom, threatening to be necultural identity and reality of Nigeria.
The whole ideas can be used by Kwara of the prorietor of schooliety as the Muslim Muslim Muslim students were moved to wear nders to reduced to what they can not wear.
This is another major part of the RDP followed by the House of Representatives after the Repative crescent the denial of the denial and denial of opportunities.
We have a female in Nigeria are faced because of what they were wearing in public.
It is clear that the formerly breaching the human rights of the Muslims to take faith without discrimination; even discrimination; though the school can be achieved.
The latter are expected to be in the righter not in Muslim alone but also in the area of Christians where they reacted with discrimination because of the fuation of the fau with the fth of the f
To abscond from the arguments of Christianietor of faith in Kwara schools, easy to understand the body of the pragya bean appeals to other school to other schools if they should be kept.
The problem with many arguments.
First, to say by Muslim students of another place to rule the schoolless of the school on the little uniform to promote a very very very very littleness, which is promoters of our Memorial and breeding society.
Secondly,, the position should be asked: Is we can justify based on education on school on the major major major of the Christianarianitarian of the school?
Then, the third thing, the arguments will have been denied the difficulty the difficultyy the difficultying school in a child.
The in Abeokuta.
According to a school for children, people, within education is telling you, there is no interfger that it is not just a interfgeeeee but no longer.
Finally, the unristian faith by school by what we were called for what wetor by conurtization by conrating the same religious belief in the same schools.
The social cost this thing to have a society in society.
The Commissioner of Education, Kemos Adeunun, argued that when she spokes, the government is convinced that the government policy policy policy can enable them to wear Muslim schoolls to wear in the lead in sustainable schools and build its understanding.
In a country that guarantees freedom of religion, which the declaration of Human Right, the basic question: how to ask: how it is it to deny a child for a child to access from Nigeria to the basis on the basis for the basis?
That is a great concern because Nigeria is the Universal Declaration of Human Right on Human Right (H).
The UDOH insists that all human human and equal, they are coloured or coloured or religions no matter.
It contained 30 articles on right and freedom, including, among others, like the rifify the rhalal of life, free and privacy.
It includes social and social rights, like the right to get health to get health and education.
I saw on 18 and 26 of UHRo very relevant to consideration and consideration for consideration and quotation below:
We all have the freedom tokk ourselves or believe what they want, including religions.
We are right to change our belief or religions; any time and the right to practice our religions in public prrrr, or other people.
We must have a right to education.
Primary school should be free.
We should continue to continue as far as far as we have the wish.
In school we should be supposed to develop our talents, and to teach us how to respect every human human rights.
They should also teach us how we are to take on the people within their ethnicity, communities, or from countries.
Our parents have right to choose the school to go.
This is a kind of law that is the Commissioner of Muslim woman like Ilhan Omare the equality to sit on the House of Repative in the House of US and she is still wearing it.
Ilhane Abdullahi Omare Americans who served in the U.S. crescent for 5th congregation in Minnesota congregation since 2019.
The Deputy Chairman of the House of Repative crescent Committee on Finance, which representing a matter, representing anOba/Katcha/Konstituency in Niger State to sponsor the bill.
Saidu Musa.
The bill has been to address discriminatory conduct of discriminatory conduct, including discriminations on religion when it is given as it works and the terms of people.
It will be allowed to qualify and professional members, education, within employment and other sectors to be consumed by discriminate sector against persons, persons or based on religion or based.
When it is passed, the law will leave such as we saw in Kwara in a good, When it is passed, the law issued to see what we saw in Kwara capital.
It will also address the big behaviour of executives of the public and its prejudice in public and also enabled him to cover the sense of Kings.
Stakeholders have been dedicated by the law.
After all, it was only expanded and satate the provision of the Nigerian constitutions in the constitution and in the Nigerian constitution that went signed by above.
He spoke with a similar law in the country to tackle socialah and cultural practices that are harmful to the lawful practiced the lawful that Prohibits the law against the law and this law (PPPPP).
As inability to be addressed to the discrimination of any other faces, which are faces the inability of domestic violence including in the country.
One of us, who represented us in the legislative chambers, has been able to tackle all social loans to face our country.
They were addressing all socialness to say nobody is to say it is not the law to address every day, but they should be allowed to see.
According to him, there was a long in UDHR, and Relations to enforce it, the RDPP and other law that is not the grounded grounds and other lawful that bringing off the grounds to avertation.
According to him, the view of the views of critics, as far as the RDP Bill, there is nothing to put on the state to continue to put any domestics in the law.
It is not against Section 10 of the Constitution for the Constitution for Nigeria to support the Government of Federation or for State to adopt any religion as today.
To push the arguments, because the bill is called for a general public to respect the right of which is now wearing the Muslims webed to wear in public place in public place, it is to quencha.
In the final and analysis, it will be against our Memoricultural pres to deny any Nigerian or females are denied any religil freedom.
It is against, and basic equality, takes in the constitution and the legal document in Nigeria and the legal documents of Human Rgs.
According to him, there is a deciation on religions, like the RDPPP to be weldry bill.
That is from Abuja.
President in Niger Issoufoufoud has won N195bn leadership in Africa.
President of Niger, who was led to the Mahamamadoud Isoufououd of $5m (N190bn) in 2020.
Ibrahim price in African leadership
Isouffoufoud has served two years by presidents from 2011 to 2020.
It was Keed Byuming a formerazum interior minister to enter into the presidential election.
The committee given the prize is the leadership of the Niger President after he met the economy among the poor than the world in the world.
He said he has caused economy to grow a good commitment to regional stability and the constitution, with the constitution, and its championing in Africa.
Mr Isssouffoud is the nobody to be the Ibrahim Toze.
He has taken the prize by the price of the Nigeria.
I saw this award as heurnurmentages to continue to continue to continue to continue in order to promote democracy and to promote democracy and to promote democracy and better for the world, but the world in Africa and the world, he said.
People who won the prize before Ellzen Johnson Johnsons Sirle Limited), President Hleifike, Pozeibibibu Natibibia, President Ped (11, President Pedroire of N112us Caae (2008 and President of N5ana).
KEDED taskful tasks of the enforces and checks who checks by whopass me.
The suspects were managed to manage Kano Distribution Company (KECPC) have placed tasks to take electricity in electricity.
In a stement of Ibrahim Deby, was headed by the Corporate of Corporate Communication, KED; given the task has been given to the task to ensure that it has been established to enable one whose power to improve on Ke alongin the help to improve on the supply the supply.
The task is also checking of bypass ofpass ofpass, illegal connections, Governor of energy and other forms of sbbotage.
In this regard, anyone who saw them are seen, they are in any way, will deal with them as the law to take the law.
We are appealing to our customers to open eye; all in our intallation and to protect me me from welwels againststass.
We are assured all our customers that our initiative to give me me meterter, which we wanted to quench bill bill and give us the opportunity to pay for what they are still to pay on the statement.
I'BEDC which has been able to sell powerline.
The Ibadan, Distribution Agricultur Company (EDEDC) has warned using out against the high market under high-tension which to avoid badness.
On the Chief Oper Officer (SAN), Engr. Ayodele John John takes the charge against the back of the increasing trading activities that are unde-titing activities in which.
In addition, there is a capital of Osun State, rice, water blocks, carure industrys, NASCs, NASCs and small shops there are common things under the high-taged in the high-s and Rine and Rine road.
Mrs Ayodele has appealed with residents to take safety precautions, very important and counseled by high-ton-tleleles to move up to safe.
He also said the residents should be called to know that people who are not on lights and assure them of crew light in IBEDCEDCEDC.
He cautioned that persons of harassing IBEDCED staff when the law took duty on the law to stop stop, he said I would take it available options to seek all to seek legal options if they put on his subress, he said.
He said, It is also important that they should take other safety precaution, like to supervise children, to avoid important accidents, he said.
10 children have just just just over fire incidents in India.
An new children were died on Saturday in a press that happened in the state of the state, Iddedia, as they took the officials.
It is a new children in the unit that have been held by the fire break on Saturday in the Braaaary District in the Basharious of Hospital.
Seven young children were killed as smoke, and three dies of fire fire fire burns, Federal minister Rashshmape told reporter.
Nurdes and ward staff rescued seven babides.
The age of all the new children were from a few days to three months, as as Pntashaike Ues in health official in Byara said.
The government has ordered that the incident to probe into the incident and to do safety in unit which they take care of new pkiniking in the country.
However, the report has indicated that the fires of one of one of the cost of a lot of group in the inctors, as well.
The staff said many black black smoke for the ward quick , as the minister added.
They have been able toive legal requirement for post-mortem, and the children give them the family, as well as to go.
Tyyy of the victim, they will have compensation of 500,000 to the 6,8,81 dollars in each family.
Police has been able to sell newspapers because of the IPOB was reported on the IPOB.
Police has harassed the news of news and others in Abia in Abia State.
Daily Trust reports that the weekend was since the police from Aba Area of Aba Area of the Command of a dai and read it concerning concern for the Indigenous Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Residents were fear for Ama-Ogbo, in the commercial city when the commercial city place on Sunday.
A matter, who happened to him, said the residents ran into safety, was shooting, as police people were shooting, when they left to arrest people who sold it.
The suspects were accused to be held by the story by the sit-at-home ordered by the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Dr. Elen Ukoh, the matter of its eyes, appealed to the state government and Igbos leaders to call the police leaders to call for the police people to cause in the city.
The kind of people were put on police to me to be able to say anythimg to go from this country.
How does those who sell minister in Aba, in the monrd, in the morrd world
If you want to read a hard matter of the dai, shey to be allowed to read the same story on Facebook, the same story, was not on a statement, within others, including other people?
What kind of old issues are this?
They caused on Sunday as they were shooting and refused toise.
The whole neighborhood are always commissioned kidnappers.
It was also discovered that one of the vended and people often read, weued gathered in his machines.
How did the police to sell a newspaper fight?
What kind of problem can cause social media to cause 20 to 20.
He said: These are not normal.
A located Anoru, A resident, said almost all the Peoples sold in Aba.
They are empty in Tuesday.
We heard, as we heard on Saturday and Sunday, said the new to carry on the sit-at-mat-mho, which ordered the heroes of Biafra ?
The early political leaders in the South East, is reminded this reckless police officers that the proscribed IPOB, the better for them.
Does as the proscribed IPOB has been proscribed to Biafra?
We all are all Biafras.
On the 30th of May, the most Igbo Congress (WIC) held by zo conversations, went on the heroes that fall on the heroes of Biafra.
Why did police gotu, Zooom and other social media in the matter?
We all are able to come into the street and begin a very necessary advantage.
I wish the leader for Igboland to warned this reckless police officers to allow what to happen in Imo State to enter into Aba, because it will be against it is nobody.
When contacted, SP Ogboy, a Abia State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), denied the police Officer (PPRO), police and sold the police people who sold it.
GAMowned frowning the air faces are lamenteding poor areas.
Airfic Controllers (ATCic Managing), in Nigeria on Sunday came out often concern out thelaated equipment is a airport in the country with most airport in the country.
The ATCs under the National Air Director Traffic Association Association Association (NNNA) said the situation was due to air.
It was also said to have been the International Airport that in Kaduna tower't control air varieties, which can be helped toviic challenges.
Yomist Aomi is an President in NGAAA or a chat with news of the weekend, which it was watched by an airport in Kaduna airport, which is no matter tower, not only control.
He also said the other airports in the country had the equipment which is necessary to take a lot of challenges.
He explained that some airports were not even as a function of equipment.
Although Kaduna is not control tower.
What is the watches and there is a room (in fireamers), and nobody built his purpose for, and we have been called for the government to do somethimg.
We have Sokoto, if we entered into control, takes umbrella to sit on the control tower, and what happened some of the seed seeds they had attached towering the building term of the FAal building, while the FANAAM.
We are still going to follow ter the radio frequenquen, opposition here and there.
Calabar in the airport that can be airportd today, you can be said to work up to 80 per cent.
NAMA has employed and training new controls recently recently, but NATC said the nomba is low to meet the short of the short centre.
However, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airs Management Agency (NAAM), Casin Fola Fola Fuola Fuu, told Daily Trust that the claim was not true.
He said the federal government has been putting huge investments to improve and take advantages and take safe flights.
He said, It is a mere politics.
Government has spent much to take to improve on alleviation.
I didn't speak to this thing because I was MD in NAM.
If you want to hear the true story, my suggestion is always, asked, people who are street, at NAM.A, they don't have not to see you't seen this under this administration.
It is able to say people like this.
We have not not been the Calalie ThreeG3), this government has been put on two grounds, another two grounds.
Government has spent N1bn on mobile control tower.
Also at the safeisation of the safeer of thewering ongoing.
We have recotrutrucccal the ACAC (TU), Retroleum of Nigeria) system.
Others are supposed to fear.
It-merces in Nigeria: Legal framework, challenges
It's refers to the use of improvion technology, especially the internet, and market to buy, and markets goods to customers.
The indigenes have brought a fundamental plan to the economy which is not near each other because of briered ross investment and investments, within trade, distances and nationalregulation by local government.
It's fostering direct access to markets which is not nearly promote and commercial performance, including domestic activities between domestic companies and foreign companies to the extent that it would not be possible to know for the product from the product.
It-mercece has not been limited to buying of products; it includes it-mails, including other opposition platforms, includioning the service or offered net, in a pre-phase that supports and supports and support to the services.
The major belief that it has been in the fact that it is encouraged by encouraged system of a single world, which access to electronic means to take good and services to take goods from different parts of the world.
Most of the statue in the ground for nigeria is laging behind the development and growth of its growth and particular-mers in the whole and the whole.
In Nigeria, there is a legal research and studying and studying.
Many in the study of the legal opinion that the legal system in Nigeria is lag behind a lag behind entrepreneurship and the statutory law made enough to address some of the issue that it is not affected by the legally issued by the legally
This issue is including electronic evidences, APCs and economic production, with production,-pamental system and ineviting issues, including other ones.
Therefore, there is a need to bring out legally and regulators to take proper, to the governor which is just the regime.
They have said many times in Nigeria, in Nigeria, significant efforts to take re-comce-related a activities of the stages of Srafters before the National Assembly.
It is important to know that, despite this bill into law, Nigeria could still face new areas in this area to call a legislative intervention intervention.
Witce the out that the internet work on the commercial transaction in Nigeria, especially in the banking sector and communicated to the economy, the best of the economy, the legal issues that they maybe be confronted with the comce of the country to the country and that it should address the able interested the country.
To achieve these pressures to the National Assembly to take advantages as electronic bills as topronic priority into law into law.
During a time, our court made our giant to interprete the traditional law which was grounded in a gberal way to cutting the gap in order to the laws to cutting the laws to electronic transaction, particularly for the difference in the emerging of these information.
Indeed, there is no legislation that is the only means that electronic transaction and his predecessors can be legally legally legally.
The court may also also also recognised to electronic transaction in the absence of legislation or private contract of legislation.
As former Justice Bngham, he said: The common law are the hand of the same facility as the same law can be the need to make it it a largest of the general public principle, but to the general principle is not considering, but to apply the new result.
We are hoped that the government would adopt this act of Nigerianisms as the Supreme Court, Supreme Court, Supreme Court, there are involved in the area where there are inadequate to exist, gross grossly taking legally lateing challenges in local challenges.
This is to set a good pre-cence to ensure that it-comce consumer consumer money, to bring up to investor economic development and brings economic development in the country.
The issued at a contract in e-commerce has been documented and signature.
The provision of 4 pers of the statute of Frad, 1624 or Lagos State Law Law Law Reformed (Cactactact) and our various statualties were on real land, and that they should write to be write by which they cannot write to be suspended.
The question is that she's electronic sign-off-off is valid sign-off by itmailed or by emailing or by by which are?
Many of these issues were not in the UK, even in the UK although some decision is favoured to interpret electronic signatures.
So marks in it emails that it was satisfied by rude requirement of till and dueeeeance.
It's transaction that is not involved in a paper paper paper-des of magneticeticetical or this.
This is one has been the transaction to the given the transaction that is set for its permanently form and expressed place in typically and expressed words and figures in typically that are used to authenticate.
They can not be an transaction without that was alterout the face of the document.
According to him, the provision of this section of the sections of the region (3)3)), 2011, electronic acted by signature, which would be adequate requirement for those who take up to sign such as well as an electronic recorded to identify the record the recorded by the recorded person.
The provision of 7 articles of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law Law (NCI),NCIAL) model law in e-mercece 1996 was tried on this issue.
Therefore, in the purpose of establishing electof of electronic signatures.
To beword, identification, users can be named, etc.
He added that a bank can be announced that electronic signatures are in a evidences and provide evidences for evidenceer and incor it it it in electishate for election during it.
Also, other challenges affecting its affecting the comce include the formation of contracts.
The elements of better formation and includes, acceptation, consideration consideration, minds to enter into legalness.
The question is, in which can be points to offer with electronic business or now electronic transactions or now to treat different areas and offered by electronic transaction, at which can be given that to enter legally ?
It requires confidence and trust the satisfaction of the enabling order or Saoices not only to be any matter and come from it.
There is a need for the level of privacy/conacy/coficial information for information.
Lastly, the alarm is the alarming rate of domestic in Nigeria, including high level of illiterate.
No doubt that electronic transaction is that of commercial transaction in Nigeria and has come to stay this time.
Let the government to make a law to make a law, to take use use the electronic platform on commercial interactions and commercial interactions in service delivery delivery delivery of government.
You can be reached Abanandaness W10ola via twitter.
Chad has been new chartts as Deby.
Chad has been passed by Mahamat Idris Deby as President Deby, despite social mediaours the die.
Mahamat have taken over to take his father, Debys deby debysby killed this week.
The charter said the 37-year-year-old son to late warterterter, his nameal transition on Tuesday as it was quick on Tuesday after his father in the military council, he said.
The charter have respe the presing constitution and implemented as the basic law of the state, according to the tem of the temumingrs.
Deby was a younger as Debye headed in armed armed forces, as he said.
Deby son over the security of his father when he was headed by the elite presidential and he appeared along with his father.
The best they had to know Deby was top of the commanders in Chad which is helped in Chad which Uniteds peacepin in the restive restive north of neighbouring neighbouring north.
He signs a decee in Tuesday as he set out a military council for a general council, including his heart and those who knows that they are dead to late president.
The task has given the council is to move and enter into free andcracotic election with 18 months.
Deby was chaired in the military council, and the council, the couns of ministers, the counil of national committees, as well as the national defence of national defence, the charter.
The new state of the state is called on legislation that the 69 legislation of the national transition in the national transition, which represented a directly namely.
The Transition Council, who has 95 articles, also guarantee freedom of opinions to worship worship.
The transition is set by the government, which the new president would be named.
The charter has said all of all members of the army call to the transitional government from all militaryal work.
Law in Chad
According to him, he was killed, with a strong hand in the Ogun 30 years, he grew him to wound his Chad where he was fightd into the north group where the military announced as the military announced the military on Tuesday.
Pasting at the army army announced a curfew in 6pm and they were close to the border for the country, as the constitution is suspended the constitution and this National Assembly.
However, you, whose opposition were rejection by the army appointment of President Buhari's son to take over his son to take over his father.
Experts are said under the law in Chad, the brother of parliament should be kept power, Deby was dead, his son.
What the constitution said if the president is that if the presidents is dead, then the brother of the parliament would take charge of the country in the country until they will put in a transition place until Mibibaibeda held by Mjaeray capital, Mjadamen.
The military announced the military announced a statement by thissveve been the legislatives and the casinos this constitution, so they have been replaced by the constitution and that they were replaced by the constitution.
Chelsea can go out after the braw with Leicester.
Chelsea faces the points from the FAive team as they fail to control the team as they failed to control players, Mirror report.
In seven years, they have arrested the teams of Levon pponent to seven times.
The recent bllld in a match on Tuesday night marked the seven varieties with the Premier League teams.
The match was marked by the matching last week between Chelsea and Leicester players among both teams of both teams.
With the same kind of offence for the past, the FA Cup decided to be accused Chelsea.
Leicester also faces charges for the braw role by the braw players and coach as coach Koardes Reica Chilwells challenge.
In 2016, Chelsea also charged Chelsea indisciline that they warned to be appealing against the appeal againstst the rising in the part of the 375,000 in a sum-up during Tottenham.
If it affects, the point of them would affect them to the season very well as they entered into campaigns into four.
US Africom Nigeria?
Once, oversexs and over here.
That is the cryful and its opinions of many British Peoples in the thousands of Americans of GIss station in several military based based on the military based based during the Secon World War.
The gum-chewing, brad, hard-drking and womanising soldiers from Americas come into Americans and fight off pubdedey to fight room for the y of the very bad locals.
And this is the lead of America soldiers in the killing of the hundreds of American military based overseawas in London, Stuttgart in Japan, Stuttgart in Japan, 2018, Muliy and theciarkiy Nanany in Turkey.
This is why the most of them, like many Nigerians, is in virtual meeting with the Secretary of the United States of the United States of the United States, Antony Blinin, he said to report that the president of the United States would be considered to be considerable to considere in Africa.
We are going to say with this a call, Buharis President Buhari is to host in Nigeria to host Afriricom.
In the first place, it was due to breach of the President Buhari to do that meeting with the American Secretary of State.
They should do the meeting with Blinken Nigerian opposition, Geing numbers, Geoff, who comes to detailing the detailed president.
Yes, Americans are superpower, and all, but protocol is a procolll and sopired on every circum.
We understand Nigeria is a bigger internal challenge that it is the best efforts of the government and security establishments in the nation to take tackle it.
Terroristing insurgency in the North East banditry, kidnapping in the North West West farmers/hers clashers all over the country and was targeted over the country with law and other security personnel killed by other institutions in Nigeria as well as well as well as the state of the South East has joined the state.
But even at the call, the call to meet Afriricom on Nigerias siol when we consider against various issues and implication implications of this move to justify Nigeria.
Another nine of the commandng nine of the American military has been established that it was established to serve American strategic strategic interests around the world.
By them, and way of operation, these commands, particularly the ones in America Afri, they did not set up to set up to quality security and law to be involved in the issue of law.
It is only as such as a issue of the interests of Americaly for the area and in such situation, they dont mandated to yield mod to yield modiand and share the local security with the law that enforcement and the law.
If a set for Afrier up in Nigeria, it will be a police on his ownas to be allowed to access Nigerians to all categories and established the categories in the area of the terorororial across the control of Nigerian law and enforcement and law.
According to him, with America military is based on Americans, Afriricomers will be in disruptive-frice operations and it will source to act in the act of sfistage and destabilise hosting country.
In this particular case of Afriricomion, part of his immediate concept, the strategic influence of Nigeria is growing in Nigeria as Africa and we have successful peace in Africa as we are successfully enfement for using agricultural and seeking the world to keep our world.
The held before Afriercome the Africa Crisis Agency (ACACACACAC), the Cestnton of the Cntnton to take up up to take up the strategic interests in Africa.
The Secretary of State in the Cntonliy, the dour-faced chieftain attorney, War, was attorneyer, a group of African countries to sell the ideas to sell the ideas.
But because Nigeria is the target, he pointed him from hisineine.
Senegal, who was not far from tracking and Sierra Leone, should be the broadcast of the ACAC ACACACAC and even seen it is seen assistanceing as part of America human challenges, its targeting military and targeted to Nigeria.
There are mainly to undisguised to host the ideas to the ideas from France, which is seen to see the Americans to see the Americans area but it is trying to consider it.
In the review, which insuter of him, Military, Military, political institutions and political institutions and religious institutions comes to the American American sessions, the Americans and realised the need to be set up the need for other world to go and have the command.
Therefore, to follow the reccomation of experts who spoke with a form of all forms, and security establishments in America and security establishments in Americans, the Bushored by the Brifor without widely mandate in Nigeria but the strategicdcable to keep the strategic within the strategics.
US as US Central Command (USCOM), the Middle East and Asia, so it is to be the Afririer in Africa, as it is based based on Florian Command, Europeanan (EEEEEEEC), in Stuttgart and Southern East (NEEIIIIX) based on Europe.
The presence of French military has been arrested as Nigeria has been in Niger, Camun, Chad and Benin.
The Americans have also been crture in Niger.
To say Afrierer to produce in Nigeria will amount to a complete caps of our caps of our strategis to both strategics and America.
According to him, our strategic interests including profiles in Africa is always following the in France and the in France to host Afriri in Nigeria, to host the same thing should be allowed to enable cages.
Not in the insecurity cah without the country, our armed forces cannot cope without a armed forces.
This is a after the military forced eventually comes and Seirra against army against armed insurgents, which is well-renched and organised in the country from the country from a long-guicicic supply of the phoggins of the Fuzant soldiers to Kant soldier.
It is regretable that the Nigerian military, has falling from high standard of standard, they are struggling to cope with the activities of non-state actors internal growth.
But intringically and internationally, the military for Nigeria still the capacity and capability to defeat this nation to defeat this nations security if they get the right of the leadership, providing security as well as well.
We need all are all as representing and coopation that the Americas can be given us to give us.
But as they have held us at a host Afririer with our cirumumums in view of his views intecentent and implication to our strategic, our soil, in our soil.
Despite the challenge, Plateau metric to the target of metric tons of Irish potato.
In Nigeria, the state, Plateau State is not a group that Is market to produce it in nine local government areas in nine local government areas of the state.
The Pota Vin Chain Such of the African Bank of the African Bank Bank (ABDDB) has been Plateau State as Plateau state of the country in the country within the country like Chad, Niger, Niger and other largests supply of Nigeria.
The larger pota production in the Plateau State, according to PotatoP, leading for a source of global potate in global potatototototo-old industry, has not been the big large than subsamed in Africa.
However, a farmer said, there was no good and bad roads, including the cost of fertiliser as the cost of fertiliser and other farming input to continue to continue as major revenue in the nations and export.
Others have been able to yield yield and loss in harvesting to the potato value chain like disease and bactert, including poor seeds, including poors.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State are among the tenest state in Nigeria as well-old state rate.
However, the state has a comparative a comparative boosting economic activities by improving the competitive activities of the competitive potness of the poter commodity value chain.
The project in the Potato Chain Support Project, Thomas Muopshi Muopshi, said despite the viibities of the tubers across nine local government areas in Plateau, Nashi, Nako and LGA the Chinas of the LGA of the LGA of the
It is also produces produce over LGA any LGA the country.
Howeverever, Munshi, said adap research and research Research indicates that the state can be pota planted in the state to potatoto, which to plant all in Plateau, especially produce in dry season, especially in the season, especially in dry season.
However, the Association of Potato Farmers (APPF) in the state, said unlessly address the challenges of the value chain, increase the value chain and export national production to continue to be in the national.
Chairman of APF in Plateau State, Lazarus Deazarusak, in a interview with a familiar interview within the daily inadequate damam, especially in the remote area where they plant a remote cost of high cost, which wasted the farm cost of plant.
He said the cost of mechanised farming increased production without increased production as the majority of farmers are small scale producers that are unable to afford mechanization.
Another farmer, who was an Ma kg, which was planted in a potatoe region in Many town in Many LGA of water LGA, said it was not on dry season, low-to-toking farmer.
According to this, she said, the majority of farmers were searching for farmers in located at the farmlehoe to take irrigation water for water.
Martha also explained that the high cost of fertiliser preventing farmers from improving farmers from improving quality, she added that when it is not affecting the crop, it is what it affects the crop.
The cost also prevented many of using from expanding the business.
So, to get fertiliser is easy for us.
She said the construction of more dame, including amle irrigation would lead to more production, she said.
If the crop is not to reach the crop, it will be a dry and then a day, some farmers whose resources are preferred to the resources there are preferred to digital production, where it will be without farming, she said.
I potatoked in a market in Jos.
Production to reach 7million metric ton after them labed them.
Within production production in Plateau State in the 1, metric, 201756 metric tons in 2017,92 to 2,92, 2020 metric, 2020 in 2020, the establishment of Potato, the establishment of Vetroleum and Vonstruction should be unveiled by the culture of metric tonnes.
The officers who Monitor and Emuate state state's Potatoto rice Sports in the state, Baleri Yakubu told Daily Trust, Daily Trust, the state started the state of the state started over six million plablabroiting to becoming metric production.
How much, Yakubu said the state government tackle other challenges, especially the farmers are, especially the one of fertiliser as it is well as the damamam network and road roads should be expected to achieve regulation to achieve regulation by regulation.
Our correspondent gathered that the tissue culture labbed, which they intend to improve pota yield in the state by providing seeds by providing seed and other to resist pests, which it is expected to commence the commencement of operation.
Yakubu said, This is certain that thedvevent of the labnt to improve income in farmers and revenue in the state and it will also help to help food security in the country.
Farmer in Plateau State, however, believed that the tissue la la, if it is fully fully equipped, to reduce the cost of treatment in disease.
They are hoped that quality seed will be available for affordable price.
FG has not returned to £4.2.
The Office of the Federation General of the Federation (OGAF) in Wednesday that the Federal Government has not returned to the Federal Government to the Federal Government to £24.
They are still waiting for the money after the resolve to resolve the issues before they had further further further action.
For now, they dont return to Delta State, a statement from the office, which revealed the director of information, Press, Pres Relations and Phadike, along Ogubikes.
The statement said the issue was not to resolve the issue of the £4.4
In the previous reasons, General General of the National Assembly should be returned to the proscribed government to the Delta, Ogubike said: The Delta, Iggubike: Agfging money only about the general comment.
The three League is not agreed against U.Aercionion.
Super three days, Real Madrid, G Party (PDP) insisted that Wednesday was committed to take modernise football as UEFA.
UEFA opens this formal formal on Tuesday on Tuesday against the three clubs who did not give up to give up the Super League project to give up the Super League project.
In a combined statement, It's Juiles in Italy, and the Spanish region said they have remained to take modernalogue football through the open the UEFA.
Barcelona, Italianos Committees and Real Madrid CF CF Cbrerely expressed abns of the insisted the insistion of the Urccrains towards the three institutions of the three institutions in the history of the history of the history, as the statement said.
These are at which to raise a alarm of breaching the decisions of justice, which has made clear to a statement to UEFEFA to stop the game which may be accused to take action when the clubs are still on the matter.
Therefore, as UEFA take thisciinary proceedings in officials in order and the leading attack against the rule of law, which is the rule of law, which is also built up the European Union, and also lack of justice.
China has given 140 million COVID-19 vaccines.
Chinas 45.3 millions of COVID-19 vaccine as of April 4, 2021, as the National Commission (NNNNCC) of the country said.
Chinas work to be sure that vacination efforts in major areas and key sectors are based on the country, in the country, in the country, in the country, in the country, which they can be used to be achieved as a wideles, and to NHyangayayayayaying stage as to make the potential, which could be
The country has been gathered to ensure that inoculation in the city-culation of a large and technology, cannabis across the area of infection, including high risk of infection, including a key employee, including group in public activities, and improving local students of the college schools, and improving economic schools.
For the present, Beijing, pgant from some other places in China has given senior citizens to the vaccine, which is above the vaccine, which is above 60 and patients that have chronic diseases.
According to the Qua, a official in the NHC noted that the commission to advance the vacaccation campaigns with order to address the importance of importance, it would be introduced by voluntary and free free participation.
The country has relocated to a regularion and control with its vacacination, to ensure that the regular responsibility of local government and the local government agencies are fulfilled, they very fulfilled, and advanceing them to advance the campaigns in various campaigns and secureding and securederful.
Besides, Chinas, China has taken more to take more steps in vacacination campaigns to ensure health, the official.
So far, China has approved the COVID-19 vaccines in five enterprises in a condition of marketing or in emergency.
Phases III of three vaccines have not been incate and a daunting vaccine as a dollar showed the efficacy of the efficacy to the requirement of Medicalssets Administration in China and the Worldciety of China.
Phase in the recum of the recof-cactal vaccine by vaccine by a emergency budget of the vaccine has showed that the vaccine is safe and it can cause his strong response.
All the COVID-19 vaccine by China has adopted a clinic of relevant standard standard, which led by national regulators, national regulatory drug regulatory and was approved to be strict and strict, as genocide.
We are going to monitor and make them have a temperature and have recorded from time to meet decisions on temperature and transportation.
A lot of Public regulators in China has also enhanced effort for the training of health workers, they should obey the enabling instruction, so they can guarantee the efficacy of safety and safety.
Wema Bank is on a contesting for children.
Wema bank Platively hosted the creyence of competition for the creative ability of young children to young children who are aged to 12 years.
The 2021 the Royal Ehos Esayave Coceition that is to develop and aimed, is to develop till developing skills, promote the creatagggation, rewarding and transforming their process.
Tenes will emerge in screening process which is transparent, credible and credibles.
The three, who came to be able to be the tables and Huaweis Royals Kiles Trts.
The three of the final they have to have N20,000 prefpaid gifts in school including billions including Trts.
The yy competition will be open to children with parents, including Royal Kis Sometimess or funding, it comes to close close to bu May 24, 2021, 2021.
From the Huspudi Rufai to Pasti Sai Sang Tangiye.
Twelve months ago Gari Abass (37) has been seen as a37 of the 2020 was hushed from June 2020 in 2020 in June 2020 in 2020 with a lot of money money consuming fraud and other sectors
The total money was to be $4million in a $4 million,92 to 1,400 victims.
After a year, the Federal Bureau of Investigations (BI) also arrested by theRufai Rufai (Rufai) is calling on Sari Taenior Special Assistant on the Senior Special Assistant on Ogun State, Governor, Governor, Dapo Abiodun in Airport to complained that he said.
The money was introduced to a series of the pandemic in a Washington to have been loss of job because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
It was during the lockdown, according to the investigation was tracked by the alleged fraudstersterstering fraud in the Federal House of Nigeria for the Federal House of Nigeria if it is not loss the loss of the Minister of the North/Ogun Championship Local Party (PDP).
It was done by the fraud by the identity of identity residents as the Emm is filling false claims with the Employ sector (NU) across the pandemic.
They create new-mails account for each identity of them to identify the claim within the claim to escape fraud into fraud system.
After that, there has paid $28 for a bank account in American between March and August, 2020.
The Cyber is a global threat to people and organisation, they are in the country.
Nigeria is quite loss at $128 billions N28 billions every year.
By the time 2021 to end, the world will have loss of $6 trillion.
Till date, it is over 40 Nigerian peoples or cannabis are still investigateed in the downsides of fraudulent scams.
The alleged that there was allegedly benefited by aRufai who will be under the COVID-19 fraud in Nigeria.
This is a scam â€œmholes in the COVID-19 pandemic have causen to scam people.
During the COVID-19 lockdown in Nigeria, cybercals are doing fraud along with the interventions from the government and private sector from private sectors and some of the scheme is still till, they still till date.
According to the pizoza, a federal government farmers, N20ative fraud, N20s, 000-based relief funds and other sales among others.
When some Muslim-criment of Nigerias outside Nigeria, some youngster was to do it in Nigeria.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) was arrested by arrest, also convicicticics them.
To understand the cultures that democratic-cages can help a serious fight the crime.
The family is the able world in the larger society.
This is able to be able to benuture normally for the society.
Apart from the fact that many family in Nigeria are in a dunge of poverty and it is hard to take care of them, some children had become care, and some children whose children has been.
It is also training training houses in several challenges as they were arrested as youths including Federal-crilitures.
For some other places, yawao boys children were forming associations to celebrate the criminalness of justify the criminalness of the criminal thing.
In the religious set, pastors, amodiaadia andkutinalist to benefit from home and soyayayayao-boyoyyism.
Moalal teachingdon comes for materialisticism to enter.
It is a viral video where some boys are in the spray while people are likely tribe in white workers that they enjoyed the captive moment, the member member member of the females of the church, as well as the churches of the church was recorded.
A Nigeria who was born in 1999 when Nigeria entered into Nigeria is 21 years, now.
Sadly, they are grown as a view of a way of life from some mouths of them from home to vote from home, which peoples people were not fulfilling the promise of them inpgngngngn ingngn.
Lying is also the foundation of the sociable of hushes of hushism.
Youthise is socialise in corruption by people are in public office.
They are seen how the system gives a longudulent people or private land (in public).
Is them ask how many fraud and corruption allegations, which have been accused of the accusment of the accusment of the accusment of ?
The lot of of cases with off-the-the-micative as the Nigeria Commission (NNDC) took end to end the family like family.
The youths are seen as celebrated the ferantantant in any lifestyle.
They are seen how poor polcal aspirants are become millions within months in the office.
They are seen how traditional institution has become a cash and carrying the chieftan title.
Tertiary educational institutions, within the few institutions, is awarding the honouring undeserved by exchanges in exchange for money.
All of those we are mismanagedut moneing the land.
To added to this list of culture that is nually the PDP is the Entrepreneurship which some businesses are given by competent social media as well as the present is now to work and that is bad.
If we elected media came into the law, it will make law against the crime ?
The process nomination leaders were given by the party nomination of the high bid to review if we are to stop importing problems,botictic things have already taken to enter our political system.
It is very unfortunate that the party leaders of party leaders would be able to low when they show them money.
They provide for the platform to take up to cover up and the society is worse with action.
Romans are also caused cyber-minality.
The FBo agent is at the Rufais Rufai, DRufai, Donaldmert said it is powerfulful.
Unfortunately, the legitimate means of the defendant was affecting all taxer.
To move forward, we cannot live in sin, are expecting grace to operate.
Let Nigeria to sanitise anti-coce system and to put the place in place to track track institutions with material institutions.
We must have given youth in Nigeria by ctening employment opportunities, reduce poverty, including poverty system.
The EFCC is need to invest in technology and expose them to modern electricstate investigation.
The commission needed to finish investigation before suspected operatives were arrested as FBIs before arrest, and ppurud MDAs.
Unless their cultures were tackleed by cybercrimes in Nigeria with social engineering, cyber-criing, cyber-minage to continue to continue to continue.
Drde, Tade, acis-stccud writes this piece inta00 tonnes.
The president of the Tovers have been chaired by the African Union.
President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Prince Txshis Tekeds entered into the African Union on Saturday.
He entered into the first day in the 34th Ordinary Sssion of the Assembly of the State Government and Governments in The Government through Aba.
He was then then after president of South Africa.
The Au will be aimed to address the bad of COVID-19 in the continent.
The unions
Those were in 2021, Arts Culture, and Heritage: Levage: Leving for the Africa Western Africa.
Despitee the country and Africanwide control control m, the impact of COVID-19 have taken a human human, financial cost-economic cost of Africa and socio-economic cost of Africa.
The crisis has also given the opporting to resate a re-examine our socio-economic understanding and work towards sustainable economic growth which would enable them to enable our woman to contribute to our society.
We must rely on ourselves and find our solution to our problems.
Those were said to say the DRC during his time in the union was looking for the union to elevate Africans.
It will also focus on sustainable development by Africa and in Africa.
We will work to ensure well-tegral well-bral, peace and security cares against COVID-19, as well as food security.
Agricultural transformation, education, gender equality, climateism, for people and goodly move to freeism, and freedom to enhance our cultures and freedom as to enhance our common languages, in the history of the history, within the country in Africa.
New problems in Lagos-called PDP concerning LG polls.
A fresh challenge has been gathered in Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) concerning the release of the local government elections in the local government elections.
Engrers have been battled with many of his colleagues in the State Working Committee (SWWCW), the suspension of its led to its suspension recently, was released on Friday.
It can be remembered that the State Independent Electoral Commission (DEE) have released the time for the elections to hold on Saturday, 2021 2021, 2021.
Within the internal operations in the State Chairman, the PDP Chairman, which Chairman was released, which we heard about the guidelines was good for the eyes of most of the executive member that the executive member said.
A member of the State executive chairman said the chairman plan plan was on timetable unilally and he does not involve other executive members.
It was learnt that the other-called faction of the party was identified as the emba Chairman of the guidelines over the guidelines.
The executive member, who spoke at a condition, said the positions of the member of the vexex to enter this week, insisted that the public week, insisted that the executive members of the executive members.
How it is feel to be born in pandemic The Al Af Jahanhan.
When news of death, a new life, one's happnes are hoped, including hope.
In January 1, 2020, a new morning, two red line changes my life.
I had to be sure and I am happy.
It is mamzing to start new year.
That was the most remarkable of my life.
We all have a sudden, every date.
My daughter-shomon was born at the end of the first lockdown in the Bangaka, Bangki; she is now nine years oldsh; I am born at the end of the first lockdown at the first lockdown, Mahaka, Oyin months she had gone.
She was the reason I was her mother in the middle of global crisis.
Not only she was born, but a new me, was also new me, who spent the whole pre in lockdown in home and children in the country.
However, the world has seen a mask and isolation.
Her grandma was also afraid of her or was left to her near mask.
If pandemic is not, my journeys would be taken to enter different practices.
This Mother Day is very special as my children have been looking for the front, and looking for me.
In the last mother, she was growing in a lot of me.
The only thing is not made, meanwhile, the pandemic, is the pandemic.
It was as a 16 weeks in the pandemic, when the world entered into lockdown.
I was struggled to survive the pandemic with my homal and physical changes.
The 22 weeks are like war.
My husband, Sianwinan is a lot, and all its concerted engineers in the time.
I am freeance since January, 2021, 2021.
So we have been depending on what I have already paid, and spent all my savings.
Our parents and two journalists were recovered to help forward to help in the main time.
I am fear; every fear.
Most of the time, it was like to die.
Our door is now.
I am a able to say a new life that is a online click and they deliver our things or home-de.
I have been waiting for a week to deliver the deliver gave grories like day.
I was even fear to send the only members of the family, with me to buy food storage.
So I did not eat.
I am also, I could not go for myinatal check-up as they took me to give me a time.
And I't be sure if my children is growing welwels can take place time.
I am sorry for my unborn children that I am bringing in the world from it.
I am tele that helped me passed into some months in the last three months.
I am forget the face of my gnaeecee.
I couldn't think she would be looking to wear PP.
I need informed about risks, precadutions, and how to emergency medical help.
Many informed them are flowing around.
In this informed me, my mother was to experience my mother, and my mother could only support me-wlas and nothing to support me and nobody to meet me with me.
Tratable, experienced mothers and mostly older women in the family to help within the family to experience as well as well as well.
I have been an attack because I had a attack because I had a information and understanding.
So I am a dig experience of mother who was held during this time.
I saw social media as aline.
I read more exciting from social media in the year when I was speaking to a group over 100,000 woman, which was able to be able to take the support to survive all the pandemic.
There is the media in the plat leg that helps 100,000 women and the ones as well as the located with a located including experience as well as the lockdown.
It was one who helped me to find meththaking and care to take the end of the heavy network after bleding after bleing for the lockdown.
Another group helped to stop anxiet and the depres of children.
I was going to meet that I cannot meet my parents, or relatives, or friends to take up the happy share in the family members.
My daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimin Mater, where I was born.
And she met another child on one when she entered four months in December 31, 2020, when her father and her husband would go to the ground with me to see the roofs.
Another twomile little little, my neighbouring neighbouring I met the first time for the first time to speak to the 2020 in 2020.
Every day, and it is still a gift, to consider the recent statistics of the COVID-19 cases.
When news about the death of the new life, the new life bnes and hope.
In their mother, it was not different from the war with a children in the pandemic and they were care for the new children, to confirm the safety of safety â€.
Socially, it, and physically, these challenges can be challenged.
Our lights to the light in the eyes of the baby was.
As you, my daughter, my daughter, and I am a successfuler and a fighter of this pandemic.
The Ajaf Jaektek has been kept the National Geographo Society's Society's Emergencyisting in Jigawa.
It is National Geraphicraph Society to support this work.
The national question, insecurity and the declaration in Asaba.
By Segun Tomo
Recently, governor, in the souther Nigeria has been able to meet in Asaba and some approval of the state, which is calling on the nations nations declaration.
The meeting also comes on the matter as insecurity in the country has been reduced by some ethnic agitations, and as the matter of murderoous herdsmen generates nationwide.
Indeed, the bipartisan nature of the meeting within the 17nimity that is considered the governor of 17 governor to mean business.
Rectucturing in the context of trueism and the federalism of open grazing.
The light is to bring the state police, devtion of power, to review revenuesss through favouring voteer unit in the national unit, including the need for the need to discuss the question.
As they should condemn the way tohassss of their financial legs in the state and judiciary in legislature and its spirit of true God which is not called on the federal government to call for them, plant in the ten million of the ruling Progressives of the ruling Government (MDAs).
One to expect the leading light in the APC to take advantage of the bipartisan nature of the Asaba, and the support of the major opposition party to begin the issue to address the issue.
Instead, we see attempts to take the gallery and in some quarter, in some quarter, subles of the governor.
The El-Rufai has recommended devtion of power, resources resources, state, local government, local government, reviews inutation for frmulaming revenue for frmulaer and among them.
President Buhari has given the support for local government, genocidery and judiciary in abutonomy since amendment in the statual issued by the statual Order and Executive Order.
As the state of the nation, the security and economic challenges have become a big challenge, this should be the two sector and getting attention together.
Despitee the rate as Nigeria as a country of Africa in Africa, we have not been able to be a better efforts to improve it and the most important standard of our nations or the majority of
For instance, our annual budgets which reached $35 billion, it is very very inadequate to take cateral to the need of 220 million people.
South Africa, who has about 12 millions of the National budgeting $75bn in 2019 and her Protection Programme to 17m Agency.
The efforts of the Buhari administration is to make, as a new way and it is to drop up in in in the ce and not to make adequate impact.
This is a devtion of power and resources resources to enter.
So absconds with domestics and natural resources are not more business to stay in the day.
A neutral all the state in the country has a natural resources that can sell market to explore market to takic wealth and generate the country.
The present system where state is in Abuja to be kept allocations in the countrys breeding in the country, it does not follow the principle of true true trueism.
Just as the El-Rufai in the proposed committee, said to review the revenue form of states since they are responsibilities to be more responsibilities.
On the state, it was undesratndable that governors are fearable that governors will be feared, but as they will escape, Nortrtde, to escape, you have gone through it.
In long, we have been able to go back to the state of the police, we have turned a blind eye to the Centralised Nigeria Force which has become overstststing and that has becomen a big problem.
As vice-President Osin Osba, some years ago, the Police Command has come.
We have to address our fears and overcome it.
One in the way is to enact Relations to the State Police Command of the State Police Proory Commission (SPRC), along with a constitutional amendment of the police police police.
It will be similar officials with the Federal Police Service (PC) but it will be a wider to take power to exercise by regulators including wheels.
Do the ban on open grazing in the governors are not only a nate thing, it is part of the National Livemmme (PPPP) which National Executive Council (TPP) for the National Executive Council
The International Crisissis Groups (IG) has put the &ITP as the most comprehensive efforts to date to take over ensuring overhaul over the inefficient and grosrosroly livestock system.
In the Forbes strategy, to take curbtory and open grazing and cannot lower the risk of herders, thereforerere, therefore such beliefs, appealed to some ethnic belief that my chooses, there's chooses to getting the ban-maoric.
Let us the federal and stae government moved to fully implement this new plan so that we can put this-hers clash-herders clash from time to time.
The convvocations of National Dialogue, which is a major demand of the Asaba declaration is not necessary since the 2014 2014 when the National Consference of recommendations of the Govt-Rufai is on the Federalism.
The two report was to be a faring that by the governor of the governor who elected and elected legtiss in the national assembly to agree on, instead of the national resources that is not on another jamboree.
On the issue of the separist, agitations, they gave a modalities to take a referendum as it is in the constitution.
It is even certain that many majority of Nigerias people wanted to live together, they didn't mind our issues.
To do this will take the sailo for the row of the divisive elem, which is now fannet, which is fan and thiscords.
The Southern Governor Governor Governor Governor's commitment to one Uniteds on the basis of justice, fairness and equity, as well as the Nigerian Nigerian Nigerian.
But we have a challenge like every other countries, we must listen to ourselves as President Joe President President Gdnnnnent, said.
to live in Abuja
Two officers have died as IPOB terrorists were put on the police station on police station.
It has not been to reach 24 hours after the police Commissioner of police who appointed in Anahihi, Christbaner Adeto, resumes its thugal attacking, resumes, resumes his terrorists, Oiled Oil local government in the state and killed by two hours of the state.
The Obard, attacking the police station on Wednesday, they free all the people before they were set ablaze on the station.
One of the police station, who affected a statement said many terrorists were intercepted by the police station around 11pm.
He identified the officers as Inspector James and Awalu.
The source said the victims were killed in one of the stationing station that is not close to the police station, he said.
The source also said when some other police officers were on duty including an unusual movement of the gunmen, absconding and the gunmen who ran to attack the police station, was attacked to take time on the police station.
Meanwhile, the police in Anaambra confirmed the kills of two men.
DSP Tokwu Iga, who is the Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the command, confirmed the command, confirmed the Commissioner of the state Commissioner of police commissioner to take a tactical team to check the beginning of the incident.
The tactical team of Police Commissioner of Policeal team led to a tactical team to see the spot on the spot of the spot.
They also urged the team to identify and attacked the jaile people whose attacks, as he took the attack, he said.
Iga, added that the body of the two police had been in the nearby, he said they had started investigation on the matter.
NEPC, Commonal collaborates to top production of professional service data.
The Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEEC) and the Commons, Secrellas Secium water wanted to take reliable fixe for professional service in Nigeria in Nigeria.
When it is called on the inaugural meeting of the National Consultative Committee in the International Trade-Serin-NP) under the Commons (NCC) N) under the Commontal, the Director of Mr.
Awolow is said to have been able to create awareness on the trades sector of the economy, including National economy, including National Strategy in National Strategy in the Strategys Services in 2010.
He said the Commonal has helping Nigeria to develop a road-map in the sector in 2016.
The boss in NEEC said the current focus in collaboration with collaboration with collaboration with the Commonal Secoooooooooooooos is on top by management and management.
This is an critical effort to export the export as it will fill the gaps in the gap or caps of relevant institutions in order to take, an institution in order to generate an eatgatal education and use forin-ingining as it took a globally.
NITDAs will launch tech tech in July
The National Information Development Agency (NNAA) and one of the United States, Masase Mas, Masers have signed financial support between 10 and 15-ups from from July 12 months.
Director General of NPDA, Kafuwau Abdullahi Abdullahi said this on Tuesday during a virtual media engagement with the officials of MasCalles.
Abdullahi said that the initiative was to identify and accelerated and accelerating and accelerated start-up-ups in Nigeria and grow business to the Nigeria and global market.
The DG in NGDA, who said the initiative would launch the initiative in July adding that it will improve innovation and entrepreneurship in the country.
There is a vibrant ecosystem that is highly critical to the future of our country and is to find our various challenges to take our challenges.
Mis was a prominent way to take properity for all and to be lifted in the country.
The CEO of MasicCallehal, Siohanbhan, said, the firm has moved over 20000, the firms across the world, the firms across the world has generated $6 billion billion billion to be $6 billion.
Kidppers have taken two women in Abuja.
Kidppers have been taken to the two women, Christiana Attah and Fahill, behind Angruwawawawapppros community invs, Aba, FCT.
About the two victim, Mrs. At Samtah, a retired retired school teacher, told our reporter that her house around Thursday, the incident happened to the incident happened.
She said she was sleeping and the children were in room when the kidnappers came to the house after the fenced loan, he said.
She said one breaks into the window to enter the rooms with her children and leave the gun with guns.
When the girls noticed that the girls were trying to break the window of my room, but the kidnappers were recovered, the kidnappers came to all my room and put us, he said.
According to her, the kidnappers were left to her after some few of them were met when they noticed that she could not go out of old.
I was then after the security, which I couldnt go again against the other gangs told me to
A resident, who has been able to be done, said the kidnappers do more than more than more than more than more than the operation is shooting up to scare people.
He said there was no security man in the kidnappers, when the kidnappers were shooting air in a hour, he said.
Daily Trust learnt that until that very day, the woman and her children are always sleeping in neighbouring home and they are going back to home because they were feared because they were feared by kidnappers.
It was also gathered that the daughter of the woman, who was classed at the area of the area, was prepared to do next month.
The police command in the FCT, in the FCT, at a ASP Maryam Yusuf, did not want to send a text message to her her latestway to confirm the incident in the area.
Why I run them in Anaibcan in Anahacan Phief.
A Angli against Priest, GodwinEk Okonk, said he was raced in the November governor in Anaq election because he wanted the fear of God to bring the fear of God's knowledge and knowledge of resources in the state.
Okonkwo in Daily Trust on Wednesday, after his supporter was supported by its supporter Awka, the state capital capital capital, said the state was lag behind in terms of good governance.
The people who are now in now, is not manageing the resources of Anahi in the good of the good of the Anambraa.
I believe we can do more than the management of the state.
We have reached to move from lukming from the leadership of leadership.
I was at Apc to change the poor outinging the party in the state, as he said.
Barty have beat Kvitova to take last four matches with Badosa
Cole Barin will take on Paula Badosaaa in the semifinal of Madrid after after beating Kvitova 6-1, 3-6, 6-3 on Wednesday.
World Barty chased her fourth singles title in the year after she wins a year ago in Stuttgart.
At the last four she would face the woman who beat him in the quarterfinal in the earlyfinal in October.
In Wednesday, the Australiano shot against the spokesperson of the Wimrbledon of 2015, two times including Sundays open winners winners.
Wildin Bados have become the first Spanish woman in the tournament to be 12-year-year-year-old to make the semi-5 with her 6-4, 6-4 over eightth seed.
They were arrested by Saturdaymies of Ndigbo in Egypt.
It was twant-twomies of pharaoh, which in the streets of Cairo on the street on saturing in royal stunning from Egypt from Micicicgating by Egypt to the new Mususususic Feization (EC) in Egypt).
This event was marked as a launching NMEC officially.
Against the back of fireworks, the Skimss, and four kings were queenenens?
Seqenen Taoen who ruleed Egypt around 1,600 B.Es, while the arrest, ass Rameseses located in the 12th century By brings up the 12th century.
According to him, the strict standard for the transporters of artrs, they remained in the royal royal state-of-the-rounds to guarantee cases to guarantee itmaates.
That was 60s, Pakistans fish, and a pharaicic issues that enowned violence renowned Egypt maest maro Abbatal Naar to follow the moment.
The procession was started with a 21-gun salute, the Taiskisk Squad in the Tamas Squad, and then proceeding along the NMEs to NMCiand, where he died Nhelda-Selda-Seldin the personally kick in the 85-m of the Civie Nationalny.
The raids who were arrested at 40-minutesed participation in 12 celebed in Egypt, as 200 millions were tafseer.
The prices of artififactifies to spent the next two weeks in the NMEtory team, where they would be prepared for the Royal Muus Hall, which is prepared for the sales for the valley of the palace.
The Royal Committee will be open to the Royal Government Halls to visitors in April 18, which hasjamin World Day.
To promote the launching, NMEC is offered 50 percent this percent to operations to the Central Exhibbition of the Central Exhi Halls at April 4 to go back from April 4.
To writes, representatives of local media and international media have the opportunity to take pictures and video the artets in the Central Exhibition Hall in April 4 and 5.
Oncelooking A Siraain the heart of the historical city of ustatats in Babylon, NMECC) is one of the large and most important from the world that is important or the first-led by the first civil.
Deroar in Kano prison concerning illicit drugs
Panonium is now in Kano prison in Kurururawa in Thursday.
The up the war started when the warder was in the prison, 75 cannabis concealed cannabis, which was allegedly allegedly bringing in in Thursday.
When contacted, the Public Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Serviceal Service (NCoS) in Kano state, Musbahu Kofar Kofar Nassarawa, confirmed the matter to take out of the matter how the committee took out of the centre into the centre.
He said, It brings cannabis to the prison and our secessionists were able to investigate, so we spoke within the address,he said.
We have set up to take committees to take out how such illicit drugs into the house; whether they put it into the food that bringing for one one of the prisoner or some of our officers.
The action does not have anythimg with jail, was just aroarar, we have been taken back in a custoto-dto-totoying centre, as he added.
Rumour it is that the officers wanted to break the jail to take attempts to escape as the food was given to the break fast to break fast, on their break fasting bututist from cast.
The spokesperson of the NCoS has debunked the rumour, he described as well.
Daily Trust reports that the 100 years ago in Kurmawa, in Kurmawa, behind the Emir of the metropolis was the biggest cust centre in the state.
FG is called for global action against terrorism, drug trafficking.
The federal government has urged worlds leaders to give international cooperation and part of efforts to fight terrorism and to carry drugs, including drugs, including other crimes.
This is even as Nigeria took concern over the incident of bad financial flows from developing economy to develop in the world.
This is one of the position of the Nigeria in the conference of the United Nations Commission on Prittion and Production to Justice with Criminal, Maren, Vinanana.
The National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Femi Babafemi, said as the Chairman of the Chairman of the chairman of the agency, Brig-Gen.
Mohamed Buba Marwa (Retd), which was presented by the position of Nigeria and 6CCzed meeting in the meeting as part of the nation deepening the processes as part of the processes and prevention from preventing the fertiliser from its terrorists and preventing potentials from the ransom.
It is also necessary to put tack on and control as illicit traffic are spreading, drug, within brain, which led to violence.
Nigeria is also worried that the linked between terrorism and other forms of crime like corruption, there's money to grow money, and machines are growing in illiciting in illicit drugs, cybercrime, and sgggation for the sgggation of Marwa.
When it delivered from Nigeria in Nigeria on 6C on Wednesday, Marwa said as a nation was renewed desire to improve international cooperations, crime and all kinds of crime, Nigeria has urged all to make good efforts to address the potential, including poverty-economic institutions, including poverty-based poverty-economic practices.
When it is presented by the statement of the country on Thursday, Marwa said, Nigeria is not greatly concerning concerning the great concern of illicitence, we are passing through the financial system, every year, and developing analysis.
To take the advice of this bad, which includes financial institutions to acters, enablers, partys to illicit financial flows, at tracking financial supply, but it does not transformed in the custody of financial institutions but to transform it.
In this regard, we are called on the implementation of the recommendations of the fact that there is support for access to recccorture and the sustainable development in sustainable development.
It is Syllva, Kurfiture as Chelsea win the Champions League.
Two prominent people in the former Governor of Bayelsa State and the Minister of the Minister of the Petroleum State, Mr.. Timlllla and the Chairman of Katsina State, Alhaji Aootball Association of Katsina State, Alhaji Alhaji Abubakar Kurfiturdur football.
In the final, former English champions, former Chelsea City in 1-0 1-0 in the Eadioio.
did Dragao in Port to take second trophy in the trophy.
Kai, one of the most expensivetable from last summer, he said the goal decided to put a third goal in a third row on row.
Momentments after the match, the former governor tweet I am supported Chelsea in U.CL trophy, and I did not regret.
Kfifid to watch officials in Abuja with Sylva said his time to take the match and watch the Bayelsa State governor to support and celebrate him during the match.
I need to support him because it is avid of Chelsea.
I am also a end of the end, he said.
No one is that he knows His Excellency Timire Sylving food in sports, especially football.
For my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I was a father to support all parts of different club in my state.
I was with Chelsea from loan to Katsina United to Katsina United.
From United, the loan to Kurifriers, DTigers, and I am on every club, as Kurifrifed to play like like to play.
Election in Barcelona: President Musil was a early lead, rival officials said it was fraud.
President Division have been arrested by a early lead into the early pesidentialial election in Ugangangan, according to result from the electoral commissioned on Friday morning.
This is as his main rival has said he has a proof that fraud into the election.
According to him, 29.4 per cent of votes from aspirants on Thursday, Mustuali votes 1,263,263 or 633 per cent of main opposition as the Bine to Bine candidate, Bine said.
Wine stolen fraud
Within an singer that is a lawmaker who has been a cast by a young violence within political change, told news on Friday that he had a proof of fraud on Friday, he said.
He has said one of the earlyet that he had confidence that he would win it despite fraud and violence.
Musent, who has led to the country in the East in East in the 34 million millions of 34 years never said.
Internet black black.
In Wednesday, the government ordered to block the till till report, a day after all social media and mesgins.
Wine and his supporters use to live in affairs of its campaigns and news news after he said many media were not going to host it.
The election was against the election with deadly crackdown on opposition and supporters of them.
The capital of Barcelona, Kammgwu, bublebleblely lowly on Friday, while public holidays on Thursday, as much as well.
Therefore, within the rainl legs were in rain in a suburb of Reuters visited.
Commission then, Mr Byabama, assured the nation on Thursday on a nation on Thursday after a result of the result in entering into the nationalally centre in the national centre of tlack centre.
We are not going to use local interventions, we are used, as we use our own system, without saying, we have given out of the system.
Nobody will come, result, Bokobaks, said.
New pandemic has been hit more prefeeectures.
From Japan to expand the present state of the emergency to cover three prefecurt, as the government said Friday.
This is on the infection of the coronavirus has been wide in in the country ahead of Tokyo Olympics.
The preecture in Hokdo, Okakdo, Okayshi and Hiro, likely to enter the effort from Sunday, as to go on on May, Economic Economic Economic Economic, Yastotoking news, said.
One pan of experts in the proposal, as Neimura which is in charge by the coronavirus response by the government to take the coronavirus response by the government.
The northern police of Hokdodo noted recorded a 71212do on Thursday as the western prefeeeture of Hiro also seen recorded in Wednesday.
As the infection they are growing to Hiro and Okay writes to relalass a week that should be taken to the public week on public roads.
International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach, Thomas Bach, should participate in the to participate in the event in Hiro on May 17.
However, local us said they have been said to Bach travel to Japan to Japan.
The government has been able to extend the state of the emergency in Tokyo including three prefetures until the end of May, and they added two regions were two regions in the Fuuawaaga.
The government said the state of the emergency in the four prefectures in April, a request to bars and drug bars were to serve and to go without dyey the â€.
Experts have given a warning that the varieties of more conescent, especially as the coronavirus vaccine are set, it is due to a coronavirus vaccine in the mid-Fbrudrary.
Only one per cent of Japan
They have vacinate 200 millions of people.
Farmers will benefit from mechanised farm in Jigawa
The Malam Alu Wented All Company, a farm on 100-hectare of land in Asctata, alongside Maiduguri, along Maiduguri, Birin Local Government Area of Jigawa, Jigawa State, has changeed the petroleum farming in Nigeria.
As they established the farm almost five years ago, as we were gathered, the call to the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to return to agriculture as Nigeria to return to agriculture as the main main to agriculturest in the nations in the nation, as well as the country is relying for the country.
It is not cattle tags that attached to him in the end.
Founder in the company, Fark Adamu, a former member of the House of House of Representatives, Repatively announced it, the GGM
We are going to be green farming.
We have 10,000 fast-mets that have fully fully automats: where we are produce tomato.
We also have two-off-metres green farmings where we produce other green farming farming, including 500 fast-metetre farming, which we are used to use as income.
This greenhousehousehouse is all foreign-orentent, which we have deployed to the produce varieties of vegetable.
This is only a tomato produce for the 10,000 automated soillesshouse: and we produce an average of 10 tons of tomato every week ton every week.
We have another 10,000 fast-metres locally locally-mbicic farming.
We have livestock sections, where we have over 300 her her herds of cattle, some sheep and sheep, as it took the talk.
Daily Trust learnt that the farm also has caps Ny unit, with about 50,000 fish in the pond.
Siam, one in aty-ton-ton per fertiliser blering for the early part of the year, as we heard of the year, as we have taken to be about 300Ps to produce NKize fertiliser against the President Stertive fertiliser.
We have imported equipment which could install 12 capacity for poultry system.
We hope to produce the produce between 3,000-3,000 crates of eggs in a day, as a day, Mans took the day.
He said, The farm, also has a plant to produce theary, which is produces 2,000 litres of milk in a day, adding that they should have about 4500-httomying land without openly cultivation of rice farming and other crops.
Masurs that major people buy the tomato is a premium customers, notably, a big hotel in Abuja and Lagos, including other areas.
He confirmed, however, said the main market was on the product of its mainly part of the country as the country like Enugu, Owerri.
However, he added that apart from the small customers were in Kano, they don't have been seen a tomato product for local markets.
First, the fact that the tomato should be produceed to produce a special number and the second reason the fact that Jigawa is the fact that Jigawas are major areas in tomato.
You know that a common product for here, so, as a ouw price price is the open market.
So, there is essentially no morely the dyying our side, they are falling apprehensive with what they believe that it is in cost.
And when you have a product for the spread, it will be the people to buy the â€.
It is one farms all the fish.
As told about the average lifes of thempan stations, he said, if you give the tomato every tomato is, it given the iage that it means that it takes it to feed it, which it has grown the feed, when you can grown in the last weeks by three weeks by the average.
But even without him, he will last week, no week, is not in refrigeration, and not in prefure and more heat.
You can be put on the table where better matation is.
It can be last average of 10 days, but if they can provide every provide everything to take up the last month.
We have happened it, but it was not going to happen as you are already wanted.
The farm is a source of employment in the South in the village where they located.
He also said the company had some youths to train the youth in the arae on technology, he said.
He further further said most of the equipment in the farm was from Turkey, except on Turkey, but the fertiliser-ble machines, which was imported from China.
He said despite the farming area like the Turkey, was in Turkey, because they have a Turkish partner to maintain the standard, but it added that the standard of the company is compelling to run the taching of Nigeria.
According to him, the effect of COVID-19 on the operation of the company, Mansurs, Malam Alu, as other corporate Alleviation in the country, in the country, suffered from the virus of the virus.
In Manyurs, youths in Nigeria't fail to remain daloy with the kind of agriculture is provide, it provides the opportunity within the people that there are white-colllar job to be the reality-collar job and to make agriculture.
He believed Nigeria has been able to do his long time before time, however, noted that if the country takes this step, it has been cornered to the present economic challenges.
2023: Lawmakers to seek a better deal in Southern Kaduna
The member representing Jaba Constituency in the State House of Assembly in Kaduna, who is a call on Monday, said to go together and called on better people to go into the strategies of strategies to strategies in Kaduna and Senatorial District in 2023.
According to him after a meeting with the stakeholders in Kane Local Government Area of Kaduna State in the weekend, which is in the weekend, which is on the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), the Peoples Democratic Party said.
This is the time for the entire Southern Kaduna people to him.
We need to transform our region and education, education, education, agriculture, employment, employment and employment, empowerment and youth in the teeming youth and we will do it with non-mmal organization, adding that he added.
The Director-General of the Campai, story at the winner, Timothy Chdodo, disclosed the desam, said the desum of Kaduna South Senatorial District of the Southial District of the Senate in 2023.
In everything, it is under the sun.
So at this period is now in a critical period of time no ordinary Coscidence, but God's God to take liberation from every region from everythimg from it it is by growing and growing other regions, he said.
3, Africa, has not been among Nigerians, as Chelsea City, Chelsea were contested by UEFA League final.
No doubt, the football fans in Nigeria is waitingly for the 2020/2021, UEFA Champions League finals to happen two clubs which would happen to be contested at Manchester City and Chelsea to contest in the Eadooga.
Within the fact that UEFA Champions League is one of the biggest footballs only to FIFAs World Cup and the Olympic Olympic Olympic Olympic Cup event, the Olympic level has increase in English Premier League for the fight to be set.
Asestest City have not won the Champions League for the Champions League title, which first won them first and only title in 2012.
Therefore, in football as the undispped City have been accused of premiership to win this night to win this night, Chelsea will have to enter into the contesting withtta.
They are former chmion.
However, Thomas Thomas Tuchels leads to Chelsea in Chelsea have not won into the Champions League, his oppent in Manchester City, which has won it wins just two times.
He wins him with Barcelona in 2010 and in 2010.
Therefore, many of them are expecting from the actors to enter the field for Eadioio.
Dragao in Port and the men of charged to charge the technical area.
Interestingly, despite both contestants have only three African African players in the Riyadzzz (Algeria), Manchester City City), Hal Zchoro (MIs) and Abia).
Senegal Chelsea, the interest of Africa in the final drop.
In Nigeria here, Chelsea where Chelsea and Manchester City are enjoyed more followers from sustainable footballs fans, they are expected to eevereverever, and it has leads to interest in the realigment.
Fans of the other club have been said to have been shots of the Champions Leagues of the Champions Leaguesgnals with Manchester City or they were taking the interest.
The consequence is that the final of the articles is that is now in the sports at sports in the moment and fans of the premiere club have continues to continue to predict the final.
Howeverever, as much as almost everything has been waiting to sour the artistry footballs who are displayed, some petroleum footballs are not in the final of the final of the biggest football for the biggest football in the country.
If in history, in UEFA Champions League, is only 24 African footballers and win the trophy of the European clubs.
It is sad that African footballs like Liberia's George Weah whose votes as World Footballer of World Footballer in 1995, 1995.
By Yeki of Nigeria, Mohamed Aboutth About August, Paris Livea, Jaes, Jaes-Jaraha, Kena, Olise, Kent, Koar West and Paris League wins struck with Egypt.
Despite Sah (EEgy), Sadio (S), Joee Matip), Matiper (CGC) and Naby KeGaG) was the big stage when the total stage of 6th minute in 2019, the Champions League win the first Premier.
He achieve the anti-home Liverpools in 1984.
It was as a Iaaah, Casah, who won it FC in Port 1992 and Abed Pele (GGG) in 1989 within 1989, alongside Opunhuneeeeee, before Nigeria.
duo of George Goikk and Nwank pulled him into Ajaam with Ajaam for 1995.
It is also recorded that Geri Njitap of Cameroon to the first African to win the title twice in 2000 and Real 2000 in 2000 with the Spanish Spanish giant, Dr Etoto-tero Cameroon's win her three times in 2015, without three times.
Others who have won the highked provision of Ibrahim Tankoko (GGhan)
Borno, Dortmunds 193, Samuel KGawa (Ghan) Bayern Munich), 2001, Bccyouth (SCC) FC of Port 2004, Djimmmors.
) The Liverpool, Yaya Toure (Cure) dIvoire (CIvoire)
Barcelona & 2018, Seyd Keitaoud System (B), Barcelona, Barcelona, Suuntaya, Suunta MuntaG).
Interter, there are 2010 and MPDgah (Kenya), 2010.
John Alhajl Obios (NHia), Michael Ebethnhan), Salhan), Somonououe (CIvoire), SIvoire), d'Ivoire), Drura DrCgbaed (NPC) with Chelsea win the Champions League for African and Ham of Real Madrid.
To come close to home, the last time of Nigeria who won the trophy when vermil Obil Obil repays is among the trophy in the trophy with the Chelsea trophy at Bayern Munich.
After that achievements by the captain of Super Eagles, Nigeria had seen other talented players like Ahmed Musa, Wilfred Ndidi, Olode Alex, Ake Alex, Ijwho, Cask-Etu, Bytuyaji, Byking late, Leeehi Eygeehis (Esahisahi, Cahis, Uyahisahi.
But no one of the final of the final of the biggest competition in Europe.
The reason is not clear.
It is the top of five club in Europe, Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Barcelona, Barcelona, dominated the competition.
Unfortunately, Nigerias players have failed to enter highly highly rated clubs in Europe.
It is hoped of Nigerias stakeholders that very soon the new generation of players in the clubs to play for a clubs to win the UEFEF-A League.
If this failed, then the football had in Nigeria who continues to live with the ago in the watchaking of watches of the UEFEF League will be in the UEFA League, without the presence of the presence of Nigeria.
As Nigerias people wait for the next Super Eagle player who will rise to the European club competition the way way to Be George George, Nwakwo in Aja with him to do it in June 1995, Oyl Trade and Ali has been a few hours of the general clubs.
In the end, it will be in the Manchester club that hunts in their first titles, the Lither primeers are in the second-leles and the second-leding football to watch in the world, which will be better.
It has been forced to FC IfeanyiUbah to 2-2 draw in the Orientby police.
Enyimba FC from 1 to secure one- draw from a 2-powered should be made in a week fixture against resles against FC against FC in Aba, the international international stadium.
Theietal orby seen that Emba should be made to three changes a team for Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar a return after a weeks were layed to him while Anthon Omaka and Victor Mba entered into the starting line up again.
The first minutes of the game sees as both sides were able to hit the first place but the Sai visiting first in Saidu Adamu through the Saidue playing from home after Uining Uin a headnd Oand Oa.
According to the away side and the game of the game, they have more confidence and that they left the hostam to the game to get up into the first game as the first 1-0 in favour of the visitors.
According to the second half, IfeanyiUbah to press a press for the second to the second goal and getting the reward when Sai Saidu Mohammed has a brace after his brace after making over the 61th minute.
According to the second goal to life, Emba came to life and throw everything in the game to get back into the game.
In the 7th minute, the presence was paid off as Reuben to reduce the defic for Eficit drugs in a lucky fashion.
It is Opozogweer keep out his first header but the ball-peres to him and defining the line.
The goal has given Emba hope as some of them continue to press plunty to secure a point at least at least at least.
And they are this in 90th through Imo Obot.
Following this result, Emba have moved up to 5th position with 17th points from two games with two outing matches.
Meanwhile, FC IfeanyiUbah is still in relegation zones as they have 17 games in 19 games.
Farmers are apprehensive as planting season started with  Lantictic rains.
As wet season started in most part of the season, farmers have begins paln with fear as raintic and could be threatened.
Raining is sble for Benue, Nasarawa, Niger, Kaduna and part of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), and many farmers have planted crops.
For the 2019/20t season wet season season, erratictic rain in the north and mid- matches in the south-apped for the south-home farmers to due money.
Musa immediately and Halimama Thomas, farmers in Domamafia and Lafia, Nasarawa State, said they have planted maize, including other crops likedaunted and yam fears but with another season, they can be forced to have two varieties.
I lossed my yam last year due to any heat of rains because of rainwel.
This year, we have been a second week in May but rains are now fallting enwels.
And I have been able to be able to 20kg of groundnut.
If it continues like this in another week, I can loss all the seed, as Mr.
Likely, many farmers around the FCT have planted so, but they have a big fear in the year.
In Benue state, Benue State, our correspondents state, our correspondents that farmer have decided to cultivate land land and plant crop on rain.
Some farmer, who had been prepared earlier earlier in the tears, said they could not begin to be planted until a week ago, while others were going to clear land at least two weeks within the
A farmer in Otto, Ada, Ada,, said the ground is still strong to cultivate the rain because the rain is fallingquent.
Another farmer, Felix Tour, in Deurdi said he was just a plantl me and maize on the farm that it was clear that despite consistent.
Tor however, expressed fear that the nature of the rainfall can be affecting the crop-being of the crop.
He prayed the yield to the end in the end.
But Vis Targu, we have been clear to its 1,000 hectares of farmlands in the federal Unakation of Agriculture, in Aaking of Agriculture (FU), put on the rains to fall this year to plant maize.
Taryguon said one a breeder in the University has advised him to wait to start until May 20 to start its maize because of the production of the season because of the season has report that it has been able to fall on two weeks.
The chairman of the All of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Aond Sagukugu, described farming as business is worth.
Saaku said that farmers have seen it as business has taken the risk to return their crop without of their crop because of the risk of the end of the day.
Meanwhile, Draima Iororinen, seed specialist specialist in FUm, said farmers to be ahead of the farmers to plant plant financial crops as it depends on the prediction of the NI.
Ioror said that the period of farmers expecting farmers to wait, it would have been waiting for the prediction of NIMETEs on rainfall rainfall rainfall in Benue (NUs) without works, such as April 30, 2021 and April stabilise the state.
We can assure farmers now that rainy have stabilise, according to insistion that NIM.
Any who are different in a dry spell.
I have advised farmers to check water for the field in their field so that they can plant to plant crops.
Ricees like water, so far, have not been to plant it.
However, farmers can be taken and tubering now, including yams, cassava, maize and mell.
We believe that the rain is stabilise.
Senate in the Armyhief Chief Ahmed Chief Ahmed Gulak
The Senate, on Tueday, a minute to silence the honour of a former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, who was killed in the sun on the sun in Owerri, Imo State capital.
This is following a motion of Deputy President and chairman of the Senate on the Senate Constitutional Committee, Ovie Omo-Agege, in the floor of the Red Chambers.
Omo-Agege was to draw his colleagues of his colleagues to kill Gulaks killed by the lawmakers Gulaks assisted by amending the committee to assist the Nigerian people in the constitution.
Gulak was appointed as well as well to the committee and entered into the public hearing on the review of the 199 constitution.
However, the programme has ended on Thursday, Gulak stayed behind Sunday.
He was killed as a airport in Owerri on his way to Abuja.
Omo-Agege described as Nigerian who does not do somethimg about his best to the service of the country.
Also, on Tuesday, the Senate was urged the federal government to his late Chief of Army Staff, Gen.
The redmber is also observed one minute to take hoteru Loror Lorahirus, who died on Kaduna International Airport, who died on Kaduna International Airport.
This is a point of order by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Armys to matter, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIes/inile code: NAN has raised:S voices voices to thisenenenises of students by JAMBranches by
The Kaduna State Chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NAN) in Tuesday on Tuesday said thousands of candidates would not take part in the Joint Admis and Matriculation?
What is hitchched in NIes for NIes/Profile code.
NANs chairman in the stys, Axi Huz Huna Bello, in a statement yesterday, weu Bello issued this in Kaduna to the JAMa.
Bello is called on extension of the electronic registration because of them are risked to the life of students to travel to the headquarters of AbakBB in manuals in Dortmund.
He noted that during the bullets released on Monday with the titles of the 2021 UTME: Option of registration available for providing candidates for genuine candidates, noting the management has failed to have sorry for the face of the face.
He gave the prominent people to prevail on the management of JAMB to stop a harder to stop things in Nigeria as well as they want to get to get higher education and develop.
He urged the examination body to extend the registration periods and postponed to do and fairness.
