How they saw the dedi body of a civil officer of the grave officer in the grave.
The dead man of women who were working in Nigeria, Civil Defence Corps (NSC) have been able to find 18 month, which was seen in 18 month, was seen a cast a & Local Government Government Government Area of the state.
until the time was nodddd again, Josephine Cyntinegwu Onch, works for NSC.Eo.
Cynthia is that Idoma and Otukpo Isuk, just missing her marriages.
Some of her work that nobody wants us to write the name of her family members to report that their family could not find it in a few days.
Whatever she said, she would be able to buy things as she was prepared for her marriage, but she did not return home since.
One of the office of the office, who died as they wanted to find it, not to see that it was not seen until one of them were burryed with them.
The Sultan told the family that it was to be the boss to marry, to marry, as to be rotual for money.
After his llkada, the familys and security were arrested the man, the man to carry them into the bababa which was taken to the ritual of local government, before the South-West State.
After the police and his husband, his herbalist, the Otukpo, the family of the body was taken into the body where he was buried in the burial of June 1, 2021.
Mother or answer a message that was given to him on the top of the incident, DSP Caine Anine, who said the former police in the Benue had been able to join.
The spokesperson of the NSC.DCCC. Asckwu Mic-helikwu Mic, said ifever we were going to meet, he said when he said.
But a person in anru said the news of the dediordi had been putting sadness in the security people again.
In the review of the constitution: MURICU said sharing in the SouthWest), Christianity entered into Christianity.
The joined Muslim Recost has told the Penticostal Fellow Fellowship of Nigeria (P) to stop with the disproportionate avoiding Muslims, which is able to be able to mind them.
The director of MURIC, Professor Ior Akintola, said on Sunday.
He also said one afa warned the warn that PFNN should not use any group of the reviews constitution to take sharing the south-west.
PFN and other Christian partner knows that sharing in the south-westsianity into 1844.
It is being practiced as Edeiah in the Ede, during the time of obe, Abebbe (Abbebebebbe) and that are being able to be able to practice.
The sharmen in Ede courts in the 191313, in Agbeni in the town of the town.
It was taken to Agbo in 1914.
It was used to shariah at the time during the Obaian Lamuy (Mmade Lamude), who died in 1906.
Even though the nodddd svvn Aki of Ikiily Aliyu, who is obalele (U), 1912) has died in 1910.
All these instances that preaching has been spreading the Yorubaland, which is spreading Yland, and the christristian people, which is also roanians stoping in the Yanland, which they stopped unristristian law said.
He said PFN and some other christians joined in the south-lamic had been able to be in the southst, and fearing the giant to sleep,he said.
He said the christian was knew that sharing the right of Allah has been deployed to Muslims.
But they have determined that they would not allow Muslims to use Muslims, the new way them to use them.
It is in mind that there are wars that Muslims have been able to fight, and that nothing is bad for the war.
They use both good and bad and bad ways to do what they are doing.
They are calling on Nigeria people to understand the mentality of Christianity of the Christian people here.
According to him, there is a quick anger, beyond the attack, the only person, the only way to defend the defends.
According to them, they gained a colonial terrorists who reached a century that time, they wanted to keep all the things they could give them.
They have already been able to put on the taking of Muslims in colonial them, they chased them.
The joined one constitution review, said Nigerias people should write what they wanted to be in the constitution and come.
Each group should bring the things they need to come.
Instead of PFN told the collaboration of what the christians wanted to think, saying the christians should not ask them.
They wanted to block Muslims in the south, but it is not working.
He said the tolerance of religious tolerance in south, the tolerance of lie, saying, and the Yubaorubauba people, a Muslims were on a slaveryry.
Muslim people have been open to the regions, and they were openly asked for freedom.
We, am that they were forced to wear a christian uniform, to wear christian school, to be christians, to use christian law.
We wanted to improviah nodd people, but the sharings of marriages have been able to regulate and family  affiraira.
The thing is not a christians at all.
We are going to use all the way that will not fight, with law, to do the thing to do it.
stakeholder in Edo have said that Obaseki is a party.
As the People's Democratic Party of Edo State has a crisis of who control the party, member of the South of the party, Edo, has said the state would be the state tonwin Obaseki and its deputy, Philip Shaibuibuibuly good.
Edo PDP is inideniden as a communique issued at the end of the stakeholders meeting in Benin city, said Godwin Obaseki is a leader of the party in the state.
In the communique of the secretary, Wilvbuwam read, he said, We supported the harmonization and integration of new secessionists into the executive committee, saying the party should be welcomed by the state to welcome the party.
The police had been able to be arrested by the vigilantes in Abuja, even taking a guns.
The Police, who was arrested at the FCT have arrested eight suspected kidnappers in Shene-Twagwalada, Kababus village and Inumumi, axis of Abuja.
The spokesperson of the ASP Maryam Yusuf, who ASP Maryam Yusuf, said one sitting on Abuja, The suspect said the name of the suspect was said, Ibrahim Musa, Ibrahim Musa, and Haruna.
She said the suspect was a member of a syndicate of a syndicate of a syndicate of the Vice President of the Nigerian President who Association (NBA).
Gwagwalada branch, Barrister David Aigbefoh
She said the suspect was arrested during a suspect during a coordinated intelligence operation which was arrested by the police members of the command of Shenegugu mountains on the FCT and Niger State.
She said the suspect had been given a better informing on the things they had been able to do in the group
Yusuf said, The arrest was arrested by one Nwite Jideoin, who kidnapped from Forumumi area, said the suspect confessed that the suspects were beaten to colles from 5 million sister from his ransom.
She said some of the exhibited some of the arrest of the suspect was three than a guns, hitlas, a Honda Acddddd ck, two mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile phone, adding that she added the arrest of other groups would be taken to arrest.
She said the suspect would be investigated when the suspect would investigate welwels, while giving people who stay in FCT, especially parental children to draw down the crime.
Suarezzed strike, Atleticoian La Liga title
The goal of Luizz scored Suarez scored a Athletd beat Real Valladolidolid 2-1 on Saturday, he made another remarkable La Liga.
Suarezed the praying for the season of the season seek of Barcelona forced him to end, but the season would end 21st goal, About 21st Athletdico won the first victory since this year, then this won the victory ahead of Real Madrid ahead of Real Madrid.
Athletico knew that if they are going to win the trophy, he did not matter what happened in Villareal home.
But noddd that was the most comfortable, while Valladolid.
Real Madrid also pulled out of frononing Benzema came into the 87 minute and Lukas Modric scored late winner in Valde, a 2-1 winner in Valbebebebebebababa, which was still a long time for a long time for a small time to do not only for a long time without.
When their blows final on night, players run into the field, red-rtk of Surtz covering Suarez, seeking the title race which was unpltable occur.
Suarezled Zone
It was just more than one week.
coach the coach Simone Simone said, The Suarez zones became this.
and it proved to prove it as the Uruguay scored the Uruguay which kept the last week, which was scored on the last day for them to write a name for the trophy of trophy at the trophy of trophy.
This is the second time in 17 years in another team apart from Barcelona or Real Madrid, Real Madrid has won the league of A Athleti have still won the other underus against against again.
Athletico started the game, which was top table since December, and with them scored two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna,
But the thh thhing nodinging is not easy for the season, as they have 10 points in February, and the point to reduce 2 for 2 May, they were not able to rely on a table for Real Madrid and slililililililit.
So it was not surprised that if they faced Valladolid at 19ladolid,
There was a number of Athletico gathered on Vallad Plazaolid, singing to song, and more fan, the stadium where they left the stadium where they left with nodddddddddd
The killing of Gulak has also been accused of people to talk.
People were shouting and monurnitated in the sun-murn and brought to kill.
Ahmed Gullak, before the former advisers to former Peoples Goodluck Jonathan on politics, by people
It was gathered that Gulak was allegedly shooting on Obiangwu as he was trying to enter into the Mbakwe, Owerri, which was the capital of Owerri, Imo State, who wanted to enter Abuja.
It was yesterday on evening a funeral pareral pareral partenerer from Adamawa went in Abuja, while one was burry for Guduets in Guduetary around 8pm.
The police in Imo State said they have been killed at least six of the people who killed the All Progressives Congress (APC) after their fight.
A statement signed by the Police Public Relation Officer, SP Bala Elkana, said on 30, 2021, as the police had received a member of the Indigenes of Ahmed Gulak, had been forced to be killed by the police Response Response Team (Is), MoileIde Officer), SP Trump) and sending a LGA) for the uniting a LGA) headed by the uniting a LGA), LGA) headed on the unit,
DIre instruction given the team to getting the people to do the same, to face justice.
The motce of that was being killed by Gulak, who was killed in the Imo Police Police, on yesterday.
According to those who spoke, especially the driver of the mototototototo-toto, who were described to an airport, described the terrorists, which is described in jw.
They said, Toyota Camry, which is a silver color, which is a silver color of jiena, with serving as 1998, 1998 medel and golden.
Toyota Huxxxx, a white, and one Lex 330, mentioned gold.
(Dem nodd registration, because of the security matter.
According to them, the people who were being killed by the deader, and the kind car which led to the attack, they later asked the way to killer.
With some lead, the team later later established where the killer people were being killed.
The suspects were in Afgugugu Enyiogu, in the suspect, inside AnMba-Mbaise local government.
It is as the huge terrorists were able to ja.org which is able to be able to have been able to have them.
It was on the full full fully in the trailer from Northern Nigeria.
As they seen the police people, the terrorists were protected from fellow terrorists started shot in polics,
The gallant and one who has ready for battle.
The police officer was able to return with a gun against the police officer.
The six terrorists of ja. which led to the kill, and four other members of the group had serious injury.
They had kept three out of the four of the four mototototo champions.
Three47 rle, one pistols, five AK47 magazines which had 92 round the lives of live, charms and criminally were intercepted from them.
They identified the terrorists as a member of IPOB and ESNSNNT have been baned.
The driver who drives late Ahmed Gulak, and the victim who survived the dedi body of the IPOB/SNES â€œNNN who attacked them, and the phone was attacked by the same cars.
During the face of the face of the terrorists people, two armororororel ran into the police people who were able to take a gun against the city, but they were not against nodddding.
The video video which was made after the attacking showed that Gulak was jeaned, and a blue-rter, as a blue-rtin his own blood lost the cars.
It was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election which led to Hope Uzodin in a person who represented the party.
It was even said to close to the governor, visiting the state welwels.
Why is it in Owerri
Although Gulak was said that Gulak was visiting Owerri, Uwelding since Uzodin, the public hearing of a review of the city to the city.
According to the committee, Gulak was said, Gulaky sitting back when other member of the committee was left to the city of Friday.
Pesin, a close to Senator Orji Uzoralu, who is the chairman of the public hearing in Owerri, said, The deceased who offered the deceased whose deceased was lu said after Kalu said, but he refused to
According to the source, Kalu team, Kalu teams were left to the city of public hearing end, but Gulaks had already been able to do the city.
The source said that the day of Owerri, the day that the publilik heard, and we asked it to join us in our private ground, we had enough security with us.
But he said, It has some to do in the city.
Nigeria has knocked on FG, and other politics, the killing.
Nigerias who are in social media also put handed on food and polical leaders over the killing of the killing.
A resident, who spoke at the Facebook linked to Daily Trust published by Daily Trust published by Daily Trust published, Ifeanyi Maduako, said the death of Gulak was able to politics.
The killing of my mouth, welwel.
It is like that.
The killing will expose people to the security challenges in Imo State.
It was invited to come and why they would kill northerner in Imo State.
I was afraid of what would do innocent Imo people in the hands of the north of security people, so he wrote.
Another comment for the thread, Olurombi, Olurombi, Omoal Omoal Omoal Omoal Omoal report, said the police killing had proved to investigate them.
It is also the most important people to get an question tons of the police people.
In his own part, Comrent, Dr Ahmad wrote that the soul of innocent people are important than the scamAija, the scamAija.
We will not agree this illitacy, enof-of-ofof, peacemakers we are.
but do that pushes us to meet the wall of the city that we cannot continue with the peace.
I was sent to warning, we returned to retaliating and worst.
Buhari has failed to woefully, and we face the Imo police people to follow the terrorists.
According touwa also writes a wake up to the huge people in the north, herders, now held with the Fulani herders, now to turn to northern government officials, including politicians.
The Emma, who was a secretary of the IPOB, who joined the government to support the statement not linked to the IPOB to murder the murder of Gulak, said to kill the programme.
So, we said that the IPOB did not know any of the murder of the killed.
To, however, Gulak was taken with a threat to our mission that had been killed by the wars to kill him.
We don't have anythimg with him, and we did not kill him.
To be pointed on the hands of IPOB in this barbaric , just as the real people do it.
It was the same way to terrorist that wera security uniform init atrocities in the south east, and the IPOB had to come to the crime, sekkply that they wanted to avoid our reputation.
It has been a opport that has been looking for a long to take another military operations in the Eastern Region of Biafra's people.
Instead of curcuritying people for proper investigateing on the incident and things have been able to face the IPOBs noddddd
Does IPOB have the informing the movement of the movement of the late Gulaks to stop it in an airport?
The group urged the security people to investigate Gulak, who hosted Uzorin Uzdinmaent, and his political pponent, the group said if they had to establish.
Dos who murdered Gulaks will not escapement.
Presdodo, Muhammadu Buhari has said the people who were killed in some challenges in which he had been obodoing noddd, will not be free.
Presdodo, Buhari for a statement that in a statement, Garba Shehu, has expressed his outrageous murder and disgusted over the most murderous murder.
The president, who has showed that the incident to him, said: I am a repulled by gruesome murder of Gulaks untritated by poor, whose minited people who are detruubed to detruuuuling in the country, peace and unity of our country.
Let me warn that nobody or join one who is doing so that despicable things will expect to be free.
We will use all that we have to see people that these kinds of calities are able to face justice.
Akerolu said the killing of killing was unacceptable.
Governor in Ondo State, Olroti &watiment, described the killing of the shock and disturbing.
In a statement signed by the Governor Governor, he said this is a murderer than many people, the very senseless and wicked.
The people who do this bad is a enemy of the country.
The corner-cornernernernership is to mislead and destroy.
He had the unmistableakable, despicable imprints of fifthistsists became the country on the path of conflagation.
They must not allow this criminal to succeed.
We wanted to use this medium to tell our brother, Governor of Imo State, Hopedinmay with him with him.
We encourage him and other Governor them in South Eastern states to brace up, to confront the security challenges facing the end of bloodbabath in the lana.
The enemy of the people are always use of weapons of fearing thisaffection.
The coward was to act instigated Nigeria to face each other, northerners for Igbos, from Igbo Igbo Igbos who lived outside the South East East.
We must face the enemy of the people, to see that we are going to hand.
This is not a time to argue that being politics.
We are not supposed to allow band to leave the legitimacy of this government for all levels.
We are calling on all the security people to kolabobobobobos shows the criminal, which sponsors the terorististist, which is teroristist.
They must be treated to punish them.
Fintiri's moururn.
The Governor in Adamawa State, that Umar Fintiri's Ahmadu Fintiri has said the way Gulak was killed by a former speaker in Adamawa State.
Governor Fintiri's death is very painful, how wicked people take the end of wicked, he said.
Governor Fintiri said Gulak was anty man withty, determined, and politicians who are practical, being able to rise, as a result of his rise, he said.
It is very unfortunate that the death has kept us.
Ahmed Gulak Gulak was killed in the day of gruesome manner.
Gulak was a lives of political, which followed all the work, and I always had the interests of the country in his minds.
According to him, Governor, Governor, Governor Ahmadu Umaru Fintiri's brother, said the ment was, and seeks of law, and seeking a human fight.
Madagali community has a better son son.
In a statement signed by the Chief Pres Secretary, Pres Hucshi Wanisonisos, yesterday, the governor said we have been able loss of a strong person to fight for human rights.
We all remember how passionate he fight for the people whose terrorists have been sent to house, and people whose means not only means.
ACFF told the killing.
Arew Consultative Forum (FF) killing of Gulaks killing, said it was a big loss for the country.
The ACF for a statement that the nationality secretary, Yawe, Yawe, said the killing of Gulaks were described as a statement, as a resident, as a scientists, as well, among those who left anracked statement.
If you like it, or you are not like you, your business is that.
May God blessed and blessed his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to cope with the loss.
The killing was part of the plan to ensure coup, which happened in 1966 CNGG.
The coalition of the North-CNNG) described the killing of northern politicians Ahmed Gulak, who was before a former dealers to presso Goodluck Jonathan, which has been able to attack the attack, and all the attack the police of Nigeria, which had taken to date.
The CNggin in a statement signed by Abdul-Azeez Suleiman signing but is the reason of the country or part of the country may not live alongside the violent way, as they said the Indigenous People of Biafra, the Indigenous People of the proscribed Indigenous People of Biafra, and other society.
Westhamed to be able to reach a top-four against how they lost to.
Wests hope to reach to the top-four have been suspended against Hanston who was hoped to enter into the European league on Sunday.
The goal in Caiver-Lewin scored in the 24th minute of their game showed to win Westhamed to win Westhamor, which has been taken to scored in the afternoon.
The while Westhamed to equalize the Vladmal Copiral Cofal barps and Jerron Bowon Bow could not hit the post upon his goal.
People who support to support the Vice-electii Osibajo has showed that he is still taking his back as a presidential candidate for the election to be the election.
Osimba said he was not saying that he did not want to be president.
Vice President, Osinba, said all the little said he had to be minded to be presidential Election of 2023 Presidential Election.
Torily, Osinba, Osbajoin, the posted on the land.
Laoluolu Akande, a Vice-elect said the Vice-elect said, The Vice-elect declares his interests to be president on Monday.
The Vice-elect office has put their eyes on one webite body.
supporting Nigerias people to be called on various groups to join various groupss in Yemi, Osi Osiba, Osba, ready for the 2023 elections.
Details of the website and how they have been begging for fully in fact, the fact that Osinjoying has declared an interest in the 2023 elections.
The vice president of the office had noynets with the group or the website that is being distractioned by the whole thing that is not necessary.
Prof Osinjo never said he wants to be the president of the 2023 election, and he is focusing on the current presidents to face the current administration to face the country.
The statement said, We are asked our people to stop all the challenges, to face the challenges we face, as Nigerias people to do our people, to do well in our land.
Ndidi and Ndidi have made Nigeria proud again in Leicester City in Leicester City playing as the country shows off, as it is a team to win FA Cup.
NFF has congratulated Ndidi in the FA Cup for Leicester City
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NF)
Mr Ama Melvin Pinnick, sent messges for congratulations Super Eagles Super Eagles Ndidi and Forward Kelechie Iheanacho for their city against Leicester City against Chelsea againstse people on Saturday.
FA Cup final for England
The two of them were marching at Wembley and celebrated during the march with Nigeria flag with Nigeria as they joined the list of other Nigerian Players who had been taken to the England Cup.
I am very happy in Ndidi and Iheanacho.
They are working in Leicester City throughout the campaign throughout the campaign and their team deserved.
I believe that this win will work as a high morale in the city of the friendly marched to this summer and FIFA World Cup started in September.
I am also happy with the Nigeria Flag laging two of them during everythimg.
That is awesomesome.
Ndidi and Ndidi come the second pair of people from Nigeria who celebrated FA Cup wins in England, which was held after Nwakkk Ports and John Utakas in Port against 2008.
Before that time, Daniel Amok had won a win at the Mastertontontons; Celes Babayaro also in Chelsea for Chelsea, 2002, 2000 in the year 2002, Akwa C07.
After the 2018/Utaka, 2008, John Mikel Obil Obil Owobi for Chelsea, 2012, Iwobi in 2017, Iwnfies of Moses in 2018.
When I was the Federal Government College College College of Enugu 70s, a training I am training to transport me from Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokovic's warm up at Roland Garros with Belsgrade title.
Novjok Djokovic has completed his warm-up with success in Rolandslands when he beaten Slovakian 6-4, 6-4, 6-3 on Saturday for the final of the Clay at Bellas.
This was the second event in the city of the city in the city of over a month, which is not a Serbia Open, which happened on April which the stadium has been.
Djokovic said he had been played for the people in the front, Belgrade writer, who lost the semifinals in Serbia Open, 2011 he won him last last
The herders-farmer-farmer, has been turned to face the news for the every day.
To end Nigeria, herders-farmer, Dimer Plans: The Livestock
Nigeria and federal government is struggled to implement a National Livestock Transformation Plans that control cattle throughoutout the country will be turned to farmers and farmers to fight.
Many state government has endorseed it, but there are some challenges some challenges.
Political leadership of the absence of theception of his purpose that noorre-traint of increase because of the COVID-19 pandemic, experts, experts who are not to do the work to do every work, with the progress of insecurity and progress.
If the plan will fail as well as the other plans to livestock management, the farmer and herders fight to increase.
National Economic Council on January 2019, the plan is to represent the effort to examine the livestock system of livestock system that is not work.
The main main part of the strategy is to control where there is a problem, so they can reduce the fight between herders and farmers.
The movement has hoped that after 10 years,herders with up up and down mainly getting their cattle to put their cattle in ranche and opposition for public farms, where breeding other farms, where breeding mestock farms and other management to produce the sector to produce.
By the time the time of 2028 will end its authority, the authority had built on 119, which is involved in all the state which should be involved in order to create two million jobss of the livestock production, and processing.
President Muhammadu Buhari has made its plan after a period where herders and farmers were fighting, the fight, partyscilarly when the fight to âhettototototototo
The Federal Government government has a able to drop money like 80 percent of the Transformation proposal which is submitted, submit to the first step to include the first step to include technical support, which will prepare for the state to prepare for the ppal site, and ppurveurveture of the field site.
Many State have reacted to reactivately grazincate, open office and open office, they are open up to the plan to manage the plan.
The authority has been able to workshops and other works to teach people the benefits of livestock reforms.
As two years, the 10-year--year--year-old plan not to build any ranch and their ranchles many.
opposition from the herders, though, were from the Fulani people, with the Fulani, and it also comes among the farmers who wanted to be the past to enjoy the plans of the goal of the efforts of how it is also promoting efforts.
This Distruses have many of the Middle belts, herders and herders, were so many because of land, land even though peaceaking and effort that has reduced the military to reduce the blood.
Shortage has been the federal and state government budgeted, very part of the economy because of the pandemic, and because the country has technical experts which know how to manage them to manage the ranche and grazzin the ranches.
In many states, especially in the North-West, the way the criminal gang and group has grown to access access access to agricultural reserves, to invest with people who want to stay again.
unless they do not do something about it, such as other ones can be delayed or to avert the plan to helpless the country when the fight between farmers and herders seriously come between ethnic groups, which may be able to turn between ethnic groups and religion, and religions.
To tackle these problems, the Federal and the Federal States to join the efforts of efforts to investors, with investors and investors.
First, let Abuja and other states that supported political leadership with the increase of their communication, making their communication with public communication, so that they could not be able to prevent others.
This is common than common ministerss of their sidealists, who ask them to change their life-maic life with their people in cent, which has also been able to have serious doubts about pasture, which the plans of deure is.
But many farmers are fearing that they would lose their land with people livingstock.
Many people in the middle- Belt and other states in the South still suspected the plan goal-term goals, which was seen as an opportunity for herders and the Fulani people.
Wite the support of Abuja and other partners, state governments must find people to be a expert of technical aspects, especially as ranches, especially managed to manage the ranchzzzic and grazencery processing.
Let the Federal and State Government also increase their budgets for the plan, released the funding and create financial transparency to make sure account, to be able to ensure account, to have investors.
It is also important to deal with withinseities that are in the rural area, to curbbity and to rehlitate, to rehlitate the fight for the states of the states who participate.
Authororities will also consider a plant to change, herders from other countries to decide whether to benefit from the plan and also benefit from the plan.
As some of this step will take time, the people who plan is focused on how it can be successful, which people can be able to see in a small time.
less than two years from now, the country would hold the general election.
If the plan is to survive the change of government that, Politians will be bof-of that it have benefited (Chan) has certain, as President Buhari and many state has not served into charge against two term.
By the time of the cliliaign in the election has been very hotging in 2022 end, the able plan to show some of the ranchs, the ranchs, ranchs has been deployed to investing and services of professional members of professional items.
Noth in this thing is easy but the plans is worth the effort.
No one is the perfect, but it brings a chance that the chance to change Nigerias livestock system with some herders and other-scale farmers needs.
About 70 percent people who work in Nigeria are money from Agriculture.
To overcome the Lives sector will boost the country to the country and in the same time, it is a big way to solve one of Nigerias dangerous.
According to the 2023 election, both and the federal government would be able to do so so, to see what they do, not do, not work to create this moment of the opportunity to prevent such.
This is an executive sum of the report on top of the National Livestock Transformation Plans (TP) and how their work and how their work, International Cnternational Crisis Group published.
The problem I had to have with the king.
Are you ?
They are also responsible for the very high proportions of food and crop production.
Resistenceenceence, the smallholders, with the majority of their farms, have been able to participate as holy commercial, which is not actively participated in a variety of agriculturt of agriculture.
no energy for me was not happy about me.
I have done it.
This brings me conclusion that everybody is evil.
They have been characterised this system that it is complex, complex and riskes-prones.
We are able to do so, they do not do under the tradidal or informal tenure, and marginal environment-prone environments.
Yhads have lowd and farmers have been lacking the capacity which will increase yields.
We said to life and prosperity for this day.
waya yourza
The emphasis on agricultural productivity, enhancement and commercialising farming as an enterprise.
i knew every-vrie
Aksos and his friends sit-down on.
The yield yields that the smallholder farmers are profitable.
You are.
these challenges has led to many smallholder farmers , to pursue livelihood-atriskly and lower-ielding agricultural activities.
You are withch?
I was in my road to sboboboboay and buy foods.
I should call my father.
As developing countries grows larger, richer, richer and more urban, the intenification of agricultural production will occur in rapidly changing agricultural value chain.
It was a far away what was able to do.
This development is called the competitive advantage away from the petty farmers.
It is important for us to find a solution to the problem.
This will require an interggrated approach of opposition.
The loan shars in the loan, has been in his neck.
This is a problem.
I was assigned to do where I was assigned to work.
The water has brought out the whole farm.
farmers many battles for 2020.
For many farmers and other stakeholders in the agro-sector, the year 2020 would be able to remain as one of the history of Nigeria because it introduced new dynamics of new as millions of smallholder farmers to contend.
Many challenges confronting the agricultural sector in the issues of the climate change-related climate changes and the compications which has exacerbate from the global COVID-19 pandemic, which bringing heart to farmers and heartbreak.
first, the COVID-19 lockdown and restrictions happen in the time for dry season, farmers should be harvested and wet season to be cultivation of cultivation.
Many farmers cannot go to their farms while others who have a labourer to harvest their farms since Ichanization are huge challenge and harvesting.
They have introduced the movement to curb the spread of the coronavirus locked by the countrys markets which has disrupted the rural economy.
Many farmers cannot sell their produce to enable them to buy seed and fertiliser, pay labourers/tractor services.
even when they lifted the lockdown in the agricultural sector, the price of fertiliser so many smallholders have not been able to be affordable to it.
In some place of the prices of N13,000 to N13,000 for a bag of Atdo and Nodor Ureaor.
NPK 15-15-15 have rise to N25,000 of the federal government by the federal government of N20,000-10-10 to be under the presidential programme, which should sold in N5000 per cent of farmers for the rise in N7-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15.
In a farmer, Zamfara, Katsina, the southern kaduna, some parts of cbbid and soko states, bandits, who denied them not only to access their farms but also men were also killed in their farms.
They were razed by many farming communities.
They kidnapped and demands ransom.
Many paid large large number of money or surrendered a large number of their harvest in the bandits.
Many villages in those states have been addressed.
The agric sector has witnessed one of the worst disasters when one of the worst disaster for 450,000 hectares of rice hectares that are estimated at N35 billion at N3
Many of the farmers who affected yet to submit as their livelihood has destroyed as they destroyed.
The flood-pruyyy over the 2012, Decc across most of Nigeria's coastal and flood-prone areas where people were washed away and washed away away.
meanwhile, as the floodvying pain for farmers in the North, drought confronting farmers with farmers who are confronted down the south.
In two months, farmers did not get joy but watch as their investments in their crop wither away.
This is noguise.
another subsector that the poultry was poultry and feeds.
The scarcity of maize in the commencement of the starting price, the increase.
It has also forced poultry associations in Nigeria to save our souls to the federal government for urgenttention.
The federal government has responded to the appeal and released 5,000 metric tons of maize from the nations strategic peaches in addition to farmers in addition to grant some of the big players to use about 222 metric tons of maize tons of the feed industry.
However, this was just a short-term solution because three months three months, the scarcity of soyaalian struck struck struck farmers, this should express their fear that by january 2021, the industry will shut down again.
The scarcity of a serious crisis in the industry as high recorded in its history, as it is rise from N5,500 to about N5,500 to N5,500 of N5,500
The poultry industry has lost an estimate of an estimate of N7 million jobs with a figure to 10 million by january 2021 where they estimated the loss for investments, the loss of N1.51.5 trillion.
while the poultry farmers are still struggling with the challenges with the mare sector, the crop despite the daunting challenges confronting the 2020 farming year, which has buying to eventually harvest to purchase their farms before giving to purchase peoples.
This was the first time when the price of pests refused to come down the harvest, while sparkk fears of hunger, loom and called a call to re-open, which to enable them to infl products for the country through the country.
The name of the universe is strong tower.
3,000 youths from the NALDA's farm for Ebonyi
The National Agricultural Land Development FC (NALDA) has said the agency to engage at least 3,000 youths in Ebonyi State for his proposed estate estate for the state.
The intergrated farm estate will be complete and commissioned by October this year.
The executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, who announced that the proposed integrated farm estate would be established in 104 hectares of land in the state government.
Prince Philips also in Ebonyi State for a court visiting visits to the governor on Monday, Engrhi and said they would be completed the intergrated farm in October 2021.
This is the mandate of Mr President, saying we should reactivate to develop new farms and develop new ones in the security.
The Governor of Ebonyi State are eager.
He was total support of achieving his dreams.
So, Ebonyi state has committed to work with the NALDA to engage the teeming youths into full agricultural productivity.
We have seen that the governor has key into Mr Presidents agenda which is key to achieving food security in the country.
We were established an intergrated farm in Ebonyi State as we were doing it in other states.
The scheme will engage Nigerias in Nigeria and to draw their attention to agriculture.
From Jude Owumanaam (Owerri), Isa Timiqoh (Kaduna), Oola Oolakkure), Abdullateteteteteteteteteteiyi, Munyis, Abbas Isatus, I
News Presdodo in Niger Republic has eated hand of terrorists eye on crime which they were able to commit.
Niger Republic grew Presdo Mohamed Bazum has put on terrorists in the terrorists who are not limited after the taking of the power in the country to face two jihadists.
Byumumo said the groups were killed as many innocent people, and by that, there are real crimes being committed to be committed.
He said the leaders of the groups came from other countries, saying they were able to attack Niger in nothing.
He said no terrorist has no leader has been able to have any non-exited leaders.
Byumumo-year-old, the elected elected for two rounds in December and feruary.
right handed by Mahamaou Isoufoufous, 68, for his step after his two veyath term in office.
This is in inauguart in the first time which elected leaders taking the hands of almost 60 years in Niger history for over 60 years of 60 years in the attack, but the attacking of a press plan to coguart the marking mark the mark.
Niger were persecuted to be close to Alecta-qabeda or Islami State (IS), which was entered into an Lonananaas, and Mali Bokoamia in southeast.
It is more than 300 people who have been killed in the attacks for three attacks in the year, since the year we began.
The recent in the recent years, when the member of the Tuare, in Tahouou, in Tahoua had been deserted by Mali.
Byumo said the efforts of Niger Rebuplic under itlicsic under the Managing Mali.
He said the current situation in Mali has a direct impact on security in the country.
In hisurgents that has been linked to IS are based on Men and Gaaaostern Mali and central Mali as Bazoumum has said.
He said to fight against the very difficulty very long as a country is not fully over the region of the region.
In the early hours of Wednesday, after a shooting shot a gun nearby nearby Niam, the government said the coup had been able to do.
It described the act as a act of a coward and reggressive view to democracy and the law of the law.
It was four coups of the country in West Africa had suffered in the recent than the recent than the recent than 2010, and he left Presodott Tja.
Google said they could be asked from Australia.
Gogleggle has taken threat to Australia that the search for an engine in the country, as the country has asked them to share with the gain of the published news.
The first of the law that was the first of its kind of cannabi to Google, Facebook, and other tech-led companies to pay people to the contents of the contents of the content.
But the firm firm firm in the US had been warned that they could leave service in the country.
boss Prime Minister in Australia, who Karison said the lamakers would not listen to any threat.
Although it is not one of the big place where the Googles the market, these codes are proposed to be able to be able to take the global tests of the government.
This code for Australia to tie Google Facebook, to negotiate with publishers over the worth of them if they cannot get in the starting.
The Managing Director of Google inscle Australia, Melva, told a Senate sitting on Friday that the law would not work.
She said if they are more than this kind of the code to become a law, Googlele the choice to leave the Australian in Australia.
But lawmakers attacked him, said it was blackmail and bulgle Google to do so in Australiaing reforms.
It would be to rechch out of the world.
Are you going tot in every market, you will leave ?
Senator Rex Patrick asked shey to stop the precedences?
Silva said the code for ten-conva was risked to be over the operation of Australian in Australia.
Morrison said the government is committed to the law through parliament this year.
Let me address it clear: I am clear: It's rule in Australian in Australia.
It was in our parliament we were doing that, as his telling news on Friday.
Why is Australian a huge law ?
Google is its searching for an engine in Australia, and the government has described as essentially not only any competition.
The government arguments is that bkos the giant of customers, among people who wanted to read the news, to pay good news to the newsroom for them.
In addition, they argued that the financial support is necessary or it should be necessary to be the industrys strong media vital to democracy.
Accords with what government said, printed media in Australia has suffered 75 per cent of money since 2005.
It was a thremle that Googlele said the entire cannabis would be removed in ancient engine.
The lawmaker said that the news was account for 1,000 per cent of the search for people to Google in Australia.
Poultry farmers have been begging for importing maize and oils, soya bean meals.
Dr. Olalekan Oduns General Secretary in South West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN) has called the government (PAN) for facilitating animal animal animal and soya, as well.
Odunsi said the importation of the poultry business could save the poultry business from
He said the importation of feed maize to sustain the over 500 million projects, 100 million broilers, 1 million breeders and other classs until next harvest.
He also urged government to say, for the main time, not to export soya bean meals and soya bean meals that they have been allowed.
He said governors in the region of the region to puu effort for the production of maize as the production of rice.
Odunsi puts mouth that maize farmers, soya bean farmers and the need for Nigeria needs to make collabo to take work.
He said if the government did not intervene, and his priceless price of maize and soyaya bean poultry jobs if the government did not do it.
Today, it is a 210,000/210,000/ming sold in most state in the South West, soy, 240,000/MT.
While the two item took to the price, the poultry feed just increaese from N200 to N300000 to N200,000 to N450 to N40,000 to N5.
In December, most farmer, there could sellers bkosers bkos of the cost of production what Nigeria could buying.
At the moment, egg is more than what average person can buy, the price is around 1,300.
So we really need government to save the remaining ten million jobs in the poultry value chain in the economy.
As he takes
They suspends support for the APC
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has suspended the member of house of house of the Repative constituency representing Kaure constituency in Jigawa State, Muhammadudaji Gudabafa in six month.
In addition, there have been a form of seven members to probe cases of the allegations ofs inssurationation that were charged to charge the members of ten days.
Mydd headed by the committee, Sanusi Kaure was secretary.
For the leta) suspended the lawmaker, the chairmen in the local government, claimed that as to suspend Gudajiji, that he has been suspended, conituents of Kaures started there, local government started hand.
Our correspondent reported that the lawmaker suspended the lawmaker was accused because he criticised the governor, the governor would change the candidate to the candidate of the people who wanted to be chaos and councilalal as they voted.
Serenana has cruised more than Pigatoing in Parma.
Serena Williams are brushed aside the challenge of local teenager Pigato in the opening round of the WTA tournament in Parma in Monday Monday.
William, Williams of the world was beaten in the world, beaten Pigatoed 572 and which made her WTA-3, 6-3, in the first meeting between the two of the two of them.
How North-Central willvs to open grazing bans from South leaders.
According to the open grazing controversy over the public main, the Southern governor, hit it with a ban in Asaba, the president Farmers Association of Nigeria (FAN) Association of All Progressives Congress (C) All Progressives Congress (C) have examineral) in the North State, Hon.
Recently, the governor in Southern state was met in Asaba, Delta State, and the ban open grazing to the farmers-herders including other forms of criminality.
What is your taking on the controversy that this decision generate?
Every human has a right on action and opinion.
But the most important thing is that you take your own action, you know that you are consequences.
You should consider the advantage and this advantageage.
I didn't be one of those who will say good or bad.
As a Nigerian, you are your right and libers to live in any country with the good faith and enjoy the freedom of association.
For this basis, I will not tell you that is good.
But as a leader of North Central, I will say that it is good, especially in the North central zone, as the potential for us and the nation.
The ban is a advantage to us.
We need to tape it and see how to be really venture and make money from it.
Luckiy for us, we have a landmass of a land that is enough to accommodate the herders, nod troops from the South.
What is an open position of open grazing ?
I didn't be one of the peoples supporting grazing.
I believe more in ranching, because it is what I do.
I believe that if we began to do ranching, it would work out for us.
Let the governors of the North Central programme on ranching.
This kind of moves can not be able to Central the cattle, where people can be able to buy such products and some of allied products.
It will be able to become a means of economic empowerment, north in central people.
We have the land that southern states could not have.
See Kogi, Niger, Kwara, other states including other states.
We are able to give the herders, and ranches, to be our own advantage.
The challenges in the Fulani herders were not due to adopt ranching.
The problem is that they dont really teache them on advantage.
They cultures are notdicic.
According tosult, they need good education to accept ranching.
We can also adopt the method of Kenya, whose family, cattle, but you can also see open grazing, cattle as cattle.
That was what the southern governor said.
The governor did not show them where they were able to belong in this regard.
They are not calling on ranching to the federal government for the federal government.
They are said, the herders who have become a problem for us, and let them go.
They said herders who were asked to apply a land, said her is a personal business.
However, she asked people to apply the land like herders, while herders ?
As one of the spokesperson, especially youth, especially in agriculture and value chain, why are some government policies not really work, what is the way out?
First, nobody has touched his administration to touch the lives of an individual like one of President Muhammadu Buhari, which could sit on your house withoutout the facility and you will get it.
Also, some credit for COVID-19 loans is called on loan.
Many Nigerian people have collected the loan for thousands of thousands of naira from inside the house without home without home offices.
Also, with them have expanded some SMMEs, the Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOA) and the remaining remaining.
The challenge is that, we have two sides, do not believe your beliefs and do not believe.
So, in the do not have no believe in the administration of Buhari, not benefited.
But, for us believe in Buhari, we are benefiting and thanked by godly godly.
Kidnappers were killed, with 13 people in Nasarawa.
Kidnappers have killed Adamu, and they had taken 13-Abakafa nearly Sh-Abakmaisha in the Toto Local Government Government Council of Nasarawa State.
Daily Trust gathered that the shooting shooting was shooting for three times in hisbdom and his die-pmen, around 9 pm, where his university could be killed.
Another driver who ended the attack by Saidu said the attacking attacks on 5pm, the incident happened by the kidnappers, when many kidnappers came into the Flagigums from four plagigya came from the Ugya came out of villages.
According to him, the kidnappers followed the lay the vehicle and shot guns for motototo-to-ya entered Aba, Ugya entered Aba.
He said the kidnappers were surrounded by the vehicle after a vehicle against driver loss at the bush.
A woman was taken to 13 - old woman who had been very old in the bush and was taken to them.
In fact, you are going to drive behind the four mototototo, God saved me for one of the village.
While I was coming to him, I heard that a gun was shooting, I was turned back to.
The Ohegegye of Opanda-U-Umaisha the Royal Majesty (H), Ahmed Abdullahi, said some bandits who remained in the in the inest of kidnapping of travelers and some farmer, residents in the area of the area.
He said some bandit them still and were still able to do terror in the community, saying and federal government to collaborate a flush office.
According to the spokesperson of the Nasarawa State, the Nasarawa State, ASP Ramhan has said the ASP Ramhan has not been asked to beyond the latest, kidnap incident, he said, he said.
It has been arrested to arrest one another in Britain.
The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of one Victor Ebhomeny for his drive to one of Four Points, On Lagos State.
It was said that Ebhomenyen also assaulted and caused severe injury for ASP Erhat Sunday at Four Point Point, Lagos.
This was in a statement in Lagos Command of Lagos Command, Olumuiwa Adejobi, Olumuy, CSP Olumuy, in the statement of Lagos Command, Olumuy .
He said the command thnikikikikikh set the record of straught concern, he said.
The incident, who was recorded in the video where there was a social media came to viralral on Saturday 17.
He said two men, ASP Erhator Sunday, officer whose duty was created in the road, and create scenes at On On On On On October, Victoria, Lagos State.
Adejobi said the prime suspect, Victor, has entered the police net in State Investigations Panti, in investigation and prosecution as due to.
He said the command has made efforts to arrest the person who dos the effort to do so, which is the tinosa.
Gbajabiamila has been welcomed as Ayade take this defect as PDP urged members to stay.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Rep. Femi Gbajabiamila, has showed that it is happy as the Governor of Transportation, Prof Ade Adede Adedede, take the defe All Progressives Congress (APC) to open its party.
Gbajabiamila was in a statement on Thursday in the Special Adviser of Media and Publicity, Lanre Lasisi, said what is what is the best to beat in the country.
The Speaker said the Cross State governor had taken the kept the kept of decision and has showed better example for them.
He said the ruling party remained open in all, he called Nigerians Nigerians to join the APC to move the country forward.
The Speaker said the APC will continue to be on and fair to all its members.
Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), while reacting to the defe Ayade, urged Afect , and urged member of 1915 to stay.
In a statment of the party said the party, Kola Ologbondiyan, our party is called on all critical stakeholders and teeming member of our partys in Crossing Rivers State to pull out and ensure that all our party in the state remained in the state.
The PDP wishes Governor Ayade well in his new political political talks as well as his future endeavours.
The in theen Billic Billoms Bill National Assembly wanted to be relevant to the fight against corruption, Buhari was doing.
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria on Wednesday 19th
May 2021 in the House of Representatives and Tuesday.
March 2021 on the Senate made history when the governor, the Chartered Institute of Forensicsic and Investative Professionals of Nigeria, 2021 (BBB.
791 after reading the Third Time of both both Chambers of both Chambers (SATEEEF OFF PFPE).
This act is a clear demonstration of the patriotism and direct response of the National Assembly, which led to the target and strengthening and re-invitrating nationals in the fight against the fight against corruption, among our country, which has bweled to welcome our neighbouring our country.
According to this bill, the 9th Assembly under the combinedd and able leadership of His Excellency, Ibrahim Lawan, PhDh, CON PON, COMDja has also shown that they have been able to take on the commencement of the 1999 Constitution, as it take on the product for the Nigeria.
And this also attests to the fact that the National Assembly has waked to the performance of their armss in the fight against the fight against corruption.
It is happy with gratitude of gratitude that I wrote this, which has been able to put together as a platform for us to let Nigerians and let Nigerians know what the entire world know the Chartered Institute of Inens and Instigative and In Professionalsigative, we are in ordered to bringing affairs to bring on the countrys existence and in order to all other ways of all other ways, which they are in order to its
After the Senate of the Senate, and in viewing the view of Legral Leture, the House of Representatives of Representatives, the House of Representatives of Representatives, we always are ready and resiliing the able leadership of His Excellency.
Femi Gbajabiamila, who is the Hon.
The speaker also spoke with them, and he was on on Wednesday 19th May 19, 2021.
As you have heard before the Billi who was established to establish the Chartered Institute of Forensicsic and Invelative Professionals of Nigeria (CIF) has been among the billn of the National Assembly.
The sad thing is that people should be able to put up with mouth to the fight against corruptly attack in Nigerias bill, have been turned to enemy in common serving.
Gudd thing is not good, for themselves, as it is not a very bad .
No matter, as it takes time to be able to prevailing over bads, just as the light-netion and unstantquenttiontionable.
It is important that we should see a small of how it happened to the National Assembly.
It is interested in the Chartered Institute of Forensics and Inteigative Professionals of Nigeria (E) Billst 2021 (CIF) is the first than 1th Senate, Senate, able to see it off the day of March 2021, but that there will not have not been able to seeing a able to do not go into which is not see.
It is very important for public know that the public know that (CIFIP) is not just any noble body but a new one for Nigeria to target the bridges for long in the long long time for for the long time for the space of space.
Today, the walking to get a standard of body to the practice of the practice of Nigeriansicsics in Nigeria for its peak and peak, to ensure the few anti-goion body that can intend to sbotage this step.
These bills that National Assembly has shown that they are demonstrated that patriotic and the need to strengthen a national efforts against corruption, which has been blocked in all aspect of our lives.
This is better step in in legislation , which of the two Chambers of the National Assembly takes, historic and growth at a time of Nigeria to welcome legislation.
that will give a better way for its anti-corruption drive as the spate of criminal and corrupt rise across the globe.
As we all know, crime has taken another level as a technology for 21st century.
Therefore, as they are passing on a bill that happens for better time, including shows that we have flexible and resppiveive legislation to the same thing, they know the world, and they are able to meet it to meet legislation.
Let us also say the journey withinin the bill of the bill to be in turning the law, started as the 8th National Assembly, where there is the current National Assembly, CONDhP.
At betterinin, when we introduced our bill in the two chambers during the 8th Assembly, they did not hear which they heard everythimg within the ground alongside.
Thereafter, and on that taking sides, the stakeholders were being made by Institute of Chatereded Account of Nigeria (IF) led by the National Assembly, with the National Assembly, with a view of view of interest in the fight against corruption and the fight against corruption against corruption.
Afterward, the bill given the employer to Presido, to put hand in hand, but never put up to hand the 8th Assembly in June.
It was on this streging the bill of a 9thcked for the 9th National Assembly, Distinguished Senator A.
We are pushed to this clarification in order to clear the air on cheaprs of propaganda which is distracted by which the 8th Assembly has rejections our bill.
Also, we should mention the fact that our bills with abother bill are similar that they are just introduced in both the Senate and House of Represtative Chambers.
This bill bill, as we scrututize them with closer, we discovered that our minds and the thing that our bill stands for.
We should hear that it was not introduced any of the bills in the 8th Assembly, only our bill.
As such, we are the first to carry on a bill that gets like this (Foric).
As we have seen that it is very urgent to establish the great Institute of great Institute.
They took the decision to establish the Institute of the Institute of the Institute of the Institute and how to operate in other growth and how they had helped crime detectionion, investigation and prosecution.
It is part of instruction to know that our Institute has been since 2009.
And over the years, we have over the years, we have trained professionals to struck sciencesic organisations, targeted at culcacaca culca ravagant the reafe skills in the pragmatics, with management of investigation and management and management and management and management and management
It can take for fore analysis of material misstatement, which is the errors or fraud; insectpripprint-signature analysis; digitalenics, digitalens and cybers, security exercised in the anti-corruption of compliance; global investigation, and anti-coralononononononononononononononion, which supporting, anti-off, which
You will be able to follow me in the obo world that we are in today, the normal way, the normal way, on which we want to stop something.
As such as a country, we should be able to do something something something something in this matter, it depends on global innovations and new innovations, which are able to take the fight for corruption.
This is a way to establish this Institute of this Institute that is the relevant to the anti-corruption programmes of this administration.
I was not too too for me to talk about everythimg of the bill here.
However, I want you to allow me to mention a few of what they will do, for the purpose of this ?
Let us establish in the Chartered Institute of Forensics and Intigative Professionals in Nigeria, to develop a professional field and professional for the specialised field, with a professional certification and professional certification who will give a lot of technology to detect science and huge investigation.
To provide the platforms to train and retrains of people who want to become professional for professionals to use inensicic Science and Technology tools techniques, to investigate both public and private sector of the economy, as well as well as well as the economy.
To promote high standards, itics and ethics and etains among people who do the, in a bid to cut a fraudululllism, as well as well as well-chanism in preventionionion, as acquisition.
To take the huge vacuum which existed in our normal system of investigation with the introduction of a unique operation of a unique operation of a unique operation to helping the country from unending industrial exchange for foreign exchange to hire his foreign exchange to do the investigation.
To develop silver-based mechanism and training programmes to cut across all the stratatatatatatataving, invving professionals as Cririliters, Crin Officers, Judial Officer, Cficomous Officers, Recon Officers, and C.
This will enhance a enhance effective effective effective as these cases of cases as it takes on globally, and
To take enhance anti-fraud mechanism for Nigeria, through the provision of a legal framework of professional development and discipline inensicsic professionals, among Nigeria, among others.
From the foregoing, he has showed that the role of this Institute, the strategic and important important.
It is also important to say that inen science, which is very wide and most others involved, to be effective and efficient regulation and sustaining professionalism and sustain the high level of professionalism and high standard.
The broads, of the scope and the scope of the Institute, includes, not only inensicicicicsicous investigation; for for forensologys; in aulicics, in alans, in autonicics, and cybers; in autos; in autodicicicicicics; in autos; in autos; in autos; in autos; in autos
Accordingly, you will agree that our Institute has brought a unique concept of crime detection and investigation with international practices.
The concept of myopic people were able to take place of our bill has covered in order to narrow-mindness, due to narrow-minoredness and in thedorised desire to monolise a system, which has been passed to the operation.
On a light noteer, I wanted to draw into the attention of my funny of cenarios that is now in now, and as a matter of fact, it should be a source of concern for all Nigeria.
When the Chartered Institute of Forenssics and Investigative Professionals of Nigeria through the 8th National Assembly, the Institute of the Institute of Nigeria (IHS), CAN), anger came to be accused to hate the institute because of unnecessary Institute, according to function of the Institute, it.
However, while the introducative of our bill again in this 9th National Assembly, and as we have seen the overwhelming legislative supports, I have given our bill, IAanmer, I have been able to say that we have been able to given that as we have been able to say, we have been known as we have been able to come to say, we have been able to ben't often been able
One can ask, what has happened between now and the past, where ICAN have the view of any other Institute of practices inensic science?
Your answer is the same with my own own.
I am also able to inform you that the Association of National Account of Nigeria (ANAN), also part of this episisode.
which was also initiated and the promoted by ANAN. Just as ICAN also introduced a bill in the House of Repativeative the same structures with the Chartered Institute of Craicang Institute of the Cdududed Exudududu and promote Nigeria.
I decided to ensure that all the fact was made to Nigerian people and even international communitys for the extent to which some people can make them to achieve.
However this development is noddd at all, because we believe in credibility and ability of the National Assembly and also in the Presidency to do the right thing, to avoid the right way, with any way, within what they should do not have to do so, to do so, to do not have to do not .
It is the practical and practical and antagonist for this bill and we have seen the reason now.
Many engage amongers into teachings to write bad petitions, even targets for the leadership and sounds like blemailils.
As they failed in Senate, the antagonist shift attention will be the House of Repative with the same publications just as many publications.
and again, they failed.
Ordininsily according to legislative procedures, the Senate have passed only-curence by the House but when they had obbervvation.
However, in the case of the CIFIP, the people who fight against it until the truth wins of 19th May, 2021, 2021 of the House of Caretaker Repatively, according to the Chartered Institute of the OIFsit OIFIF) and P
ICAN also register in the House of The House of Respatives of the crescents (REPEAL AND AND RFGIF ACTS.
The new Biller IAAn has brought a full provision to take onenssssssssssicicated in Nigeria without a university, and withoutoutout anbodiedensicicicics in Nigeria, who were not forced to entered into the prison.
This wants to be strange to ears in the country where there are many people.
DÃ©by make me apiipione that Nigeria is not the Banana Republic.
No matter the level of coruption which is on.
It has been a challenge to be the House of Representatives for the House of Representatives.
We should also note that as we are in a challenge, the bill is not in a able to be certain bills because the purpose of the bill is to stop as a presidential, we have similar similar to be on legislation.
We do not want them to deceive us and Nigerias people with them.
You will remember how IAAAn took open up the CIFIP and in a pubication which sponsored the Association of professional Bodies by Engr.
Olumuy Alade Alade on May, May, 2019 to tell us that the law enabled me to do the best to doen Is it to doens to do the CFNIFIP, just as well as the CFNIFNIFNIF) have just a new law, but also been presented a new law in the law.
The question is, what has changed?
The same law that ICAN have told the public that it have been inensicss to seek them to reenacted it.
As we always, as we are not content with any groups of the proposedics to include a law, our concern, our body should not be able to perpetuate.
ICAN and cohorts have realised inability to stop the passage of CIFIP.
So they want to have a union for themselves.
It was checks and balances fears of them, not to be an professional body to investigate their activities because they know what they are doing the economy.
How would they want to be judged by being judged by themselves ?
This sound sound over welwel.
On this note, we are called on the National Assembly to be the bare-ware of this group, there are not not a talk from both sides of both sides, which is not expected to be expecting to use it and National Assembly.
Once again, we want to appreciate the 9th Assembly to make sure that they have been able to ensure that Nigeria has been ready to fight to fight corruption and will also encourage them to be encouraged to achieve legislation.
We have confident that His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari did not got to take hand in the Billate him as soon as he entered his table.
We are calling on Nigeria to peipopoons to take part in the Forensic Profession.
The profession is open to all professional people in different areas.
The institute has trained training sections of your guide to you.
I want to thank all of you, and also talking that we are being able to stand with him as to follow the way they do it to do it in our professional services, as to give our professional services and training to the new ways of corruption, to take our country.
I want to appeal to other stakeholders and better Nigerian people to support these challenges, and to beg all of us to make efforts to make our efforts, so that we can finish corruption, the most security of all the country and other crises.
Dr (Mrs) Enape Victoriay Ayane, PhD, Pro-tem President, (CFIP) www.org.
Airir has peace tests with new flight with them, E195-E2.
Air Peace has begging for two new flight for them two new Embras air-E2craft as they were preparing for them.
Daily Trust reports that the two airs were the first set among the 13 brands new brands new PUs which the airline buying to his route expansion.
One spokesperson in the airline, Stanle Olisa, told news people on Friday that there were one airs empty from Lagos entering into Lagos, Abuja and Port Harcourt to be familiar for Thursday.
Olisa gives its tests that an other flight would continue, and adding that it would not take a long plan to start an flight and to offer a lot to customers.
He said.
The new E195-E2 air, the third third to enter a third, said the reasons they were expanded to expand their duties to take the commitment to the air need.
According to them, they were doing a regulatory requirement for them must do tob the airline of regular operation.
We will recall that Air Peace s kot the two brands youltramon Embras, 195-E2 sit, 1954 sits in January and March this year, when they gokt more more than 11.
Tela Maize harvest have potential to give 8 tons in one hectares
In the on Tuesday, the Institute of Agricultural Research (IAR), Ahmadu Bello University, a invited relevant stakeholders, was invited to witness the relevant stakeholders, to go the third TelaFTCFTC) Confidned Field (MF) under Nigeria (MF) under Africa.
The maize varieties of the maize varieties Terms of Latin Twake.
This kind of maize maize is a protection against pests and pests draught in breeding.
Professor Rabiu Adamu, a Princippal Innigat, including other scientist who took journalists round the project, said the project was to produce maize varieties of maize varieties to protect two varieties: Wrem Adamu, which is protected against oil against oils and other protection against oil against 2022.
This is all about producing crops have been the high yielding under governances, the stresses of Army and stem borers, which are major consnttraint to maize per cent of maize production, which is a lot to produce exweldelsed maize production, which is enmed into the major condition of Army.
If they do not control, if there may cause a loss loss for 80 percent, with drought-re shortage you may not manage yield, you may not have any yield.
This is the third time that has done this trial,
It was in the dry season that we did the first trial, and during the rainy season, we do another one from November.
The third trial is this from November.
The Principal researcher, said what they were able to showcase.
As the three CFTth trial has been successful, people of the research will need to test and validate them for them recorded in the research stationing research stationing for the farmers in the country as it started at different locations and started in the rainy season of 2021 of the 2021 2021 2021.
By the time of 2022 will end, if all works to welcome, Nigeria farmers will expect all these hybrids with them.
Dr. Muhyideen Ayekunle, a maize breeder under this project, said the two challenges they do last last, the transgenic varieties are recorded over 17 percent over the one who has not been infested despitely infest it.
We have infest the varieties that we have put on trial three times after the previous one to look at the BTTTTTTT gene to be effective in the maize product.
With the outcome, there has said the yield to increase 17 percent.
So after, we go to anazeze the data, and preparing for approval for environmental release.
We will submit the dosier given by the National Biosafety Management Agency (NB) and they will review it.
Once they gave us approval that this product, we can show a face in the outside.
and then we will get a national performing trial.
The Director General/COM of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA), which is Professor Abdullahi Mustapha, for the event, on which a scientist, called to search for biotic solution to farmers in the country.
We have tested some technology which is capable of providing solution to problem, farmers are able to take advantage, and move forward, as he said.
Dr Rose Max1, who is the Country Coordinator OF Nigeria, said the impact of the impact of welwel.
Farmers are yielded by 17 percent and you know that is productivity and harvesting are the very purpose for farming.
Once you have been able to get more harvesting and profits.
She said by the time of this kind of maize would be ready to enter a farmer, livelihood, livelihood, money, as well as the price of maize would come down.
Manchester United fight back to win Aston Villa.
Manchester United were fighting for Aston Villar League 3-1 in the Premier League for Sunday as Brun Ferandes, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani Cavani Cavani scored in a second half to take the place in Manchester City of hold.
The result left United for 70 points from the 34 games, 10 points out behind City played a game with the chance to win the title of Saturday after Chelsea were beaten on a 2-1 home on Saturday.
Natrand Tra Tuore pue has ahead of 24th minute with a brilliant strike from 15 met the top corner-fendin the visitors who did not do the visitors for a half times.
Ferandes were equalised for 52 minutes with penaty, while sending the golie for Villae, Emilianianozzzick the spot with the spot by the spot-ickeicke he reached the most challenges.
Grenwood turned the match on his four minutes later with a neat shot on the turned from the penalty area after he had kept off the centres.
Edinson Cavani who is a slave for the United to win the goal with his goal in 87 minute.
After the story of Daily Trust on Daily Trust, NCC have baned and use of mobile mobile phone boosted mobile phone booster.
The Nigerian Communications Commission (N) has put on ban on the sale of GSMM network and boosters (SMMMM) especially by mobile banks, among others to take tele services, among others.
The Commission was given the 14-day Pre-Enfirment Imagine on Tuesday, signed by the Director Public Affairs, August, which is Ikechukwu Adinding.
He said the warns using effect from Tuesday and as it is in a quuation for the deadline, NCC) would be able to take action against people.
This is not the less than the month that Daily Trust reports on April 24, 2021 people who are doing business in Sabon Gari market in Kano including other businesses areas in Kano areas theynt to improveer of the tele network of tele network.
Some of the traders said the service was not good as telecomcomnication and providers not much to improve service on the gain of their gains.
According to them, many traders, and they engage in digital transaction (based cash-based cash-based cashless services) including other telecomtion-based tele-based-based-based-based-based-based-based-based-based of service.
During the noticed, NCCI said as they sell, installing and GSml boosting the illegal.
For the observed, NCCCC) said that they were doing their duty to protect them consumers, to ensure good service and maintenance of communication gten standard of communication, and as it is in the provision of the Act1(A1 (1) for the Nigerian Communications).
It can be a able to lead to sanctionion that will involve money/plus/fineines, or the two fines as well as well as serving as the illegal enhancement network, covering the illegal network
LG polls: After protesting over taking on its candidate in APC
Some member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State have done against how the party took some some local government areas ahead of the July 24 local government elections in the state.
To primary people, the party has announced that the party would adopt consensus candidates in some local government areas, and they will conduct a direct primary voting candidate to the candidate of some.
The protesters of the Nigeria Union of Nigeria Union of Nigeria (NU), in Ogun State, has accused some leaders of the APC in Abeokuta South LGA LGA of its candidate for the post-LGA of the post.
They were lacarsing that many were written including many things included the No.
in Abeokuta, South and
For instance, the Part to pick who wanted who wanted to, and said they are going with Farkundes.
One of the party leaders who led the protest, Balog, Balog, Balog, said to Govapo Abiodun who intervened in the matter to save democracy.
Between DSS and people who wanted to separate from the region.
As DSS has put up to the hands of the group and others, they are able to reduce and distractous environment-rigious environment, which led to ethicicated environment and threatens the majority of the majority of people of the country, which led to be brought into an forced into the country.
Questions have always been on or which persons groups the security agent, which prompted them to be vapourttttically rhetbtical out of the nation of the nations agitators.
Afenifere, Arew Consultative Forum (IF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders Forum (NEF) Panand50 Forum (PAN).
It was clear for using that this is the group of people who have continued to resort to thecirange, unguarded and divisive statement, unguarded and blovets, to take them to take their country against themselves and women against the tribal of those who put on the warning to charge.
Interestingly, in a non-calling major suspects in the exploitation of some faults of some cases to take ethno-rigious violence in some parts of the country may be brought to the taking of themselves and subverive activities.
The same convinced the same conviction that the DSS s knows the people, only differs from the direction they were accused.
Would this people know that these ones were responsible for the acts of the acts, but they cannot touch them because of the connected AND PANDEV said, there are noliated that they do not know that they do not know that they do not know that they do not know, who is not know that they do not know, who is not know.
Since the DSS knows and little they are able to take action to deal with them.
The NEFm like one who is not convinced that if people are pushing the country to deep crises and see them, to treat them as law to the law.
You dont need to be spook to know what the DSS s knows about this flag in Nigeria or political politics-ethnic, to understand why they know all know that the DSS sy was not passed to the buckar.
The truth is that this people in the country is not able to know any better solution to the problem than by Nigerias sectional enveed by the chief of the country and chiefs of the country, not over the people who are not.
They are desperate and unscrupulous to pursue them in theddate ambitions that they are agitating for aburdly and frequently to break Nigeria.
Ambition-powered goal-powered games into the geographical consciousness that it takes all it to excising the mtorialours of their infenzied in the frenzied the frenzied of their remaining unumbrge of the national leg.
To put it simple, to break up or out of Nigeria as an ultimate political panatory opportunity to achieve in theddatory opportunity to achieve addddate ambitions or group that undermines the majority of people's rester-ziaalessly, there are harderlessly passing for democratic Nigeria, following.
All these groups are a major block to the steadyment of unity and to live together in peace that Nigeria has been labour in the flag of independence.
For a long time when they continued to visit the political political security champions as well as the ethnic champions, it will be regarded to Nigeria as an an an an  ethnic stake in the population, to be rising and seized, if they failed to betruuucucucuccced as the state has failed to failed to failed to failed to failed to failed to failed to failed to fail.
Whenever they met, the agenda is not in Nigeria that Nigeria should progress and develop a firmly firmly handless of the leadership, otherwisewise were able to be able to the barestlinglinglinglingling with the initiative to deploy the barely pullorious Nigerian President-mious President-malromeoromlromin, pulled into non-mal
Whether FIF, Ohanaeze Phan, PANDEV or Northern Elders Forum, they were serving the quest for the quest of unity and unity of Nigeria, peace and development.
Anotherdicment that we cannot deny in this regional separatatist, all of them are the very different pressures of ethnic groups.
From the membership, It was plain to see that the consistist of exthisisisiss.
Ironicallyally, this political defiency give them the ginger to come together, desperately to remain relevant in democratic system which elected representatives through registered political partys and legislative partys with the established constitution to take place with good governance and divides of democracy.
It is only, only nuisance valued by the geo-ethnic groups which have been set in our democratic set and continue able to continue with mischief, black and submailages that intend to enable them to regain a roilable impact on which they can be achieved.
This is why frequents meeting has been alerting security!
Wite kinds of predoror-politicians are going to a priundter the per cent of power with the powerful and avoideded by elected by elected government because they are not involved in the able to beyondleyondence and unpondence of the gang, which is not over which is not over which they givenced into the gang.
It is an unthinkable that the try toin the situation of the Buhari administration as they have to handle such enemy inmidable assault, which is identified as well as well as the time of the economy.
To that extent, only two groups of politicians might be able to participate with positive attitudes in the democratic dispensation dispensation, which are partnered in the country against all odssss and actions that brings to those who bring in the country.
By what they are said and what they do, we are doing.
At the end of the day, the majority of Nigeria's people are the ordinary citizenal citizen to survive or depend on where they come from.
They struggle every day to be able to follow them to the will of God even as their faith.
Nigeria is a father of breeding, which has been able to put them, and pray for them, bkokos, bkokos that nobody has not been able to call them to call how to promote patriotims.
Arew that the Afenifere, Arew Consultative Forum (ACFF), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders (NEFEF) and PanEFEF-PAN (PAN) has been able to put on the burgled and divisive activities of â€
The prayer with poor man:
GODY, DEY
NIGEGE
Manz Reuben is a youth in Lokoja.
10, as terrorists were attempted to attack army formation
Troopops in the Nigerian Army, on Saturday, netralised netralise 10 Boko Haram terrorists who wanted to attack andin Kaian Bananan headquarters, which is a Kawith Local Government Area of Borno Government Area of Borno State.
This is not more than 24 hours at the Chief of Army Staff Staff of Army Staff, Maj.
Pray as leader of Nigerian Army.
The spokesperson of the Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen.
Mohammed Yema, in a statement known as the terrorist, explained that the terrorist, which was held in a number of trucks which was able to be infilted and attempts to infil the town of the town.
Yema said, The troops were able to be in the high spirit on handing the moves to take the humihumiliahumyed to defeat the terrorists abandoned.
The troops are chased the runy terrorist and ensure that no threat was intown and there.
Troopsps were destroyed one of them guns which includes largest weapons including an anti-atatatatled and eight AK-Kudiseise as ten-47-Kanise in the process.
Daily Trust reports that Chief of Chief Defence Staff, Gen.
Second, U.Swowoman has tested positive to protect COVID-19 after the Capitol challenges.
Praatruck by a member, a member of U.S. House of Representatives, said she met the Coronavirus (COVID-19) after the same room with some room in the same room with some documents that could not wear during the Capitol last weekend.
I just kept on COVID-19 tests of positive tests that were removed down for one securely secured the Capitol Republic where there were no no nobody to wear mens but deportantless of staff who offered out and staff who offered on an officially on the post.
Earlier on Monday, U.S. Congress Bonnie Watson â€S. U.S...C.S...S..C.S.
Jayapal, a member of the Democratic Partneri accused the lawmakers from the Republic to the Republic of COVID-19 spread, saying to punish them.
Any member who refused to face a face mask is able to take the account of life for our life because it is a danger because it is a idiot.
I am calling on every member of the refused to wear a curol for the Capitol and to remove Arms of Arms from the floor, she said in a post on Twitter.
It is not clear if the two congressmen were in the same rooms during the lockdown in the Capitol.
Jayapal nodal happy as U.S. Presdodo Donald Trump failed to contain the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S.S.
They have been arroning man over 30 years over as they take sides in Edo.
The police suspect has arraigned one Gabriisel Fidelis over 30 years before Ogbeson chiefs in Benin, alleged that he was arrested by a woman whose woman, Reze.
It was accused of the man on three charges, unlapful assaulting assaulting and Palestinians under the section of 516, 35, 355, and 45.
The prosecutor, Sgtttn. Kehind that the accused court had been taken to be committed an offence in the April 11, along with Estate, alongsides, Benin City, Benin City, Benin City, Benin City in Benin City, Benin City.
She told the court that the accused of others, with other assaulting assaulting one Rebeccabigibably hit with a bit hitting her.
She added that the accused of iron was also used to break her legs.
She further told the court that in March 31, 2021, the accused point and maliciously washed bain which is the complainant and the complainant of N8,000.
The urged him not guilty as the counsel Mrs E. E. E. Enaapply in his bail and she said.
It was that, Chief Mhief Magistrates Mutairu Oare grant bail for the sum of N100,000 with one who will stand for him.
He said the person who will stand with him must be able to bring out two recent than he accused of the accused.
He gave the court to the court a plant plant plant planted the informion of the supply, which was surely djournjournjourning the case to hear May 10.
Why is the National Assembly cannot epe Buhari in Oyo.
The Senator representing Oyo Senatorial District of Oyo Senatorial District of the Fatai Buhari has said the National Assembly has not seen to take its reason for President Muhammadu Buhari.
Doing this one when he pays Salah to former former govor in Oyo State, Ramado, Rdododo, saying he has given the process to take his process.
Senator Buhari's submission to a day after Senator Yusuf Abubakar Yusuf Abubakar (APC) and Cahiririred on a special duty for President Buhari would not end insecurity in the country.
People have been calling on President Buhari to resigning or make it a matter of insecurity in the country.
But Senator Buhari has urged people to break the country not only to create problems that will not be easy to solve.
It has been the process of its process.
It should be an one to call that he made a better reason for the president to do his doing his ownly.
We have never seen a reasining to take its its president.
If we are not, we will table to discuss it, and the two houses must come.
Tope its its president, the president does not be able to wake up a day and begin, he said.
He has procedured.
Why are you determined to cause anxiety and avoid ?
I asked.
On the security challenges in the country, the lawmaker, the lawmaker said, we dont have another country with Nigeria.
Nigeria is our country and home.
Let us try to do internal security.
Let us play our own in our own part; we should not be able to leave our government alone.
We are supposed to put local police members of all the places.
No matter what it is, we know, we know each other.
In early 80s, we were traveling for nitete.
But in the level that is now now now, something something that is missing.
He said the 9th National Assembly has discussed security, 59 times
We are discussed security issues more than 30 times in the 8th Assembly, and this 9th Assembly has discussed over 50 times.
Let us be vigilant and even if the change of service chiefs, it is not to solve the security challenges, as the senator said.
However, they have supported the CBN to put on importing imports top import of dairy
The Commercial Ranch, Association of Nigeria (TCODA) has showed support for the restrictions of foreign exchange for dairy products.
Remember that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circular for one year now in the company where the foreign exchange to take imports of milk and dairy product.
But during a visit to the government of the CBN recently, the Director-General of the World Trade organisations (WJ), Dr Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala, said the European Union (EU) has already been in Nigeria.
In a statement that Diani Akpyangyang, the COR CORAAAAAAry, Nigeria is the potential dairy products of which will provide investment in local production of milk.
The CBN governor should be kept.
Indeed Nigeria is the potential for the potential for the dairy requirement.
Aksainyang says the milk and processings not nearly, but noted that since it is necessary for every necessary, it is necessary to seek a ground for fire to seek firery sector that is necessary for the development of local dairy sector.
According to him, the CBN reported that Nigeria spent $1.5 billion billions of importing every year to take import of importry products, he said the figure would increase in demand of dairyryry products.
He mentions a issue like poor productivity of local cattle, cowed nutrition system management system, as they dont have a better organised system to tke and milk, as well as to tke and milk, there are not too too too largely accessed for growth, in extension, inadequate processing and planting for other growth.
However he said the Advcing Local Local Dairy Development Development in Nigeria (ALDDN) programmes are presently taken into the four states, Kano and Plateau states, Kano have tackle the problem.
The PDP frowned as APC claimed to register in Lagos.
Despite the All Progressives Congress (APC) has disclosed that they registers in Lagos to members of Lagos in the revalalation exercise.
Chau, in the APC Registrationsory Committee in Lagos, Dr. Muhammadu Bashiru, said the closing letter of recommendations in the supervisor supervisor about 2.5 million has register in the 20 local government areas of the state.
But the Peopleoctic Part Partii Party (PDP) are the leading opposition party, has described as false and false.
PDP said the APC has a habit to housing to people believe that they are popular.
The PDP spokesman of the PDP, who is Taofiki, in a chat with Daily Trust, described the APC as a party, said it has been fully full of the party in the state.
This is not the first time when there is a figure figures that is not true.
Despite the last election, the total of votes around 600,000 and APC has
He said the claim that they have been ” millions of false and Babylon.
Our correspondent reported that the APC candidate candidate of Sanwo-Olu wins the governorship in 2019, with 739, while President Muhammadu Buhari has voted to vote for the presidential elections.
The state chairman of the National Consciencecience (NCP), Wey Comrade Bayo Baleye, has described the claim by the APC.
But the spokesperson of the APC Seye Oladejo told our correspondent that the party will prove that they have nomba election for the local government elections were in July 24.
FG said Geographical Indication of promote diversification of economy
The Federal Government has challenged that Geographical Indication (GIs) will help in promoting diversification of the economy and also supported participation in the African Consent Trade Areas.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, Sabo Nanono, who said this in the capacity for the capacity of GIshops in public sector / Abuja.
Nanono, who was the Deputy Director of Irgation and Cropriation Development, Hajgra Mahmood, noted that if they were able to welcome the initiative, to support the preservation of the biodiism, supporting the country.
According to him, he could assist in the commercializin the product of food culture and other cultures will enable them to act in the value chain to benefit from commercialization, especially in rural areas of women who are involved in the production of the production.
Therefore, this workshop is happening in crucial moment when this administration is working with averlesssssssify the economy away from hydrocabons by other sectors like agriculture, mining etc.
This kind of initiative in promotes GIss will help to fast track the process of the economy and also support our participation in the African Continent Trade Area of globally and economicly.
Giss can cause to revive its economy in rural area as we have seen it in the case of some product of some product, which is held as well assishiish, Dudui, etc.
It will also make it the documumation of our indigenous knowledge of our indigenous knowledge that is sad.
The current administration is ready to partner with all the stakeholders in the relevant local and foreign and foreign-year--culturalows to preserve the countrys endsowment for the country to exploit it to strengthen the resilience of the fertilence of the economy, as well as people in the state.
Earlier, the Minister of Satte Industry, Trade and Investment, Hayija, in her welm, said the works to be trained to be a public sector to see how to examine agriculture, with a policy to adopt a policy of Nigeria, to adopt agriculture, and adopte industrial land policy to adopt its lives.
She said we cannot avoid in the African Continent discrimination (ACCFTA) of effect (AAA) was in effect, which is able to be able to address the decisions of industrial concern, she said.
President of Israel had taken to take newvt.
President of Reuven Rivlin has been prepared for politics, with top of the government after caretaker Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, who refused to do it to do a match after a match-clululudive lu.
According to Rivns office, talks with Naftalit Bennettts the Yamina and former opposition Yaapira Lapppid (FF) Ath) schedule for the party.
The head of the state also invited representatives from the other party who represented the parliament to present positions on the progress of the process to take a form of government.
It was lasting the deadline in the Naanyahu that was right-winger of a form to form although a coalition.
This means that the camp of people, which is a pponent to Netanyahu, face a chance to end the 71-year-year old as he does.
Whether they will succeed, however, however, still open.
New election is still not out of the question as the Israelites are still in political crisiss.
Netanyahu will remain as heading for the interim government as time for time.
It has been in the office for 12 years continously and was a long-vving head of the government for Israel.
They have been doing the trial for him that he had rejected all the accused of the accused of them.
They are expected to be able to Rilvin Lapid members of the government.
The party is its political centre; for the end of the match, it has becomes the second-strongest forced to the forthcoming parliamentary election in two years.
Rivin can also give the mandate to the Knessnesset.
For this case, each member of the parliament could find the support of the support of the 6120 of the 120 of 21 days.
Ganduje has free free 123 in eidel-Fitri-Fitri
Govs Abdullahi Ganduje of Kano has granted freedom to 123 in the state.
Ganduje witnessed the release of inmates from Gorone Prosseson on Thursday said the gesture of the spirit of Eid-E.
He said, It was how it was an offence that was able to take a huge signs of cformation when they were able to take place, he said.
The governor said he decided to show the prison to talk to the government in the state government in the state, they know that they are being seen as citizens in the state.
Ganduje said the gesture was to be complilimentments the Federal Government effort to further reduce as people in national prison.
He adviceed the former inmate them to change them attitude to life and that they should pray for peace and stability for Nigeria.
The governor also gave a 5,000 which to each of the in the inmates his free to go.
Earlier, the ptroller of prisons in Kano, Suleiman, thanked the governor of his free thousands of inmate office.
Suleiman is addvse in the inmate free will to stay away from crime from prison.
Ganduje visited home home home with children in Kano as part of his home in Kano as part of his homealah.
Korda breaks through Parmay
On the first of the Roland Garos, Sebastian Kordaian Korda-year-year-year-old American scored by beaten Nacocococococococococotona in the first title of Par, 6-4, 6-4
Korda, a son of former world
No 2 and Australian Open Winner Wrda Korda who never entered into the event before the event of Parma, it has never won the consecutive matches on clay.
Cechinato, who won all his three title on clay, became from Brresciares, who is 90 kilometres from Parma.
The past, they allowed the event to support the first time for the first time to support the local boy.
Today, I played a tough pponent and the no easy, so Korda, said.
They were able to cheerr him on, but I was proud for mys.
and how I handled it.
Although his father was from Czech, Sebastian Korda, who was born in Floridadadada, US to represent.
The first player from America from America came to win the clay against court as Querrey in Belrrey with 11 years.
This is some of my dream at my dreams, so Korda, adding that he would have expected to win a title title title as a Florida in January.
I am really able to do it in Delray, and break my heart and break my heart.
They are not supposed to wear a public: Negating Nigeria's multiculturalism.
By Bashiru Ibrahim
Shey was pure coincidencedence that, as troubled by Kwara State recently, they were in the main solution to it in the House of the National Assembly in the National territory of Abuja.
DI troubled that in Ilorin is able to refuse some Christian faith in order to allow the Muslims students to wear the hijabs school.
The solution in this predicament is the debate on the debate of Discrirohibition, Preven (P).
RDP through the 2021, 2021, as they rided the deles Hijab around a section of media in Nigeria.
Both event is the spark heated arguments and arguments often, at the bottom of everythimg, which the negates of the common and reality of Nigeria.
The whole ideas, Kwara of the propriet of schoolororiet of tomato students were able to wear nd their sympathis, which they can reduced to the plant in public.
This is another major part of the RDP through the RPP Billed by the House of Repilative the humiation and denial of opportunities.
We are female in Nigeria to face because of what they wearing public.
It is clear that the former clearly clearly breached the fundamental human rights rights of the Muslims students to express their faith without discrimination; even though the school may be defence or taking such position.
The latter try to as well assert these rights is not in Muslim but for Christians where they were able to threaten them with discrimination because of the fthauthgment of the fth of them.
To abscond through the arguments through the arguments that propriet of Christian schools in Kwara, easy for one to understand the arguments that Muslim children will not be pled if others wanted to be ples if they wanted to go
The problem which died many arguments many.
First, to speak Muslim students to another place unless they agree to rule of the school for very very little to promoteness, which is theddroic, which is thedicicicous of our around society.
Secondly, the position of moral questions: Does we think we can justify rule for school for the Christian majoritarian of the school?
Then, the third third argument is that it had lost the difficultyy to be the difficult school for a children.
The in Eden, many.
As they changes in school, people people, people maty and tell you, be interfying negatively withoutout just although it is not only basic development.
Finally, the christian faith by their risk of risking what wet ghetorization by concentcentrating students in particular schools.
The social costly cost this thing to get in society.
The Commissioner of Education, Kemi Adeununun, arguing that the government are convinced that the need not willing to allow Muslim school to wear a public schools would be willing to wear the responsibility to lead in sustainable public schools and act on self-fal view to build peace.
In the country which a guaranteed freedom of religion, signing the declaration of international Humans, the basic question is how to ask it is to deny a child to deny a child in Nigeria to access school for the right of religion?
It is great concern because Nigeria is a signatory to the Universal Declaration of Humans (DRR).
The UHHH insists that all human being free and equal, they coloured, cree or religions or religions did not matter.
It contained at 30 articles on right and freedom, among others, such as the rifghal speech, freeness and pririacy.
It includes social and cultural rights rights rights, like the right to get health and education.
I seen articles 18 and 26 of UDR very very relevant to the issue in consideration and quoting:
He has the freedom to believe or believe what they wanted to believe, including beliefs that are religions.
We have right to change our beliefs or our religion, and the right to practice our religions in public, private, alone or with other people.
It should be right to education.
Primary school should be free.
We should continue to continue our 74dies as far as we have the wish.
In school, we should develop our talents, and to teach us how to respect our human human rights rights.
They should also teach us how to get on with other peoples of ethnicity, religion, religion, or country they come from.
Our parent gets right to choose the kind of school school.
All this kind of law is the leader of a Muslim women like Ilhan in the equality to take on the House of Repativeative for the US and she weared without Hjabbed or monles.
Ilhanyo Omarnana, who served in the U.S. Repativeatively 5th congregation in 2019.
It was the Deputy Chairman of the House of Representatives of Finance the matter, representing BiG/KGko/Kba-Ka Federal Constituency of Niger State, sponsoring the bill.
Saidu Musa Abdullahi.
The bill are to address discriminatory conduct, which included taking on discrimination on religion when it is taking place to work as well as the activities of the activities and in the past.
It will stop able to qualify as professional and professionals, education institutions, the employment of employment and other sectors to discriminate discrimination against persons, students, based on religion or displayation.
When the law is passed, the law takes on Kwara in Kwara of good, When the law takes what is the issue of which we are being able to see Kwara Act of Kwara Acts.
It will also address the bigots of executives of the executive people who were able to enter into public office and also allowed him to cover the sense of justice.
Suppose he welcomed the law.
After all, it was only to expand and a atiates the provision of the Nigeria constitution and for the UDDDRRRRRR), as we take above.
He followed the line with a similar law that was in the country to tackle social which practiced social and cultural practices the lawfully hihibited the law against the law (PP).
According to thisability to the discrimination of discrimination people face theseability, VA, other violence including domestic violence in the country.
One by one, those who represents us in the legislative prembers have been able to tackle all social institutions.
They address all these socialness not to say that law is not a law not only before the address, but they wanted to take everything they want to see.
According to him, far as the road also in the UDDHR, and priests are not enforcing it, the RDPPPPP law and other laws believed to be punished.
Speaking against the view of critics, as far as the RDPPPPPP, not proven to be able to put into any state that could domestics the law.
It will not against Section 10 of the Constitution for Nigeria to support the Government of Federation or for the Federation or for the State cannot adopt any religions.
To push the arguments, because the bill is called on public public to respect the right of which is takings a Muslims, Hijabbed in public place, not only to quenchancha.
In the final analysis, it will against our multicultural preolds to deny any Nigerian male or females or females freedom.
It is against equality, and basic human rights rights as it takes into the constitution of Nigeria and the legal document documents in the Universal Declaration of Human Rgs.
He who will make such kind of decimation on religion, such as the RDPPP bill will not be welcomed.
It is from Abuja Bashir.
President of Niger Isoufoud have wonn N195bn which is the leadership of Africa.
President of Niger, Idoud Isoufous, winners of $5m (N1bn) for 2020, in 2020, has been
Ibrahim prize in the African leadership.
Isoufous have served two terms of two years as presidents from 2011 to 2020.
Mohameded Baz Byum, a former minister would enter office after the presidential election last month.
The committee gave the mandate of honoring the leadership of the Niger president, after his economy among the poor than the world.
He said he was caused to growth, that he showed good commitment to a regional stability and the constitution, and champion democracy in Africa.
The Is Mr Isoufoud is the nombatttt of the Ibrahim Victor.
He has sended anet that the honour of all an honour of Nigeria.
I saw this award as eccocouragement to continue to continue to take steps and acting in democracy to promote democracy and better for Niger State, not for the world, but in the world, in Africa and the world, saying he said.
People who have won the prize before Ellen Johnsons Sirle Limited (7) Hfike), President Hcasy Pohamies of Nahamyibia (2014), President Pedro O Pedro), Ude(20) of Momyi Momon Momonawa), 60720 B.
KEDE has a taskforce that is enforcing an collection, and check who is checked bypass me.
The management of Kano Electricity Distribution (KED), Distribution (K) has led to ensure a electricity for electricity.
In a staement of Ibrahim Saniawa, a head of Corporate Communication, KEDICO, KEDEED, the task has given the task of taking to be sure that they have been able to help in the KEDEDMED to improve on the supply of operation.
The task was also checking of the issue of bypass met, illegal connections, standard of energy and other forms of sbotages.
In this regard, anyone has seen that they are sbotagers in any way, would deal with them as the law take.
We are appealing to our customers to open up all our intallation and to ensure that they were protecting them against vandals.
We are assured that our customers that our initiative to give me ater which we want to take quench bill and give customers the opportunity to pay for their customers who are still able to go with the statement.
IBEDC has been able to sell peoples under powerline.
The Electricity Distribution (S) has warned out against the high-tension under the high-tension which led to avoid badness.
Chief Operating Officer (O)) Engr Ayode John Ayodelele given the charge against the backs which is increasingding activities that is undeension.
In agbo, the capital of Osun State, mechanic, mechanic shops, cars washed shops, ARs shops, NAQSmall and littledin of the high-ension, which we saw under high-elections and Rines and Rine road road road road road
Ayodetale has asked the residents to take safety precautions very important and counsel to sell under high-tension which to move to a safe.
He also said the residents of them would not call people people who were not able to operate light and assured them that they technically available to rectify any faults they would be able to rectify any faults.
He cautioned that people have a habit of harassing Idin Is staff when they did their duty as the law to stop it, he said, I got an legal options to seek red options if they seeking any harassed by his staff of his staff.
He also said, It was also important for them to take other safety precaution, like children to supervise children, to avoid avoidrical accidents.
10 children of them were just born in India who died in India.
Ten young children were killed on Saturday in the city of hospital that happening into the state western wedia, as well as officials took the officials.
It was a new children in the unit in the uniting children of sickly when the fire break on Saturday in the Bhandrapra General Hospital in Ahmad.
The new children dies as smoked as three, and three of fire because they burned, Mahartrac health ministers Tope told reporter.
Nurtes and ward staff were rescued seven babides.
The age of all new children were from a few days to three months, as Prashantike Uike in Bhandara said.
The government has ordered that the incident and to do its incident and to do safety audited in a new pkinini in the country.
However, the report indicated that the fire could occur bkos of one of the short circuit in one of the incubators, as Tope, the Tope said.
The staff said many black smoke is to fill the ward , as the minister added.
They have been which legal requirements for post-mortemem, and they had taken the children of family, as Tope the Tope.
Family victim of the victim would have concerns of 500,000 rupe (now 6,81 dollars) for each family.
Police pursued people on a newspaper because of the IPOBs reported on IPOB.
Police harassed with people who sellers and people read it in Abia State.
Daily Trust reports that the news of the police Command of Aba Area of Aba Area Command, sold a newspaper and people read it, the Indigenous reported on the Indigenous Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Residents are fearful in Ama-Ogboer Junction, at the commercial city raids on Sunday.
A resident, who was left to his eyes, said the residents were run to safety, while the police were able to arrest, while they were able to arrest, which is reading it.
It was accused of the people who selling the story contained the sit-at-at-home order that the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Dr. Elduoh, the matter of his eyes, said the state government and Igbo leaders to call the police authority to call the police members of the city of the city.
The kind of people we are put on police to me to wonder anything we want to be good to the country.
How would there be serving people who sellers in Aba, in the morrds world?
If you stop people from serving where there are noddddd to read the same story, then you will not have to read the same story on Facebook, ppama, while others.
What kind of police style was this?
They are caused on Sunday as they were shooting and shooting about and noise.
The whole neighborhood say they chased kidnappers.
It was also discovered that one arrest one vendor and people read, weuel gathered on a newspaper located.
How would the police go to sell peoples ?
What kind of problem can cause a social media cannot cause for 20.
He said: We don't have no normal,
An another resident, who was another resident, said all the people who were sold in Change in Abas.
They are empty on Tuesday.
He said, We heard as saying on Saturday and Sunday said the newpaperpers were held on a sit-at-at-athom order to take honour of the heroes of Biafra, and what is wrong.
The early political leaders in South East, remind this reckless police officers that the proscribed IPOB was a better for them.
Was the proscribed IPOB ?
All of us are the Biafra.
On the 30th of May, do the Igbo Congress (ICCC) take up luom conversations, we were able to talk about the heroe heroe who fall on the Biafra.
Why will the police nottube, Zomom and other social media carrying on airs?
All the things they do is to come to the street and begin to make a necessary decision.
I wished that the leader of Igboland would warn this reckless police officer from Imo State to enter into Aba, because it would not be allowed to Aba, because it would be worstly in everythimg.
Speaking O Gerere Onana, the Abia State Police Public Relations Officer (PPRO), denied the police, SP Gere and people read it.
NAMAowning faces as air control traffic control, lamented poor tools.
Air Traffic Controllers (ATC) for Nigeria on Sunday went outpitated the lappitated equipment, which is the most airport in the country.
The ATCEs under the National Airman Traffic Franks Association (NATATA) said the situation was threat to air.
It was also said that the International Airport for Kaduna was in a control tower, which may help aircraft tovitable without challenges.
Yomi Agorogorod in the NATAA or a chat with a news of the weekend, the thing to watch in Kaduna airport, watched other personnel being able tower, not only control, saying not only for traffic control.
He also said other airports in the country was not necessary for the equipment that is necessary to take place without challenges.
He explained that some airport was not even a equipment that is not able to function.
Even Kaduna does not have to control tower.
What is making use of the watching room (in fire-fighters), and nod purpose for, we have been called for the government to do somethimg.
We left Sokoto, rain if the rain, falling umbrella to umbrella of the control, and what was some of the control of the control tower-NNNNN have been attached to the FAity while the middle-NNNNNNNNT.
We also follow the tertial radio plant, communication here, communication here and there are all.
Calabar are not an airport that can you be able to work up to 80 per cent of 80 per cent.
NAMA have employed and training 40 control controls recently, NATCA have been able to meet the shortfalls.
However the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airs Management Agency (NAM), Camola Folakuinot, told Daily Trust, told Daily Trust that the claim of Daily Trust was not true.
He said the federal government has put a huge investments to improve it, and to take safe flights, he said.
He said, It is a mere politics,he said.
Government government has spent more than a result of improved infrastructure.
I didn't just said this thing because I is a MD in NAMA.
If you want to hear the true story, my suggestion is that, ask people for the street, ask people for NAM,A, you will not be able to see this under this administration.
It is very painful that people will be like this.
We dont have any Category Three (CAT3), this government had put two to the ground, another two is still able to come.
government government has spent N1bn on mobile control tower.
Also, revitalisation of the safe tower is ongoing.
We have also reconuctuctuct the TAC Lverages Coverages system.
Many sector should be jealous.
It-comce in Nigeria: Legal framework, Legal framework and prospects
It-commerce is referring to the use of communication technology especially the internet to buy, sold and services to customers.
The internet has brought an fundamental shift to the economy over each other because bririer entered ross trade and investment, due to a lot, while zone and nationalregulation to different governments.
It-commerce fosters a direct access to market which is not near and promote globalisation and commercial activities among domestics are unsuspecting companies between domestic and foreign companies to know the extent that they don't know the product from.
It-commerce does not limited to buying of product alone, including an interest-mail, includion, including other communication platform, which can offer customers to be on a top-phase on a pre-phase to support the service to service and support.
The major issues that have been able to have in the fact that it is encouraged system of tradin a single world, which an electronic means to take good and services from the world.
Most of the statue in grounded inside a nigeria lag behind toward the development and growth-commerce in particular ICT.
In Nigeria, many legal research and study has been conducting.
Many from the study was able to the legal groups that the legal system in Nigeria is lag on legislation and that involves the statutory law which has not been adequately affected to address some of the legal issues that affecting it.
This issue is included electronic evidence cybers, security and data, production, e-payment system and inevitably, which is other people.
Therefore, there are need to bring out legal and regulatory measured proper, to take the government to take the regime.
They have also said many times in Nigeria, significant efforts to take c-commerce-related activities in the stage of Srafces until the National Assembly.
It is important to know, even where the bill is passing into law, Nigeria can face new legal issues in the area of legislative interventions.
Witing the speedr use of the internet work on commercial transactions in Nigeria, especially communication and communication sector of the best to the economy, the best to suggest the legal issues that they could not be confronted in the country should be able to address its interested population and addressious interested in Nigeria.
To achieve this, the National Assembly should be the National Assembly to take an electronic polling priority so that they will enact into law as quick.
In a very time, our court was to interpret to interpret the traditional law laws in a liberal way to take the gaps in order to make a gaps in order to make an electronic transaction, particularly in the emerging situation we are in the emerging thing.
Indeed, they argue that legislation is not only the only means electronic transaction and attendants could be legal.
The court could also also recognise electronic transactions for the absence of legislation or private contract.
As former Justice Bungham, said: The common law of judges the same political facility as the same law [asas can also make it apt to the need to address the need of the need of the general public, but principle not to apply alter alter altered.
We hope that the government will adopt this activism that Nigerian Nigerian judges in judiciary, Supreme Court, unexially involves in gross area where our existing legislation, where our gross legislation is grossly grossly take to address a new challenges.
This will be set a fine precedence to ensure that it-commerces consumerers, to bring investors and bringing economic development as well as to the country.
The purpose of issue of a contract in its-commerce was documentation and signature.
The provision of 4 of the statute of the Fras of Fud, 1677 or Lagos State Reformed (Cbformants) and our various statute, which requires them to write a place of due institutions, which required to kill.
The question is now that shey electronic sign-off is constituted an sign-off contract by emailing or by beingding?
Many of many of these issues are still in in the UK although some decision is favour towards electronic electronic electronic electronic signature.
So marks in his emails that he has been happy to the tradional requirement of writing and due to execusion.
It-commerce transactions that is not involved through a mageticeticy or discetics.
This is also an contradiction to the transactions that is a paper paper thing to take it in a permanent form of permanent and critically expressed by signature, such as well as authenticateateates.
They may not be altered with a transactions that is altering of the documents.
According to signature, the provision of signature, the provision of iden section (3) (2) act, electronic, electronic loyalty to data any requirement for those who take place to identify an unsuspecting person.
The provision of the United of the United Nations Commission on International Trade Law Law (NCIAL) model law in e-comce 1996, is equally triteing on this issue.
Thus, in the purpose of establishing proof of electronic electronic electronics.
To be moreword, identification, userer names etc can be able to suffice.
He against one can also be able to electronic religious for its purpose of its execution,sible provides an evidence-cortifying and in electronic communication during any communication during it-traccction.
Also, other legal challenges affecting e-commercece includes the formation contracts.
The element of good formation including contract, acceptance, consideration, mindion, mindion to enter into the legal relation.
The question is that, in which point can offer with regard to electronic business transactions or now to various invitations between invitation to treat electronic transactions, at which we can be able to enter legalions?
It-commerce requires confidence and trust in the joy that the joy or invoice has any matter and it come from who are going to come from.
There is a need for guarantees level of priacy/conciality for information.
Lastly, the alarming rate of cybercrime in Nigeria, including high level of illiterate.
No doubt that electronic transaction is aspects of commercial transaction in Nigeria and has come to live this time.
Let the government depends for law, to make activate the electronic platforms for the electronic platforms and commercial, delivery of service.
You can be reached by Abanikopicness Wuraurattered.
Chadrtes over a new chartesses as the president of Deby.
Chad has been passed by the Mahamat of Mahamat Idriss as President Jonathan, including social media media that he had died.
Mahamat has taken over to replace his father, Idriss father, Idriss father, killed this week week.
The charter said the 37-year-year-old son to late war veterter, was quick to be quick on Tuesday as headship in the military council, he would do his father, and headed to work on the president of the armed forces.
The charter repeal the preced constitution and implemented by implementing it as the basic law of the region, according to the teters of it.
It is also a name of the younger Deby as supreme headed for armed forces, saying.
Deby sonse son was overse the security of his father when he was headed of the elite guards and was appeared along with his father.
The best to know Mahamat Deby was as a top commander of the forces in Chad which the United Nations peace peace is helped to United Nations in the restive north of neighbouring Mali.
He signs one decrereing on Tuesday as he set out one military councils, including 15 local councils, including others who knew that they are loyal to late president.
The task was given the council was to move to free and theycractic election with 18 months.
Mahamat Idris Deby was on the military council, the transition council, the council, the ministers of superior committees of national defence, as the national defence of the charter, took the charter.
The new head of the state would be declareing legislation to the 69 members of the national transition council, who adopts directly directly.
The Charter of 95 articles, it also guarantees freedom of choice of opinions to worship.
They have set transition, which the new president will name the members.
The charter said, all member of armyed members of army called to the transitional government from all military works.
Law in Chad
The leader who was killed, his rule with a strong hands in little at 30 years, he gave the wounds to wound the battlefield where the middle of the north as the military had been killed by the military on Tuesday.
Calling to calm, the army also announced a curfew in 6pm and close to the country, as they suspends the constitution and this National Assembly.
However, politicians, an opposition in chading the army appointment of President Idris Idris Idriss son's son son to take over its father.
Experts said under the law in Chad, the speaker of parliament, the brother of parliament should have been able power aftrally, not only his son.
What the constitution said if the president of the presidents abi, then the speakers of the parliament will take charge of the country for 40 days and so to put on 40 days, Hibaibaibaibaiba, Hiberibly said in Tuesday said.
[Buted the military has announced this thissolveveveveed the legislative assembly and thiss the constitution, so that they had been able to be replaced by the constitution with them.
Chelsea could leave Chelsea points after the braw with Leicester.
Chelsea faces face deduction from the FA Cup for the team as they failed to control them as Mirror report.
In seven years, the team had been able to show a hot-pponents seven times.
The recent brawl in a match on Tuesday marked the seventh Chelsea encounter which Chelsea had in Premier Leagues teams.
It was violence marked that the match that happened last week between Chelsea and Leicesters players of both teams.
Wite the same kind of offence for the past, the FA Cup decided to punish Chelsea.
Leicester also faces charges for the braw role with players and coaches as Rico Perira Chilwell take challenges Ben Chilwell.
In 2016, Chelsea were also charged in the indisciplinelines that the appeals against 375,000 dollar played in the part of a match in the match during Tottenham.
If it affects them, the point that they will affect them as well as they left the final campaign to take the spot on four.
USfriin in Nigeria?
Onpaid, overs, oversped and over here.
That was the  crackful and enteredtuous opinions of many British people in the thousands of AmericanIs station in several military station in the Secon World War.
The gumum-litre, bray, hard-dinking and womanising from Americans came into America went into pubeduddddddus wentuddddd robeduding a danger that cause for the locals.
And this has been the pattern of the venue of America in the hundred of America the hundreds of America and from Okinawa in Japan, Stuttgart, 2021, in Germany, Incililis and the Diampyarakim in the Philippines.
That is why the ipioning as many Nigerian people, say it is for virtual meeting with the Secretary of the United States of America, Antony Blinkenken, said the President Muhammadl Buhari told President Buhari to consider the matter as a Europe States States of German military) in the southern Africa.
We are doing that with this call, President Buhari made a way in Nigeria to host Afriricomcomers.
At the first place, it was breached for President Buhari to do that meeting with the American Secretary of State.
They are supposed to do the meeting with Blinken's Nigerian opposite number, Geoff, who was taking the detail to meet president.
Yes, Americans are super-power and all, but procol is protocolll and strictly follow it in every circance.
We understand Nigeria is a big place internal security situation that seemed to be the best efforts of the government and security establishment for the nation to tackle it.
Terroristist in the North East banditry, kidnapping, kidnapping, farmers/herders clash all over the country and the taking of its targeting and security personnel were killed and cnforcement, including the destruction of Nigeria and other institutions in the South East pandemic, which has been bagedagedaged in the country.
But despite that, the call for a host Africoming on Nigeria Nigeria “ consider against various issues of this moves to justify Nigeria to justify Nigeria.
Afriri was one of nine of the command that the American military had been established to serve America the interests around the world.
By the rule of operation and this command, this commands, particularly the ones without Afriri, they were not set up primarily concern for the security of the law and law of the coverage of the coverage.
They did so when such issues affecting the interest of America direct America directly in the area and for such situation, they are not mandated to yield modus operperandi and shares with the local security and law.
If they set Afriri up in Nigeria, it will be an island on the islands onas for its access to Nigerians and establishing all category of all categorying with the ter area of the fitorial area of the law, which will be limited into Nigerian law.
Speaking without the military base of America the Americans, Africomcoming depending on disruptive intelligence operations and the act of act-abotage and destabilisation against the country against host.
In this particular case of Afri, part of his original concept of his original concept, the strategic influence of Nigeria has grown in West Africa and Africa as we have successful peace in which we have a successful peace and Sierra Leoneerra Leone of peace around the world.
The held before Afria was the Africa Crisis Response Initiative (ACACAC) which the Clionon administration set up to counter the strategic administration of Nigeria in Africa.
The Secretary of State, Clintonon, the dour-faced Californiaed, attorney-fopherer, War Wars, a visit of African countries to sell the ideas.
But because Nigeria is the target, he pointed to him from hisine.
Sens, Sen who did not far from Liberia and Sierraerraerra Leone, it should be the coordinating base of the AC and RIP) assistance to facilitat the initiative assistance of Americanarian issues, secret ctototocolctlicl Nigeria and targeted secessionists in Nigeria.
Due mainly to undisguised hostilityility to the idea from France, which was little to see the Americansss were trying tot into an existence to consider its exclusive sphere of influence, review the concept of &ACRIs.
During the review, a expert of itericaicaica Militaryce, political and institutions that the America America which was considered by the Americans sessions, the need to set up and realise the need to be set up to the continent to have already covering the continent.
Thus, to follow the recendation of experts, who spoke to all anglele of political and security establishments in the Bushed in America, is the Bushor Cushoror Cushed up with the mandate passing on Nigeria but to keep the strategicing the strategic again.
The Central Command (USCOM) was to the Middle East and Asia, so Afriricomcomcomcoma, as it is to be able to Africa, Europeanan (EU) as Stuttgart, Germany, London and Southern Europe.
The presence of French military has been surrounded by Nigeria as they in Niger, Camun, Chad, Chad and Benin.
The America also has also been drapped in Niger.
To add Africomcomers in Nigeria would amount to a complete cappulation of our strategic interests to both France and America.
As we have it in mind that our strategic interests and profile in Africa are not in Africa with the one in France and America, to host Africomcom in Nigeria to be the same thing like a woicuted cage.
No, in the insecurity cah was in the country which our armed forces cannot cope with.
This is one after the military forced eventually secure and Seirra Leone against army of insurgents, who are well-entented to organised in the country from a long logal line from a hundred-s of thousands of chohogionons of Khohogya and the military supplying armyononononlilililililililililililililitonononononononon
He was regrets that the Nigeria military, has falled from high standard of high standards, and struggled to cope with the activities of non-state actors internal actors.
But intrinsically and essentially, the military in Nigeria still carrying the capacity and capability to defeat this threat to our nation if they are able to correct the correct leadership, motivation.
We need all as well assistance and coopration when the American people can give us if they want to give us.
But as they able to host Africomcomers with our circumstance in view of its anteententent implication and implication, in our strategic interests, in our soils, in our soil.
Despite a face of challenge, Plateau target, Plateau target tons of Irish potatotoa.
In Nigeria, Plateau State is nomba one of Plateau State that Irish potatotototototoa as it is in nine local government areas of the state.
The Pota Vin Chainal Support Project of the African Development Bank Bank (AB)itiitiatively held Plateau State per cent of 90 per cent of the country likedatotototototototoe of Chad, Niger, Benin Africa and other forms of Nigeria.
The large number of production in the Plateau State, according to Potatototototo-coma, who is the leading source of global potatoto-raraah, has made the four countries in a sub-saraah.
However a farmer, a farmer, said the damging and bad road network, including as the cost of fertiliser and other input should be able to stand as major setbacks in the production of the nation and export.
Others challenges contributed to low yield and loss for harvesting in harvesta value chain as bacterialialialial which is poor, poor, seedsling.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State, among the tenest state in Nigeria as the poverty rate of 70%.
However the state has a reviewative advange economic activities by improving the competitiveness of the potatototoy value chain.
The project Coordinator for the Potato Chaing Support Project, Thomas Muopshi, said the viibility of the tubersility of the tubers in nine local government areas in Plateau, Bokko LGA and Manked the LGA of LGAs of the hub.
They were LGA of any LGA of any LGA of the country.
However Muopshi, Muopshi, said adapapaple research indicated that the remaining eight LGA in the state could plant, that one will make all 17 LGA of Plateau LGA, especially in the dry season.
However, the Association of Potato Farmers (APPF) in the state, said the challenges they address the challenges facing the value chain, production and export, export atotototo-tototo-totototo-tototo-Ato Farmers.
Chairman of APF in Plateau State, Lazarus Making Making Making an interview with a daily public interview, said the inadequate residential areas, especially in the remote area where they plant plant plant, burgatototototo-gatototototovon of input.
He said the cost of mechanised farming which could increase farming production as the majority of farmers of farmers, is unableableable to afford mechanization, he said.
Another farmer, Martha, who is a Mamg, which plant potatototoe in Ampang in Mangung LGA, said there are not in a large number of harvesting every year.
Beko of this, she said, The majority of farmers were searching for the taking of â€TMs farm to take irrigation water for the farm, she said.
Martha also explained that the high cost of fertiliser preventing many farmers from improving quality of yielding, adding that if the crop is not affecting the crops.
The cost is also preventing many of us from expanding the business.
So, to get fertiliser is not easy for us.
She said the construction of more damin boring in irrigation leads to many production of potatoes.
If the watre does not reach for the crop, it will be able to dry and then then, some farmers who have the resources is the resources to be boring in Manguleholes, without this season, there will be difficult for irrigation, she said.
Irish poted in Jos, in Jos.
Production to 7 millions of metric tonnes after they completed metricb.
Witatototoond in Plateau State, 1,650 metric tonnes, metric tonnes in 2017, metric tonnes, metric tonnes in 2020, the establishment of Pota Chacupport, the establishment of Pota Chain Chain Chacupport, metric tonnes, 2020, the establishment of N6 million metric tonnes made to seven million metricbution to seven million metric tonnes.
The officer who Monitoritor and Evaluates Potatotoital Chain Support Projects in the state, told Daily Trust that the state started the state started to complete over six million of the tudaitoritoritoritor and seven million metrics for seven million, 2021 would be in the year.
However, Yakubu said the state government tackle other challenges facing other challenges facing the farmers, especially as a result of fertiliser and road network, as they expected to be expected to take proper pota farming.
Our correspondent gathered that the tissue culture lab, which intends to improve potato-totoa-to-ftoing pests and other forms of pests that are expected to be deployed to the full months of operation.
Yakubu said it was certain that the mostdve of the labb will improve income for farmers and revenue for the state government and also helped food security in the country.
Farmers, in Plateau State, however, believed that the tissue la, if it is fully equipped, reduced to the cost of treatment in the crop in the country.
They also hope that better quality seeds are available for affordable price.
FG has not returned £44.2.22m has been to Delta Account for Delta Account.
The Office of the Office of the Federation (OAGAGF) in Wednesday that the Federal Government has not returned to £44.2 million has been recovered from former James and Iiiiving to delvvvvs.
They were still waiting for the money after that they would resolve the issues without further action.
In now, there was noddd money to go any Delta State, revealed a statement from the office, which the director of information, Press Public Relations and Public Relations Ohawbike.
The statement said it has not been to resolve the issue of the £4.2million which has been said.
During the previous comment of the National Assembly Accounts for the National Assembly to return to the Southern government of Delta, Henshawbike, said: Agfbike is only about the general commenting about money as ecorendorant of the state.
The three Super Leaguehead did not agree against UEFA-Acionion.
Super League three three Atleti Madrid, Barcelona and Jualiansventus insisted Wednesday that they remained to take modern football football football even as UEFA.
UEFAA has opened this formal disciplin on Tuesday against the three clubs who refused to give up the Super League projects that has already been able tottt.
In a combined statement, Juventus in Italy, and the two Spanish side, said they remained to take modernised football through the UEFA.
Barcelona, Mealian Laws FC and Real Madrid CF wished to express abunolute, insisting that the insist, UEFEFAEFEFEFEFA has been able towards the relevant institution of the statement in the statement, as the statement said.
This is to raise the alarm due to breach of the decisions of justice, which has made a clear statement to warn the UEFEFEFEFA to stop any action that could be punished during the clubs of the clubs when they found the legal matter on the matter.
Therefore, as UEFAA-mpinary proceedingsing incomprehensible and direct attacks against the rule of law, which has been built up with a citizen to build up a European Union, a lack of respect for the court of justice of justice.
China has given 140 million COVID-19 vaccine.
China has led 139.97 millions of COVID-19 vaccine as of April 4, 2021, as the National Health Commission (NHC) of the country.
Chinas works to ensure that vacccination efforts for major areas and key sectors are based on the all plan, in the country, inoculatatatating as wide as well as well as to progress and Lingang Peoples SHngu SHngu SHnguousuousuption of Americansuduous, U.
The country has been gathered that resources to ensure resources in the city of a large large large largest size, cannabis, area which has been able to have a high risk risk of infection, including a key group that includes interested in public sector in universities, and facultymarkly supply, which has been able to ensure that has been able to ensure that has been able to be achieved.
In present, Beijing, 195ghai including some places in Chinas a senior citizens which has given the vaccine, which is above the ages 60 and patience of 60 to get chronic COVID-19, which has a physical physical physical condition.
He 92inghua, who officially official in the NCC noted that the commission would advance the vaccination of order order to follow the importance of priririciy, voluntary participation, voluntary participation and free in freeness.
The country are engaging in a regular prevention and control with his vaccination efforts, to ensure that the regular responsibility of local government and the words were fulfilled to advance them, and advance advanced to advance vacation and secureduation and secureding more manners, and securedful forcedful and securedful and securedful forces.
Besides, China has taken step to take more people in vaccination campaigns to ensure their health, the official, adding, the official.
So far, China has suspended COVID-19 vaccine in the five enterprises of five enterprisesal marketing or emergency use.
Phase III of three vaccines which has not been activate and adovov of the vaccine as a efficacy meet the requirement of National Mdical Products Administration for China and the New World
Phase the trial for the recural geo-liunit vaccine as a emergency for vaccine as the vaccine is safe and eveybed to be safe and could cause his response.
All the COVID-19 pandemic which adopted the China through clinical ministerial clinic, which led to relevant standard, national regulatory organizationy to organization and began to be held after held after the head of NC.
All vaccine is supposed to monitor and training from temperature recorded from time to make a requirement for temperature to meet on temperature and transportation.
Li added that Health regulators in China has also enhanced efforts for the training of health workers, require them to obeying instruction, so they can guarantee the efficacy and safety of the vaccine.
Wema Bank is able to contest for children.
Wema Ple Ple Pleatively hosted little competitions testing the creative ability to young children of five children who are aged 12 years.
The 2021 Royals Eddie Esay Competition, Competing and Winin, aim is to develop radical skills, promoting and promotes cratingation capacity, rewarded for their enabling process.
Ten kids will emerge in the screening process which will be transparent, credible and thoroughly effective.
The three essa said they would go into Huaweit tables and Royal Knot, Royal Kis T-rts T-rts.
The remaining remaining seven people entered the final to N20,000 prepaid card each school supplies and brands T-rt.
The vey competitions got open to children children who were open, including Royalddies Account or wards, and willnt close to the May 24, 2021, 2021.
From Hushpuppipipuppi Rufai as Sang Tangâ
Twelve months ago, Ramoni Abas (37s), Abasss) know as a hushppuppi in June 2020, was called for his money to do money from its business and other scams deilililils who were able to targets and in English club.
The total money made its $4 million in $4 million after defraud 1,92,400 victims.
After a year, Federal Bureau of Investigation of Investigation (FBI) also arrested Abii Rufai as the Sang Sang Tang), Senior Special Assistant on Ogun State, Dapo Abiodun, Dapo Abiodun, Dapo Abiodun Dapo Abiodun of Airport for $61 State, a scam $6,000 interested scammies of a scammy) $37.
The money which was sold to relief money in the COVID-19 State designed to have loss of job job job because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
It was in during the lockdown, the investigation and the investigation tracked by the alleged fraudstersterstersters law in Nigerias Federal House of Nigeria, Repativeative if Ibuu North/Ibu North/Ibuuguu North/Idu East/Ogun).
They do the fraud by stealinging identity of Washington-based residents as dm filled a false claim with the Employ security Department (SD) in the pandemic, which is
They create new e-mail account for each of them stealing, for the claim to escape the claim to escape an detection, there are new system.
After that, they have been paid over $28 to his bank accounted in America between March and August, 2020.
Cyberes a global threat to people, organisation, in the country.
Nigeria is more than $12 billion to cybercrimes in the year.
By the time, 2021 would end the world, the total of $6 trillion trillion.
Till date, there is over 40 people people who are in the FBIs still investigateed in fraudulently scams.
The arrest was also a loyfited fraud in the Rufai of the COVID-19 fraud in Nigeria.
This is a scam in the loopholes COVID-19 pandemic, which has caused to be scammed by the government.
During the COVID-19 lockdown in Nigeria, the cybercals rising fraud along the interventions from the government and private sectors of  scamm and some of the scheme were still till
Domino pizzaza is fraud, federal government cash-gerative fraud, N20, 000 relief funded funds and relief as other ones.
When some of the cyber-crily outside Nigeria, some youngsters were able to do it.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) were arrested, not and convictics.
To understand the culture of the cyber-criism can help serious governments to fight the crime.
The family is the largest world in the larger society.
It should be able to benutured by human forces in the society.
Aside from the fact that many family in Nigeria in the dungeon of poverty and it hard to take care of children, some of the children had becomes children, as to be able to become the leg, it is noitedited.
Ethical training for many hours, they have been able to arrest parents including the cyber-criism.
For some other places, yahooohoo is a form of association with which children have been nded to justify the criminal.
In the religious set, pastors, arra and tradidistististing homealist, benefit from yahoo-booyism.
Moal teachings and Pententecost of Youthalism to enter.
He has a viral video where some boys spray spray, while people like a shepherd in a white church , church was enjoying the moment, as a member of females which is members of the churching record.
It was born in 1999 when Nigeria entered the democracy against 21, now.
Sadly, there was able to be able to believe that such a way of politicians mouths from a lot of cases from home home to vote for their votes to vote for them to vote for those who are not in the promised.
Lyyving also is the foundation of the socige of hushing.
Youths are socialise in corruption by people people in public office.
They were seen how the system given far as far as well as soft landing (in public or private).
Do they ask how many fraud and corruption allegation that have been investigateed with the punishment of the accusion ?
The lot of cases with off with off off within the Nigeria Delta Development Commission (NDC) case like a case like family affiraira.
The youth are seen as marking a flamyant lifestyle in the flesh.
They were seen how pooritcal aspirants become millions of months in the office.
They were seen how traditional institution has become a cash and carrying out-mancy titled.
Tertiary educational institutions, with a few months award award for undeserved honouring undeserved honours in exchange for money.
All of those weu mismanaged are soft landing.
To further lists of cultures that is nutures in the cybercrime soil is the veryly driven by some industries as the cybercrime work and game as all of all who are not done and that are not in the crime.
If we electronic fraudulator, it will make law law against the crime ?
The process that the partys party nomination of the party nomination-nomination-nomination need if we want to stop importing problems, deticunununbobotics, which has already been moral loss.
It is unfortunate that the critical reason for the partys leaders would be low when they showed money.
They gave the platform for qualities to cover up and the society, they are able to take action.
Greeks also caused the cyber-crily.
The FBIIs agent, Rufai, Donald Stories said there are powerful mottivatpor.
Unfortunately, the greedy position of the defending of all taxpay.
To move forward, we cannot live in sin, expect grace to Akpabio.
The Nigeria should be sanitised by the anti-coruption and made its policy in a place to take advantage of material lifestyles with accumulation.
We must have given youth in Nigeria by creating employment of employment, reduced poverty as a reward system of system.
The EFCC need to invest in technology and expose them to detective investigation to moderncrime loans as they were able to invest.
The commission had to finish its investigation before the arrest of FB to arrested the arrest huspupp Rufai and Abii Sai Sai Rufai as Saor Sangndy.
Unless they tackle the cultures in the universals in Nigeria with social engineers, cyber-criism will continue to spread.
Dr Tade, a sociologist secretary, writes this piece puudd2003 Adyahoo.
DRC President, an Tshi, has been deployed chaired in the African Union.
President, on theocratic Republic of Congo, Felix Tshi, led by the African Union on Saturday.
He entered on the first day in the 34th Ordinary Ssion of the Office of the Office of the Office of State and Govba.
He was coming to the president of the South Africa who was Cyril Ramal Ramal during the organization.
The Au will aim to address the bad impact of COVID-19 in the continent.
The union
They were in the 2021 of Arts, Culture, and Heritage: Levers for the Africa I am able to be able to take.
Despitee the country and continent- control control control, the impact of COVID-19, financial and financial cost, soci-economic cost in Africa, as Tshi, said.
The crisis has given us the opport to re-examated our socio-economic priorities and work towards sustainable economic growth that will allow a woman to contribute to our society.
We must rely on ourselves and looking for ourselves and looking for our problems.
Tshi, said the DRC said the DRC during his time as heading for the unions are looking to elevate voices.
It will also focus on sustainable development by Africa and in Africa.
We will work to ensure that integral well-beign, peace and security, health cared against COVID-19, including food and security.
Agricultural transformation, education, gender equality, for people and goodness to move freely, freedom of speech and enhance our commoniterages to enhance our commonic site, languages of the world, in Africa, which will be able to take in the city centre.
New conditions in Lagos, PDP concerning LG polls.
There are fresh challenges in Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) concerning the release of the guidelines of the conduct of the local government elections, which has been released to the state of the state.
Doher which have been battled with many of his colleagues in the State Working Committee (SWC), which led to its suspension recently, has been released for Friday.
It will remember that the State Independent Electoral Commission (LLIEC) have released the timetable for the elections to take on Saturday, July 24, 2021.
In the internal strife, the State PDP released the guidelines, which the guidelines, which we heard was not good for the eyes of the most of the executive member of the past long.
A member of the State executive chairman, said the chairman plans was the timetable unilated and not involved other executive members.
We later heard that the other faction of the party was given to Doher can counter the embadttledd Chairman over the guidelines.
The executive member of the condition, said the position of the member of the members of the public, insisted that the week, insisted that the executive key of the executive members of the executive
How it feels to be born in the pandemic in By Jahan.
When news of the death of death, one new life brings happy and even hoped.
In January 1, 2020, one new morning, two red line changes my life.
I am very happy and happy .
It was a mamzing to new year.
It was the most remarkable year of my life.
All of a sudden, every meeting changed.
My daughters Roomonon for the end of the first lockdown, Bahaka, Basaka, Bangsh; she is now nine-old daughters of my father Roomononon at the end of the first months at the first of the first month, where she had entered on nine-old has entered on nine
She was the reason I was myself in the middle of the global crisis.
It was not only her born, but also new me, tara, who spent the whole pregnancy in lockdown in the house and children children in the emergency condition of the emergency in the emergency.
He has seen the world with a mask and isolation.
Her grandmother was also feared to touch her or near her or nearly mask.
If the pandemic is not, my journey to take into different.
This is the very special as my children are in front of my children, look smile and smile.
In the last mother day, she was growing into me.
The only thing that no change, mean awhile is the pandemic.
It was the 16 weeks of the pandemic when the pandemic, and the world entered lockdown.
I was able to survive the pandemic with my homonal and physical changes.
The 22 weeks were like to war.
My husband, Sina Hasan How is a musician and all concerted are following the time.
I am freelance since January 1, 2021.
Therefore, we are not depending on what I have saved, and spending all my savings.
Our parent and two journalists came forward to help forward to the main time.
I am fearing everything.
Most of the time, it was like that he died.
I was knocked on our door.
I am a da to new life that is an online we click and deliver our things or home-delilivery.
I have to wait for one week to deliver deliver deliver deliverroceries as a day.
I even feared to send the only family member of the lives with me, my husband to buy food storage.
So, I didn't eat.
Beside also, I could not go for mytenatal check-up as they take me time.
And I am not sure if my children are growing to welwels if development is able to take place.
I am very sorry for my children that I am bringing into the world from as it never.
It was tele helped me more than some of the last three months in the last three months.
I forget the face of my gynaccian.
I cannot imagine if she is able to look to PPE.
I need to informate about risks, precautions, and how I can get an emergency medical help.
Many informing them are flown around.
In this informing them, mothers mother often experienced my mother, and my mother-lare can only support me and nodddddd people in the past.
Trature, experienced mothers and mostly older women in the family to help new mothers were able to experience with obvation.
I have been a lot of funding because I don't have information and understanding.
So I am a digital experience of mother who gave birth to this time.
I saw social media as lifeline.
I read many exciting experience in social media when I was being in a group of 100,000 womans over 100,000 and which was given to survive each other to survive the pandemic.
There are some media groups in the plam has helped 100,000 women which gave birth to children children as well as they share in the lockdown.
It was one of the group helped me toakth care to take its decilitygencygencystravel bleedinging bleedinging, in the lockdown.
Another group helped to stop anxiet and the depression with children.
I am ex that I could not meet my parents, relatives, or friends to share the joy I welcomed the new member of the family.
My daughter was born on August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimped Maternity, where I was born for decades ago, 2020, I was born in August, 2020, I was born in the same hospital, where they were born.
And she met another child on one of a few months in December 31, 2020, when the four old old and her father to the roof of me to see the fireworks.
Anotheramily with two baby, my neighbour in the first time also met in the first time to talk to 2020, in 2020.
Every day, and it is also a gift, to consider the recent statistics of the COVID-19 cases.
When news of the death of death, the new life brings happy and hopes.
In her mother, it was not different from them to win war as children in the pandemic, and they were cared for the new children, to confirm the safety of their children.
Socially, it is imposed, and physically, this time may be a challenge.
Thanks to the light of the shine in the eyes of the baby of the baby.
Thank you, my daughter, my daughter, who was a successful fight, was successfuler and the survive of this pandemic.
The Arose Afand Jahan has kept the National Geographic Society's Emergency Fundist,
National Geographic Society Society of this work.
The national question, insecurity and the declaration is in Asaba.
By Segun Seyri
Recently, while governor in the souther Nigeria were met in Asaba and made some kind of resolution on the state of the nation, which has been called Asaba, which is called Asaba, which is called on Asaba.
The meeting is coming on the matter of the matter of insecurity in the country, agitation, some ethnicistist and murderors as the matter as the matter of the matter of the matter, the matter a nationwide.
Indeed, the bi-partisan of the meeting which the meeting has incimity of the 17 governor, which shows a serious business.
Restuctucting in the context of trueism and the ban of open grazing form of the declaration of the declaration.
Major, Major to bring the state police, devtion of power, to review revenue form of favour and favourerating uniting in the national question to discuss the nations question.
According to the way of the way tobernonosits were taken on financially to autonomy in the state legislature and judiciary, which is not called for the federalisms in the ruling of the ruling All Progressives Congress (APC) who led to the ruling committee.
One will expect the leading light of the APC to take advantage of the bipartisan nature of the Asaba as well as the support of the major opposition party to address the process to address the issue to address the issue.
Instead, we see attempt to play to the galleryy and for some quarter, subles censure of the governor.
The El-Rufai has recommended devfition of power, state police government, local government government, which is autonomy and reviewed inside revenue in favour of banditry, among them.
President Buhari has given support for local government, legislature and judiciary autonomy since he back amendment in the statute Order 10.
As the state of the nation, the security and economic, the economic challenge has become a big challenge, this two sector should have the unting attention.
Despite the number of Nigeria as a highest rate in Africa, we also have not been able to translate it to translate it to improve it and shared the majority of our people of our country.
For instance, our annual budget which reached $35 billion, it is very very “ inadequate to take up the need of 2 million Nigeria.
South Africas about 58 million peoples have a National budget that reached $75bn in 2019 and her Social Protection Programme to 17m populati.
The efforts of the Buhari administration's administration makes, though it is a new way and commendable, not in oceanananan and no adequate impact.
This is here devtion of power and resources will enter.
Solid foods and natural resources are not to stay more than one day in Exclusive lists.
According to all the state, the country is a natural resources that can sell the market to explore and generate wealth as a foreign exchange for the country should be able to generate the need.
The present system of state would be to Abuja to go to allocations for the federalocation of the country is not in adolence, not to follow the principles of trueism.
Just as the El-Rufai-Rufai took an proposed committee, saying the review of revenue in favour, adding that more responsibilities would be responsibilities to them.
On the state police, it was undesndablendable that governors were feared that governors would be able to abuse, but like Nortond, to fear, to escape, you have escape, not.
For long, we have been able to strip off fear of the state police, we have turned to the centralised line to the centralised Nigeria Force which has become
According to the vice-Pesidents Obaba, some years ago, the Police Police Police Police, has been able to come.
We have to address our fears and overcome it.
One in the way is to enact legal priests to establish the State Police Police Command (SPRC), along with constitutional amendments, along with the police police police police.
It would be similar that with the Federal Police Service Commission (PC) but it will be wider power to exercise a appointive regulatory functioned.
Do the ban on open grazing of the governors are not a nwewewe-mwe, it is part of the fulcrum of the National Livestock Transformation Plans (TPP) National Executive Council (NP) approved.
The International Chief Crisis (I) has putting the &TPP as the most effort to date to take overhaul overhauling the inhaul after the inefficient and gros livestock system.
For the biggest strategy is to take curb climates or open grazing and its risks between herders and farmers, saying, Igargargargargargaries, therefore, they were able to bampimed ethnic champions on the pre-ficoricicicicdicdicdicdics.
Let us the federal and stae government moved very fast to implement this new plan so that farmers can put this farmers-herders clash from time to time to behind us.
The convocation of the National Dialogue, which is a major demand of the Asaba, may not be necessary since report from the 2014 National Conference of recommendations of the Gov.
The two report was to be far reaching recommendations that the governor who elected and electronic assembly, in the national assembly can be agreed to be on, instead of the waste of another jamboree.
On the issue of separatatist, they bring them to modalities to make a referendumum for the constitution.
It is almost certain that many majority of Nigerias people want to live together, they didn't mind our differences.
To do this will take the sailoo in the wind of divisive devemnet, which is hated and discords.
The Southern Governor has affirmed the commitment to one United Nigeria on basis of justice, fairness and equity, so must every patriotic Nigerian.
Though we have a challenge like every other countries, we must listen to ourselves as the US President Joe Bidddden often said.
Torily live in Abuja.
Two officers have died as the IPOB terrorists were on the top of the police station on police station.
It was not reached to 24 hours after the new commissioner of police police commissioners in Anambrakerbikbikyio Owolabia resume, a terrorists of Obosi Station, in the state Police Station, and two local government officer of the state officers in the state.
The terrorists were able to attack the police station on Wednesday, they were free all those who are being able to set the station on fire.
One of the police station, which was affected that the lot of many terrorists had entered into the police station around 11pm.
He identified the officer who died as Inspector James and Ourlu.
The source said that the victims were killed in one of the station, which was not able to be close to the police station.
The source also said that when the police officer of his duty was identified on unusual movements of the gunmen, they ran into the attack and the attack to burn the police station by the police station.
Meanwhile, the police in Anambra has confirmed the kill of two of them.
DSP Toakwu Iken Iken, who was the Public Public Relations Officer (PPRO) which confirmed the attacks, confirmed the attacks, saying the state commissioners had been dispatched to assess the spot to assess the incident.
The tactical team of Police Command, the tactical team led the tactical team teams to see the allegations of the allegations.
They also urged the team to identify and join the licensed terrorists to do the attack, as he said.
Ikenga, adding that the body of the two police police had been in a nearby morgue, he said said the investigation on the matter.
NPC, Commonweal collaborate on top production of professional service exports.
The Nigeria Export Promotion Council (NEPC) and the Commonal Secrushed Londons to collaborate to produce reliable data for professional service in Nigeria.
When it talks in the in inaugural meeting of the National Consultative Committee for the International Trade-Services (NNNITS) &CCS) & Executive Directors, the Executive Director-Chief Executive Director Executive Director-Chief Executive Director-Chief Executive
Awolo said they have been tried to create awareness of the trade-in service of the economy, including as well as National Strategy for Ex Services in 2010.
He said the Commonwealal in Nigeria has helped Nigeria to develop one road-map for the sector in 2016.
The boss in NEC said the current focus of collaboration with the Commonal Secreta is on data/Statistics and management.
He said this is critical to our efforts in export as it will fill the gap for the gaping or capt data from relevant institutions, in order to generate, a statal and use statal on professional and stating in the global Service of globally.
NITDA, firm launches in July
The National Information Technology Development Agency (NITDA) and one firmd in the United States has signed the Challenges that has signing financially support between 10-up and 15 to reach the full potential for 12 months.
Director General General, Kashifuu Inu Abdullahi, said this on Tuesday during a virtual media engagement with local officials of Mas.
Abdullahi said the initiative was designed to identify the initiative to identify and accelerated cups of Nigeria and growth to serve the Nigeria and global market.
The DG in the NDA which said they would launch the initiative for July adding that it will improve innovation-entrepreneurship and entrepreneurship in the country.
Starting in a vibrantth highly critically to the future of our country and a Vital solution to make our various challenges.
Innovation is a prominent way to create properity for all and to lift the country into poverty.
The CEO of MasCaltlenge, Siobhan, said the firm has suport over 2,9-up started over 2,9-up across the world and the firms has generated generated $6 billion revenue.
Kidnappers were taken two women in Abuja
Kidnappers have been taken to two women, Christiana Isatah and Fuwamppolobi with Kppolobi, Abas, Abaji, FCT.
A two victim, who was Mrs. When Ruth Attah, a retired school teacher, told our reporter on her house, around the incident happened on Saturday.
She said she was sleeping and sleeping in the kids when the vigilantes entered into the house without guns, she said.
She said one of a window to take the room with her children and left the gun with guns in hand, she said.
When the girls noticed that they were trying to break the window, they run my room and the kidnappers, the kidnappers were able to follow my room, and they left all of us, she said.
According to her, the kidnappers were left to her after some few years metres, when they were not able to see able to the old age.
It was when we crossed the river, which I could not go to the other gang told me to go back home with my two pkking, she added, she added.
A resident, who was able to be able to the kidnappers, said the operation of more than one hour, as they were shooting to them from them.
He said no security man was here when the kidnappers came to shooting a air in an hour, he said.
Daily Trust learnt that until that very day, the woman and her children were having sleeped in neighbouring home home home and they were feared to fear that they were very few to the kidnappers.
We also gathered that the daughter of the woman of the woman, who was able to prepare a wedding for next month.
The spokesperson of the police command in the FCT, that ASP Maryam Yusuf, refused to address a text message to a text message to her husband to take her to confirm the latest incident.
Why I run into into Anambra Anglican Priest Priest
A Anglican Priest Priest Pwin Okonkwo, said he was a race of the November governorship in Anambra state because he wanted to bring the fear of God and knowledge of the knowledge of the state on governance in the state.
Okonk who spoke on Wednesday, after his supporter followed his supporter in Awka, the Anambra state capital, said the state was lag behind in terms of good terms of governance.
The people who are not able to manage the resources of Anambra State in the good of the Anambra people.
I believe that we can do better than we management resources the resources of the state.
We have to move ourselves from lukews at the leadership of leadership.
I was in Apccence to change the poor outing out the party has the state for the past years, as he said.
Barty had beaten Kvitova to play last four matches with Badosa.
Ashleigh Barty will take on Paula Baados in a semifinal of Madrid after beating Kvitova, 3-3 3-3, 6-3 on Wednesday.
World Noly 1 Barty chased her fourth singles title in the year after Stuttgart 10 days ago.
In the last four she would face the woman who beat him into a quarterfinal in the early April.
On Wednesday, the Australian wasn as the top against person who had won the Wimbledon of two times as 2015, 2018 opened winners Kvitova.
Wedcartd Bados become the first Spanish woman in the tournament that have been on 12-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-5 win over Belhic.
They were arrested 22 to three of Pharaoh in Egypt.
It was twent-twoonononies of phara1 which of the street of Cairo on a surururururing a stunning royal Vuse on Tahrum to the new National Museum of Egypt (MEs) in the CivilalMEs) in the F.
It was the event as the launching of NMEC.
Against the backropropropropwork of fires, the mum of four kings and four leftens“ travelled in order of age-cobuilt-coharaics, praicedic praicicics, with an gap to the air, a vibrabborbbed name, a vibrangtion in English system, webedorbed names, the air, then, then, then, and a
Seqqualen Tao II, Upper of Egypt around 1,600 Bpper, led the School, while Rameseses ixes, who ruled the 12th century B.CE.
According to the strict international standard of the transported artififacts, the royals remained in state-the-the-the sterile to guarantee cases to guarantee them.
Those maic was 60, 150s, and a pharaicicicic nowned Egyptian maian ma-maest Abbas Totucond which usually follow the extradition.
The procession started with a a a little circle, the circle of the Tahririr Square, close to the Nile to NMEs, where Egyptian President Abdatta Etta, who has been able to welcome the permanent home-Sisi.
The travel-minute in 40-minutes participation of 12 celeb in Egypt, while 200 industries global channels broadcast.
The pricelele artififacted the next two weeks for the NMECtory labors, where they will prepare them for installation in the Royal's Hall, which is in the Royal's reign of King kings.
They will open the Royal Civies Hall to visitors in April 18, which has been able tojam World Herit Day.
To promote the launching, NMEC were offered 50 percent thiscounting price for their ticket to the Central Exhibition of visitors from April 4.
To join, representatives of local and international media has the opportunity to take pictures of the artififacts in the Central Exhibition of free Hall of April 4 and 5.
Overlooking Ainin is the heart of the historical city of ustats near Babylon, NMEC, NMEs, a large large largest and most important of the largest museums that are in the entire world and the first to the whole of Egypt.
Despite a prison in Kano prison considered illicit drugs
Pandemonium is becoming in Kano central prison in Kurmawa Thursday over bad drug.
The uproar started when the warder was in the prison, detected and annabis cannabis, which was brought on Thursday on Thursday evening.
When contacted, the Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Correctional Services (NCoS) in Kano State, Musbahu Lawal Kofar Nasarawa, confirmed the matter, adding that the matter how cannabis entered into the centre.
He said, It brings cannabis to the prison and our operating with them, so they started shouting,he said.
We have set up committees to look out out how kind of illicit drugs getting into the house; whether they put it in the food that comes into one of the prisoner or conivesive operatives of our operatives.
The action did nod anything with jail, was just uproarar, we have already described in a custoial centre, adding that he added.
Rumourantly, the prisoner was to break the jailer to escape as they rejected the foods to take a break, on the break, on, top, top they were philanted from philantist from.
The spokesperson of the NCoS has debunkk the rumourour, described as well ass, the president said.
Daily Trust reports that the 100 years in the Kurmawa area, behind Palace of Emirce in the metropolis, the biggest custodial centred in the state.
FG is called for global action against terrorism, drug trafficking
The federal government has urged the world to give an international cooperation as part of efforts to fight terrorism to fight terrorism and other taking of drugs, including other crimes.
This is even as Nigeria expressed concern over the incident of bad financial flows from growth by developing the economy which has been developed in the world.
This is one of the position of Nigeria in the present conference of the United Nations Commission on Prevention andeclaration of Justice which will be on Viennanana.
Tok spokesperson of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Femi Babafemi, while the Chairman/Chief Executive of the agency, Brig-Gen.
Mohamededed Bubaet (Retd), which presented the position of Nigerias item in the 19C.E and 7C in the meeting as a nation deepened cooperation and strengthening the financing of combat the financing of terrorists to prevention and prevention from free payments from drug trafficking, he said.
It also very necessary to control and control of traffic as illicit traffic in the spread, drug abuse, which led to violence to violence.
Nigeria also worryed that the link is between terrorism and other form of crime like corruption, huminging, money laundering, illiciting, illicit drugs trafficking, cybercrime, trafficking and sggggling of conventions, said said.
When it delivers a statement from Nigeria from 6C on Wednesday, Marwa said the nations desired to improve international cooperation to address every other crime, Nigeria urged all the state, as well as well as to address a sincere efforts to address the plant from the planting economic of poverty, which include the planted economic practices.
When it presented the statement of the country on 7 on Thursday, Marwa said Nigeria notes with great concern the incidence of illicitence, we are passing through the financial system, from developing and developing analysis.
To take the advice of the people that include this bad institutions, including financial institutions that as enablers, the state party to ensure illicit financial flow, when they are not in the custody of the financial institutions, but to transforming it into its institutions for growth, which they should return to return to do so far.
In this regard, we are called for the implementation of the recommendations of the fact panels in support of accessing access to growth and 2030.
Timipre Syva, Kurfifififified as Chelsea takes to win Champions League.
Two prominent people in the former Governor of Bayelsa State and present Minister of Petroleum, Mr. Timipre Marl Syvya and the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association Association of Katsina State, Alhaji Aminu Balele Kurururfit titled on ad title after the late football win.
In the final of all English, former Chelsea shock Chelsea 1-0 1-0 in the Eadio,
Dragao in Ports in Ports to win the second trophy.
Kai, who is one of the expensive summer, lasted from the last scored the goal of defeat third defeated a row on pep Guardiola's City.
Moments after the match, the former governor (Jews) I supported Chelsea FC in UCLL) trophy, and I didn't regret.
Kurfis who watch proceedings for Abuja with Syva said he creates time to take the match with the former State governor to support and celebrated with him after the match.
I need to support him because it is avid fan of Chelsea.
I am also a little that for the end, he has a reason to celebrate.
No one knows his Excellency Timi Sprere Syva has passion for sports, especially footballs.
In my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I am a father of all supporter of different club in my state.
I am with Chelsea from loan to Katsina United.
From United, loan would me Kufri DTigers, and presently, I am in every club, while Kufri took a play like play.
Election in Tanzania: President Musevens were in the early lead, rivals, rival, a fraud.
President Turni Musevens have taken early in the pesidents on the Ugand, according to a result of the first to the electoral commission on Friday morning.
This is as his main rival has said he has a proof fraud in the election.
While it has been 29.4 per cent of votes from Thursday, Mustable wins 1,285222,26, or 63 per cent of the main opposition who has been 09.
WineJ fraud
Wine who singer is an atrocity that lawmakers youths in political changes with a call on Friday change, told news on Friday so that he has votes for the video that during the votes and vote for peace.
He has said that for one another to have confidence that he will win despite violence and violence, many.
Musavel, who led the country on East in Africa in a 46 million million of millions of people in 34 years have never said.
Internet black
Speaking on Wednesday, the government ordered them to block internet people till further, a day after a social media and megin appgina.
Wine and his supporters were used to show a coverage of his campaigns and news conference after he said many media outlets were refused to host.
They were under the election with the deadly crackdown on opposition candidates and supporters were in the hands of them.
The capital on Uganda, Kampala, Kamuity is bublelylylyly, while public holidays in Thursday, while their votes for many shop.
Soldiers were patrolable with legs in the rain-based a suburb of Reuters visits.
Commission, Simon Byabak, assured the nations on Thursday evenings on Thursday after evening closer closer to the national centre of the national centre of despite tally black nationwide.
We are not used to use local publications to take up the results, we use our own system, as it, without saying we give attention of the system.
Nor wori, result will come to, Byabak, said.
New pandemic has hit more more than a prefeture in Japanfeture.
Japanreadi has been expanded to expand the present state of emergency cover three prefecturs, as the government said.
This is with the infections of coronavirus publishers in the country ahead of the country ahead of Tokyo Olympics in the summer.
The preftureed in Hokkaido, Okayama, and Hiroshimashi, likely to get the results of Sunday to end on Sunday, Economic Revitalisation, Yasu Minister, Yinkish, told people people people.
A panel of experts, endorseing the proposal, as Nishura who are in charge of the coronavirus response by the government to address.
The northern island of Hokkaido report recorded 712 new infection on Thursday as the western prefture of Hiroshimashi, also seen recorded record of Wednesday.
While the infections were grown to Hiroshima and Okayama, the re-lay was supposed to be a public road for them.
International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach, Thomas Bach, should participate for the torch relavey event in Hiroshi in May 17.
However the local organizer has said they have been postponed to Bach the games of the games of the games of the games.
The postponed is as the government made the state of emergency in Tokyo including three other preftures until the end of May, and adding two as wells Aichikua, Fukum, Fukumk in the results of the matter.
The government urged the state of emergency in the four preftures in the April, they gave bars and restaurants to serve as a serve-chole and offered karam again.
Experts have given warning that there is more contractious, particularly spread, especially the coronavirus vaccine as very heavyince launched by mid-Fbuary.
Only one per cent of Japan's
They have vaccting 12 millions of people fully.
Farmers will benefit from mechanised for Jigawa
The Malam Alu Agro Slued Company, a farm, on 100-hectareres of land in Faru Nigeria, along Maiduguri, Birin Local Government Area of Jigawa State, has already changed the pchan Area of Jigawa State, the petroleumised for the Nigeria.
According to the farm, almost five years ago, as we were able to direct response to the administration of the President Muhammadu Buhari, said Nigeria to return to agriculture as the mainstayy in the economy, in the nation in the country, as they were relying on the impact on revenue on revenue for the country.
Each cattle has nombamba tag that attachd to ear.
Founder in the company, Farou Adamu, Aliyu, a former member of the House of Repative key to him, the GGMP added.
We do green farming.
We have 10,000 square-metets that are fully automatsed soilhouse, where we are produce tomato.
We also have two 250 square-metreets where we produce other greenhouse, and other 500-metrehouse, we use as nurseryryry.
This greenhouse are all in the foreign-orient, which we have installed to produce varieties of vegetable.
It is only tomato that produces in the 10,000 branched soilmated green PUs; and we produce an average of 10 to 11 ton tomato every week.
We are another 10,000 square-metreetetsicated greenhouse.
We also livestock sections, where we have over 300 of their cattle, some of the goat and sheep, as he said.
Daily Trust gathered that the farm also fishery of 50,000 fish, with about 50,000 fish in the pond.
Similar, one inty-ton perton/ton per fertilisering bleing plant in the early part of the year, as we heard 300 load, are going to be able to produce 300 loads of NPize fertiliser under the Presidential of the presence of the body.
We have imported equipment that can install 120,000 capacity in poultry system.
We hope that we will produce the produce between 3,000-4,000 crates of eggs in one day, as Mans have said.
He said the farm, also planted in the field, where the plant is able to produce 2,000 litres of milk, adding that about 150-200, he added.
Masurn said a major people who buying the tomato is a premium customers, notably in Abuja and Lagos, many located among others.
He confirmed however, however, the main market for the product of the product was mainly in eastern part of the country like Enugu, Owerri.
However he, he argued that apart from the small customers have been in Kano, they were not seen tomato product in a local market, such reasons.
First, the fact that the tomato meeting is a special speciciciable and second reason, the fact that Jigawa is the most major area of tomato.
You know that tomato is common product for here, so ouw priceed high markets across the open markets.
So, essentially, people dont have nodly look on our side, they are able to be apprehensive and believed because they believe that it are cost.
And when you have a product that is available to all the people, he will buy the one cheaper.
The farm is able to feed the fish.
As asked about the average of the averages of tomato product, he said, if you have given tomato everythimg, which is able to take up, pplement pples pples that if you feed it, when there are given to three weeks after the harvesting harvesting last weeks after the harvest.
But even without him, he would last for minimum of a minimum, not in refriation, and not in the presure and many heat.
You can put it on table where a better ventily.
It can lastly for average of 10 days, but if they provide everythimg for its requires (eri nutrient) he can last one month.
We have a trial, but then you are not going to happen as you are always going to be.
The farm is a source of employment for others who reached 200 in the village where it was.
He also said the company had some people to train the youth in the Nigerian youths in araae skills with technology.
He further said most of the equipment that used in the farm, except from Turkey, but the fertiliser-blending machine, which is imported from Chinas.
He said despite the farming meeting is like as it, for Turkey, because they have a Turkish partner which helped them to maintain the standard, but also little to allow Nigeria to run the tachical of operation.
According to the effect of the COVID-19 on the operation of the operation of the company, Mansurs said, Alu, while other corporate entities, persecution from the country, suffered from virus.
In Mansurs, youth in Nigeria did not excuse to remain unemployed with the kind of agriculture provides, noted that the people who are loked in a white-comlar job to adjust the reality and back to agriculture.
He believed Nigeria has been able to do what his will long time before, he noted that if the country has been able to take this step, the present economic challenges.
2023: Lawmakers to seek a better deal in Southern Kaduna
The member representing Jaba Constituency in the State House of Assembly, in Kaduna, who is a call on a better people to come up to a leapes and mlevaged strategies to Southern Kaduna Senatorial District of 2023.
According to a meeting with a stakeholders in Kagoro, Kaga Local Government Area of Kaduna State Local Government Area of Kaduna State in the weekend, being located in a senatorocratic party (PDP) have said the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) shouldnt cared for Kaduna people to abandon Kaduna people.
It was the entire time for the entire Southern Kaduna people to get it.
We need to transform our regions and improve security, education, agriculture, employment, employment and empowerment for the teeming youth and we will do it with a non-governal organization, adding that as it created our name.
The Director-General of the Campaign organisations of Timothy, who is Timothy Chindosam, said the dessal of the Kaduna Senatorial District of Kaduna Senatorial District would be represented in the Senate.
In everything under the sun, it has a reason for the sun.
So in the future of this critical period of this is not a ordinary coincidence, but Bible played from God to take liberate the region from everything that is by its growth, it is created to compete with other region,he said.
3 Africa, who is not Nigerias among among, while Chelsea are contesting for UEFAA Champions League final.
No doubt against the football of Nigeria was ready for the 2020/2021 UEFAA League finals ton two English clubs, Chelsea and Chelsea would be contested for the Eadio Eada Ports, Dr Ports in Nigeria.
With view of the fact that UEFAA League Champions League is one of the biggest football to FIFA World Cup and the Olympic football event, level level of unsuspecting parts of the Premier League has set to the huge Premier League.
As Manchest City has never won the Champions League title before chele wins them first and only titled in 2012.
Therefore, despite a football pundisct City, which had just won seven number of the night to win this night, Chelsea would be contested into the contestingentials.
It is a former chppion.
However, Thomas Tuchel has been empowered in Chelsea to win win the Champions League for Manchester City, his opponongout City of Manchester City du, Pep Guardiola has wined him as two times.
He won him with Barcelona in 2010 and in 2010.
Therefore, many are able to expect from the actingors to the field before Eadio.
Dragao in Ports and the men of the technical charged to charge of the technical area.
Interestingly, even as both contests have only three African players in Riyaiyadzzzddia, Manchester City, Hakim Zchchorococococott (MBororie) and Edoday.
Sens, Chelsea) interested interest in Africa in the final.
In Nigeria here, where Chelsea and Manchester City have enjoyed many followers from passionate footballs fans, expecting a feverever, and has caused a leader to interest to interest.
Fans of the other club who had been left to the other stages of the Champions League to re-aligneks in the Chelsea or Manchester City of Manchester City as well as to take the interest.
The consequence is that one of the final is one of the topics in sports at the moment and fans of the premiere club has continued to predicting as the final is the final.
However, as it was that almost everybody has been waiting to svour the football artistry which could display, some pundisptts are not able tomba players of the final for the biggest competitions in the country.
If we follow in history in the UEFA League, only 24 African footballers have been contested and win the trophy with European clubs.
It was sad that African football between Liberia's's George weah that were vote as World Football of the year in 1995,.
Rashing Yeki of Nigeria, Mohameded About of Egypt, Keny-Jay-Jay-Jaoch, Olinhise Sunday, Taribo, West and Las of Nigeria, Cameroon Rgoes of Egypt to win a ball for the Champions League win.
Although Moth Salah (Egy), Sadi Mane Mane (Sen), Joel Matipiper) and Naby Keita (GGGGG) are the big stage to win the Champions League final for the Champions League title of Zimbabwes, U.
He achieve the feats with Liverpools in 1984.
Alfeian legend Rabah arrived in Ports where he won him in 1987 and Abed Pele (GP) in 1993 and Pelea) in 1993 with Osseateiques, before Nigeria.
duoo of George Findi and Nwankwo Kanu lifted him with Ajax Amsterdam in 1995.
It was also recorded that the Geremi Njizap of the first African to win the title twice in 2000 and 2002 in the Spanish Real Madrid, Samuel Etoto-tototooano of three times, in 2006 and 2011.
Others who have won the high part of the Highsted trophy as Tankohan (GP)
Borussia Dortmund 1997, Kuffour (Ghanahan) Bayern Munich 2001, Bcarary (SSmmm FC, Dji4, Dji4mor Tra Tra Tra Tram ( "
& Liverpoolaya Toaya Toure (Cya Toure dIvoire)
Barcelona & 2011, Seytoud Keitaboud Keita (&i) Barcelona, Sully Muntaunta)
Interterter, 2010 and McDgaKenya) 2010
John Mikel (NG), Michael Essie, Michael Essiena), Salou dIvoire (Ceke dIvoire), Dr Didier Didier Digbagbagba-Cgba-Ckot (A) have wonnkiy in 2012 and ABrafM-Brafm League wined launched Europe.
To come close to home, the last time when Nigeria won the trophy was 2012, when Mikel Obiricans are among AFricans who lifted the trophy with Chelsea of Bayern Munice.
Following that achievement by the former captains Super Eagles, Nigeria did other talented players, Ahmed Musa, Alfred Ndidi, Kelechie Iheanacho, Iwola Williams, Williams, Oorala, Munhidehoces, Unhis Oty, Suce and Benyhighigkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkson Eagles, Ado C
But none of them have featured in the final of biggest club in Europe.
The reason is not clear.
It was the top of the five club in Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Manchester United and Liverpools dominated the competition.
Unfortunately, Nigerias players have failed to enter a highly rate in Europe.
It is hope of Nigeria stakeholders that very soon the new generation of players of players would break language and begin to play a potential to win the UEFEFA League.
If this failed, then the footballs were in Nigeria to continue to live with the agony of watching fisaksssss of the UEFEF-A League, without the presence of any presence of Nigeria.
As Nigerias people waiting for the next Super Eagles player which will rise to the top of the European club French club Nwankwowok in Aja in 1995 and $1 1995, where there is a few hours of all the next clubs.
For the end, the victory would be in the Manchester club who were  hunted in the first title of the Londeners who are prime in the football and the secondle of the football to watch the Premiership of the world, Premieralship will be ultimate winners.
Eyimba have forced FC IfeanyiUbah to 2-2ah to draw in the Orient ofbyby.
Enyimba FC was moved to secure one 2- draw with them week weekly fixed the reschchedules against brothers FC IfeanyiUbah FC in the international stadium.
The orietal derby saw three changes three changes to the teams loss for Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar a return after a weeks after he was laid off Anthonon Omaka and Victor Mbaom entering the starting line again.
The first minutes of the game saw as both sides were able to hit the first of the visiting side of the Saidu Adamu, whose home home home, hitting a close to him after Ucheuoh, who was headed to crossed to cross.
While the away have full control of the game, they had more confidence and that one will leave the host to get into the game with the first end of the first end in favour of visitors.
While they rested on the second half, IfeanyiUbah continued to press the second goal and have the reward of Saidu Adamu, Saidu Adamu has a brace to have Awae over the 61st minute.
While the second goal to life to life, Eyimba began to throw everything forrsal to have back into the game.
In the 7th minute minute, the presence of the presence paid off as Reuben reduced the deficitit for one lucky fashions.
It was anpppputing Uzigwe keep out his initial header but the ball back to it and ovr in line.
The goal gives Eyimba some hope as they continued to press a plunlunar to secure a point at least least least,
And they have this in 90th minute through the Obotots.
Following this result, Embamba has moved up to 5th position with 30 games points from 17 games with two outstanding matches.
Meanwhile, IfeanyiUUUbah was still in relegation zones as 17 points in 19 games.
Farmers are apprehensive as planting started with erraticgs.
As wet season started in most part of the season of the season, farmer has been able to fear with fear and erraticasas could cause production.
Raining is unsble for Benue, Niger, Kaduna, Kaduna and part of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), and many farmers have planted crops.
In the 2019/20 wet season, errabt season, erratic rain in the north-season-Ibom ded for the south-west farmers to failure due to failure.
Musa Yohana and Halimama Thomas, farmers in Domafia, Nasarawa State, said they have plantd maize, soybeans, casavavavies like casa and yams and yam horrible experienceding last season.
I loss my yams last year due to heated by the rain-welel.
This year, we have been on a second week in May but the rain has not dewel.
and I have already planted 15 power (about 20kg of groundnut.
If it continues like this in another week, I could loss all the seed, Mrhan took the talk.
Like many farmers around the FCT have planted too too, but they have a big fear of failure in the last year.
In Benue state, Benue state, our correspondent, our correspondents reproti said farmers have been able to cultivate land and plant over the rain.
Some farmer, who has prepared the farm for the tears that they cannot begin to be serving until a week ago, as others were roused to clear land at least three times within two weeks than two weeks.
A farmer in Otuk, Ada, A hyinthththth, said the ground was strong to cultivate a rain-quenterquenterquent.
Another farmer, Felix Tor, Ourdidi, said he had just planted me and maize on the farm, just as well as raintete no consistent.
Tor, however, the nature of the rainfall affecting the crop-being of the crop-being of the crop
He praying the yield to good in the end.
but Vitali Tarnonn, we have been cleared by 1,000 hectares of farmlands in the federal Untherfdidi (FUUU), Making the rain, said the rain would begin to plant maize towards the end of maize May.
Tarngu said one plant in breeding for the University has advises to wait until May 20 to start a plant to plant maize because the nature of the rainfall because the season had suggested that it was not possible for two weeks to fall on two weeks.
The chairman of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAAN), Aondgu Saakua, described farming as a business risk of risk.
Saakurt to farmers that were seen as business has taken the risk of its crop than the risk ofout risk of its risks in the end of the day.
Meanwhile, Dr Teryima Ioren, who is a seed seed specialist in FUAAAm, said farmers can be ready to plant with plant, tuberberons and tuberionion of rainfall this year.
Iororen said that the period, little farmers would have been able to wait, stressing that the suspension of NI-MET), which is in the Benue), which
We can assure farmers now now rain for stabilise, according to prediction NIMMET
Any nothing for for now will be drys.
I advised farmers to check water at the logging in the field for them to plant crops as they are to plant.
Rice very much water, so far have not been to plant.
But farmers can be built off and tubers, that includes yam, cassava, maize, maize and mel.
We believe that the rain has the rainstabilise.
Senate on a moururnurn late Army, Ahmed Gulak
The Senate, Senate on Tueday, held a minute silence to take an honour of former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, was killed with a strong eye on the sun in Owerri, Imo State capital.
This is one motion of Deputy Deputy President and chairman of the Senate on Constitution review Committee, Ovie Omo-Agege, in the floor of the R Chamber of the R Chambers.
Omo-Agege, one of his colleagues to be killed by the lawmaker, whose hired committee to assist his committee on amendment to the amendment of Nigerias people in the constitution.
Gulak was served as a consultant to the committee and entered into the public in Owerri for the review of the 199 constitution.
Although the programme is end on Thursday, Gulaks stayed on Sunday.
He was killed as an airport in Owerri on his way to Abuja.
Omo-Agege described Gulaks as Nigerian who does not do so, which he will best to the service of the country.
Also, on Tuesday urged the Senate to the federal government to its its its late Chief of Army Staff, Ltah. Ibrahim.
The red chaos, also observed a minute silence to take hoe Ltuorirus, Attah, who died a flight in Kaduna International Airport.
This is the point of order by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIN/prof-NANs NAN raise voices concerning thisenfranchisement of students by JAMB.
The Kaduna State Chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) in Tuesday, said thousands of candidates would not take part of the Joint Admission (JAMB).
examination on hitststes in NIN/Profiles code.
NANS chairman in the ste Ax, Axzizia Bello, in a statement yesterday yesterday, weued on Kaduna is this this JAMBgree with the JAMBgree with the JAMB.
Bello is called on an extension of the electronic registration instead of the life of the students of students to travel to the headquarters of JAMB to manuals for registration.
He noted that the news bullets who were released on Monday with the titles of the 2021 UTME: Option: Optiontion of genuine candidates for genuine candidates, but could not register with the management of the management has failed to face.
He appealed to a prominent Nigerian people to prevailing the management of JAMB to stop students of Nigerian students in Nigeria as they wanted to get higher education and develop themselves.
He urged the examination body to extend the registration period and postponed to apply justice and fairness.
