How was the dedi body of a civil officer in the grave of the graves that was not deep.
The dead body of woman who was working in the Nigeria Security and Civil Spps Corps Corps (NSCC) has been found at 18 month, was seen in 18 months, which was seen in the Benue area of the state.
until the time of the time, Josephine Cynthia Cyntegwu, works for NSgwu, work in NSC.Eo.
Cynthia is a little, Oti and Otogoo in the beginning of my marriage, just missing her marriage.
Some of her workers who refused to write the name of her family said her relatives were not able to find it in a small days.
This was said to be a market to buy things as she was prepared for her marriage, but she did not return home since.
One of the office of the office said the dead was the try to find it, noting that it was not so that the man showed that he had been burry.
The theman said the family was told to be the chief of his son, which was to kill him, for rotuation of money.
After his idisising the family and security was arrested by the arrest of the man, the man was taken into the Roba-West, before he returned to the South-West-West State.
When police had been killed by the couple in Otukpo, the familys of the dead, the body had left the body of the body where he was buried on June 1, 2021, 2021.
Mother or answering a message that was given on the top of the happening that happened, DSP Caine Anine, said, in the Benue, was not allowed to kill.
The spokesperson of the NSCC.E in the state, Asckwu MicP said if it was not said, he said, he would be said time time time.
But a person inru said the news of the dedidididi which was looking down over the security people again.
In the review of the review of the constitution: MUCRIC.Eia has been in the SouthWest before Christianity entered into Christianity.
The INC is told by a Muslim It has told the Penticost of Nigeria (PPF) to stop against Muslims, noting the business business.
The Director of MUCRICRICXq Akintola was on Sunday.
He said this afraid the warning PFN gave that any group should not use the review of the Senate Senate to use the use of sharing the south-west.
PFN and other Christianity knows that sharance in the south-west christity entered in 184.
It is a practice in the Ede, during the time of the time of obe, Abebbe Olagun (Abbebebebebebe (Abbebebebe) and that is the most often been practice.
The training courts in Ede also served at 1913, in Agbenk in the town.
Agbo was taken to Agbo in 1914.
I was assigned to share in thewowowoy at the time of Obaji Lamuy (Mude Lamude), who died in 1906.
Even so, the nomba svvn Akiki Ports, Abubakar Aliyu, who died in 1912 (12) has died in 1912) was killed in 1912) he was also in 1910.
All these example has been spreadingiah, and it has been spreading the Yorubaland, which said the christristian people were also in the Yristian people in Yristian law, which was pagan law said.
He said PFN and some other chorys in the south-lam has been grown in the south of the southern west, and fearing the giant of sleeping on it, he said.
He said the christian was knew that the right was the right to ensure that Allah has given Muslims.
But they are determined to allow Muslims not to use Muslims, but it is the new way to use them.
They are in mind that there is a warable fight, and that nothing is bad for wars.
They use both good and bad ways to do what they do.
They have called Nigeria's people to understand the mentality of the physicality of the Christian people here.
While it is a quick person, there is a quick anger, there is an attack to attack people, the only way that is the best way to defend them.
As a result, they are benefited from the colonial terrorists who reached a century, which they wanted all the things the things they could give them.
They have already been able to put on the taking of Muslims in the colonial colonial illicit drugs.
The joining a review of the constitution has said Nigeria's people should be written in the constitution to come.
Each group should bring the things they need to come.
Instead of PFN told the joining the christians that they wanted to think that they should not ask them, he said.
They wanted to block the Muslims in the south, but not to work.
He said the tolerance of religious tolerance in south, the south, is tolerance, and the said, it was to put Yoruba people in a slavery.
Muslim people in the region has been open up, and they were able to ask for freedom.
We are able to allow them to be forced to wear a christian uniform, to be christian school, to be christian law.
We wanted to shariah with those hand, but the sharing the sharation of a marriage mate, inhersitance and family affirira.
The thing is not a christians at all.
We will use all the way to fight against law, which is the right thing to do the right thing, as he said.
stakeholders in Edo have said Obaseki is a party.
As the People's People's Democratic Party in Edo State have a crisis of which a member of the South South South South South South South, Edo, has said the state would be said the state willnwin Obaseki and democratic good.
Edo PDP in PDP is a communique issued at the end of the stakeholders meeting in the Benin city of Benin city, said the leader of the party in the state.
In the statement of the secretary, Wilvbu Evbuwam read, he said the decisions supports and integration of new people to the executive committee into the state, said the state wants to be happyel.
The police, which was reported that the kidnappers were held in Abuja, even held in a guns.
The Police comes in FCT arrest eight suspected kidnappers in Sheneneji-Twawalwalwala, Kabusa village and Durii, axum of Abuja.
The spokesperson of the ASP Maryam Yusuf, ASP Maryam Yusuf, said a sitr on Abuja, said the suspect was said the name of the suspect was said by the suspect was said by the suspect of the suspect, Ibrahim Musa and Haruna.
She said the suspect was a member of a syndicate that was also also also led by the arrest of the Vice President's Association (NBBBBA).
Gwawalwalada, Barrister David Aigbefoh
She said the suspect was arrested during a huge intelligence operation in the command of the command from the Shenegugugugugugan mountains on the border of the FCT and Niger State.
She said the suspect was given a better informing on the things they had done in the country.
Yusuf Yusuf said a arrest of Nwiteideogogo, who kidnapped from Duri, said the suspect was accused of the suspect said that he confessively led to kidnap 5 million from his ransom from his ransom 5 million.
She said some of the exhibit wives from the suspect was three than three than a gun guns, relalas, a Hon, a Hondada Acde that four suspects said by other items and other items, adding that they added the arrest of the arrest of other members of the arrest of the arrest of other group.
She said the suspect would be investigateing the suspect to courts when they have been investigateed, as she had warned people who live in the FCT, especially parents children to guard off crime.
Suarezed strike, Atletico came to win La Liga title
The goal in Luiz has scored Suarez has been made to Mardrid Real Valladolid 2-1 on Saturday, it made the team to another remarkable victory.
Sudzing is a crying for the praying of the season seeking of Barcelona force forced him to end, but the season will end 21st goal for the season to win win win win victory since this league of the first league of Real Madrid ahead of Real Madrid
Athletico knew that if they would win the trophy, he did not matter what happened in Villareals for Villar home.
However, it was not a little time, as Valladolid took the early lead.
Real Madrid also is also out of the game, before Benzezema came into the 87 minute, and Lukas Modric scored late winner in 2-1 winner for 2-1 winner in Valde, which was also a long time to remained for a small time, as a small goal.
During the final final night, players run into the field, red larted by Surtzz, seeking the title of the title, which is unpable to endtabletable.
Sudzzzled Zone
It is more than a week.
coach Simon Simon Simone said this is the Suarez zones this.
and it proved that it is the Uruguay scored the Uruguay for Athised hand in a last week, which was scored on the last day that was scored at the last day of name at the trophy of the trophy of trophy.
This is the second time in 17 years in another team apart from Barcelona, Real Madrid has won the league of Athlet also win the other under the other underk against againe under 2014.
Aboutthlet started the game, said the game was top of December, since December, and as they took scored two goals in the last eight minutes to beat Osasuna,.
But the thh was not easy for Athowu season, as it was 10 pointed on February, and the point was reduced to the point of 2 in May, and the position as a position is not allowed to rely on Real Madrid and slililion.
So it was not surprised that the case was to face Valladolid came in 19 table, but also also.
A lot of a veryththletico have been gathered in Valladolid on Plazaza, and many of the stadium in the stadium where they were able to leave the problem.
The killing of Gulak has also been brought to people to a shout.
people shouting and mourururnk on sunday as they were killed.
Ahmed Gullak, before a former advisers to former Goodluck Jonathan on politics, by people who took a gun.
A resident, who was shoted in Obiangwu as he was able to enter the Mbakwe, a capital of Owerri, Imo State, said he wanted to enter Abuja.
It was yesterdays a funeral funeral parer in the Adamawa United from Adamawa, within a national mosqueurry for Abuja, after a burry for Guduas in Guduas in a body of 8pmary 8pmary 8pmary.
The police in Imo State said they were killed at least least six of the people who killed the All Progressives Congress (APC) after their fight.
A statement signed by Police Public Relation Officer, SP Bala Elkana, said on 30, 2021, as the police officers had killed Ahmed Gulak, had killed Ahmed Gulaks forced to kill the police, who had killed the police command (PJPG), which led to the LGAMGP), which to the command of the command of the command of the state.
DIr instruction gave the team to the team to be arrested by the people who are able to face justice.
The motce was said to have been killed by Gulak, was killed by killing police police police police police police
A lot of those who spoke, especially the driver of the mototo-to, who was described in the airport, has described the couple who have been described in jw.
They said it is a ota Camry in 2005 a silver colored colored the jinini, with me, with a goldest and golden color.
Toota Huxxx, a white Langer, and one Lex 330, mentioned gold.
(Dem does not take registration, because of security issues.
As a result of the people of the death, the death, and the â€€TM gave up the attack, while the attacking of the way the killer said.
With some other leaders, the team began establishing where the killer people were killed.
It was in a Afogu, which the suspect was in a suspect, in Anba-Mbaise local government areas.
It is as the various terrorists of the jw.org which is a huge trailerate.
It is on the fully fully in the trailer from Northern Nigeria.
As they see the police, the licensed couple in ja which protected fellow terrorists shot guns to guns,
The gallant and one who has ready for battle
police officer was also arrested with a gun for a gun.
The six women who were able to kill the dead, and four other members of the group had been serious injury.
They have kept three out of the four motototo-to champions.
Three47 rle, one pistol, five-K47 magazines which has a 92 round of live in a 92ununation, and criminal charms from them.
They were identified the terrorists as a member of the IPOB and ESNSC.E.
The driver who drives late Ahmed Gulak, and the victim of the survives the dedi body of the IPOB as a member of the IPOB as a member, and the ropoltatting and the same cars.
During the face of the face with the terrorists, two armorored a military armor was taken to police police police police police polices, but they were able to take a gun.
And the video within the after the attack shown that Gulak was thrown by a jeanerer, and a blue lart on his own blood, near the car within the cars left the car.
The chairman was the chairman of the Imo All Progressives Congress (APC) governorship primary election in the Uzdodim Udin to represent the party.
They even said he was even very close to the governor, he was visiting the state the state.
Why is Owerri
Although it was gathered that Gulak was visiting the Uwelododin, which was sitting on the public hearing of the review of the city of refuge in the last time to take the last time.
As the committee has been said, Gulak was a very saty back after other members of the city of the city of Friday.
Pesining a close to Senator Orji Uzor kept a chairman of the public hearing in Owerri, said the deceased who offered the ground the deceased who refused to come after Kalu said, but refused him.
According to the source, Kalu team was left to leave the city of the public hearing end, but Gulaks had been back to do things in the city.
The source said the day the day in the publikked finishing finishing finishing last, and we invited us to join us in our private ground without security.
But he said he had some to do in the city.
Nigeria's people have knocked on FG, and other politicss concerning the killing.
Nigerias people who are in social media also put hand in the ears fed and polical leader over the killing.
A person who spoke in the Facebook link in the reporter who Daily Trust published on Daily Trust published by Daily Trust published, said the death of Gulak was being able to come with politics.
The killing of my mouthly welel.
It is likely a politics that they are doing it, and the people are able to open them.
The death would expose people to the security challenges in Imo State.
It was one who invited him, and why they would kill northerner in Imo State.
I was fearing about innocent Imo people in the hands of the hands of the north of the north as he wrote to it.
Another commenting in the thread, Olur commercial system MicP, said the police report has proven that the police report had proved that the political killing was to investigate him.
It is a very time to say that police had a question to us.
In his own own part, Comrjar, the soul of innocent people are important than the scam United of the scam United States.
We don't refuse this illitacy, enofofof-ofof, peacemakers we are.
but does that pushes us to meet a wall in a city that we cannot continue to continue the peace.
I was sent to warning, we would go to retaliate and worst.
Buhari has failed usfully, and we face the face of the Imo police people to follow the country.
Accordingly, Nasiruwa also writes a call to the little people in the north, herders, herders, herders, now had been turned to northern government officials, including politicians.
Emma, who was a secretary of the IPOB in annnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnni, said he was not under the leadership of the leadership of the IPOB.
So, we said that the IPOB was not aware of any killed.
To pray with them, Gulak was a threat to our mission that has been killed.
We have nothing with him, and we did not kill him.
To be pointing on the IPOB's barbaric acts that is just to be diverted from the real people who did it.
It was the same way with a terrorist in the south uniform in the south of the south east, and the IPOB would come to crime, sekkedly that they want to cause our reputation.
It is a opport that has been looking for a long time to take another military operation in the Eastern Region to the Biafra's innocent people.
Instead of curing people in a proper investigateing on the incident and the causes of its faces over crime without crime over the years.
Does the IPOB have the management of the movement of the late Gulak had to stop it in an airport ?
The group said the security body was investigateed by hosting Gulak, who hosted a Hope Uzorinma, and his political opponpponononent, the group was established to establish.
Dos Gulak was not forced to punishment.
Presido, Muhammadu Buhari has said the people who died and other challenges in a bodoed will not be free.
Presdodo, Buharis in a statement that in a statement, Garba Shehu, has expressed his Libyaly murderous murder.
The president, who shows that the incident was very sad, said: " I was a reppuled by the gruesome murder of Gulak was a pre-medititedititededededitited by the people of the world, which they had been blobedited our country, and peace
I should also warn that there is no one or joining that is a able thing to expect to free.
We will use everything we have to see that people do this kind of criminal and criminals will face justice.
Akserolu said the killing of Gulak was unacceptable.
Governor in Ondo State, Olrotimi shununun, described the killing of the killing as shocking and disturbing.
In a statement signed by the Governor Governor, he said this is a murder of many, that there is a senseless sense of wisdom and wicked.
The people who do this bad is an enemy of the country.
The corner-cornernerner is to mislead, driven and destroy.
He has the unmistakable, despicable its its its its latehntssists the countrys setin the country on the path of conflalalagation.
It is not allowing this criminal to succeed.
We wanted to use this medium to tell our brother, Governor of Imo State, Azororor that we are with him.
We also encouraged Governor and other Governor the South Eastern states to brace up, making the security challenges to take the end of its end.
The enemy of the people are always use of weapons to create thisaffection.
The coward was to be instigated Nigeria's people to face each other, from northerners in Igbo Igbos in the South East.
We must face the enemy of the people, to see that we are not handed.
This is not a time to arguing that there is a politics.
We don't want to leave the legitimacy of this government for all levels.
We are called on all security people to kolabobobobobo shows the criminal people, which sponsors the criminal, and do terororororististististist.
They must be forced to punish them.
Fintiri's moururn
The Governor in Adamawa State, who Umar Ahmadu Fintiri's successor, said the way Gulak was killed, was killed by former speaker in Adamawa State.
Governor Fintiri's death is very seriously, the death of the wicked system of wicked system.
Governor Fintiri's Gulak was determined withty, determined, and politicians that are practical, as well as a rise, as a rise, is a blework.
It is very unfortunate that the death has kept us.
Hon Ahmed Gulak was killed in a day of gruesome manner.
Gulak is a lively a political work, which was always the interest of the interest of the country in its mind.
While he remembered his latespring, Governor Ahmadu Umar Umaru Fintiri's Germany and a brother, said he was a man of law, and seeking a law to fight his righter.
Madagali community has a better son son.
In a statement signed by the Chief Press Secretary, Owanisos release in 2022, the governor said, the governor said the country was a strong man of a strong man who is a strong fight in human.
We all remember how he struggled for the crop in the insurgency which had been sent to a house, and people who had nothing means means.
FFmm the killing.
Arewa Consultative Forum (F) has been condendened the killing of Gulaks, said it was a little loss for the country.
The FF in a statement of the nationality secretary, Emmanuela told the Yawe, saying the killing of Gulaks had heard the killing of Gulak, who was described as a resident, among politicians who was notracked by a statement.
If you likely, or you are not like it, you are your business.
May God blessed, and he gave his family and state, Adamawa, the ability to endure the loss.
The killing is part of the plan to stop coup which happened in 1966 CNG.
The coalition of the North-CN-CG) has described the killing of northern politicians Ahmed Gulak, who had been killed by a former addiction to former retirement Jonathan, which was east of the attack, and all attack in the South-east of the Southeast of Nigeria to date.
The CN N in a statement in a statement, Abdulzezezeeziman signs, said the reason was the country could not live with a traditional part of the countrys country, as they could live up with the violent leadership of the Indigenous People of Biafra (NGPPPPPP) and other ways of the proscribed leadership by other way.
West hoped hope to reach the top-four have lost with the loses of how they lost.
West hopes hope to reach top-four have been denied because they were not playing against the hope of European league in Sunday.
The goal of the Dominicvert-Lewin scored in the 24th minute of their game has been confirmed to win Westhamy that they have been taken to scored in a serious afternoon.
The closestly Westham was reached to equaleee when Vladlliral to shoot ball and Jerron cars Boons could not hit the post through the post goal of his post.
People who support support the Vice-elect Yemi Osibajo has also showed that his back as a presidential candidate will be a presidential candidate for the election.
Osinba, said he said he was not to say he was not the president.
Vice-electin, Osinba, said all the very little said he has a little to be the 2023 Presidential Election.
While there is no doubt, Osin, Osinba, the posted the land posted in the land.
Lala, a Vice-elect said the Vice-elect said the Vice-elect had never declare his interests to be president in a statement on Monday.
The Vice-elect office has put their eyes on one webite body.
supportes supporting Nigerias people to join the various groups to support the support of Prof.jiiii, SAN, ready for the 2023 2023 elections, prepare for the 2023
Details of the website and how they are fully ready to be fully including the fact that Osba has said the interests of the 2023 election in the 2023 election.
The vice president of the office has not been a nettts with the group or the website that is the whole thing is very necessary.
Osinba added that he was not wanted to be the president of the 2023 election, his focusing on the current president of the current administration to face the countrys matter.
The statement said, We are asked our people to stop all the challenges we face the challenges we face, as Nigeria's people in our country, to do well in our land and prosperity.
Ndidi and Ndidi have made Nigeria proud again in Leicester City playing as the country shows off, as it is a team to win FA Cup final.
NFF has fixed Ndidi in the FA cup of his win in Leicester City.
President of the Nigerian Football Federation (NF)
Mr Amailvin Pinnick, has sended mes Eagles Nasir Eagles Nasir Eagles and Wiled Ndidi and Forward Kelechie Iheanacho for their win for Leicester city against Leicesters, who has been killed on Saturday.
FA Cup final in England
The two of them were marching at Wembley and was celebrated after the marched with Nigeria flags with the list of other Nigerian Nigerian Nigerian Playyers who had been killed by England.
I am very happy in Ndidi and Iheanacho.
It is a work for Leicester City throughout the campaign and both both both of the team deserves the honor.
I believe that this won't work as a high morale in the city of the association in the summer-time and the FIFA World Cup started in September.
I also was also happy with the Nigeria Nigeria Flaging two of them the celebrated while everything finish.
That is awesomesome.
Ndidi and then come to the second pair of people from Nigeria's FA Cup wins England, that one was after Nwakkkkki and John Utakas in Ports againstout 2008.
Before that time, Daniel Amok had won a win at the vines of 1995; Celes Babayaro who was also in the age for a year 2002, 2002 and John Obilkul Obil Obilkulkulkul Obika in the 2007.
After spending a 2008 in 2008, John Umal Obil ObiF win against Chelsea in 2009, 2010, Iwak in the Kaweralsesesal in 2017, Victor Moses in 2018.
When I was the Federal Government of Enugu 70s, Enugu 70s, it was trained to transport from Kaduna to Enugu.
Djokponics warm up for Rolands with Belgrade title.
Marak Djokovic has complete his warm-up with a success in the Rolandssros when his beat Slovao 6-4, 6-4ian 6-4, 6-4, 6-4ian 6-4, 6-4 on the final of the Clay tournament for Bellaply tournament for Bellal.
This is the second event in the city of the city over over a month, which was not like a Sererbia Open in April in the stadium which was the second event.
Djokovic said he has been played for a playing for the front of the semifinal of the Srer Open Open Open Open Open Open, 2011.
The herders-farmer, has been turned to the faces of the time now.
To end Nigeria Nigerias herders: The Livestock Plans
Nigeria and the state government struggled to implement a National Livestock Transformation Plans which is necessary to control cattle movements throughout the country to turn farmers and farmers to fight.
Many state government has endorseed it, but there are some challenges.
Political leaderships are able to work hard to be able to ectct-traint of COVID-19 pandemic, experts who are not to do the work of the work of the work and insecurity in the progress of the progress of the progress.
If the plans will fail to fail as the other plans to livestock management, the farmer and the farmers to increase.
National Economic Council in January 2019, the plans is to represent the effort to examine the lives more than the livestock system.
The main part of the strategy is to control where there is a need to reduce the fight the fight between herders and herders.
The movement has a hope that after 10 years,herders with up up and down the mainly minds to put their cattle in ranche and the ranche, where breeding a public farms and other farms will be management to support the sector.
By the time of 2028 would end the authority, the authority had to build up the mind of the state in all the state, to make it available for two million jobs in the lives of the livestock production,
President Muhammadu Buhari administration was to make the plan after a period where herders herders and farmers fight, the fight and the fight for a â€hetttotototototototototototototototo
The Federal Government has a mind to drop money like 80 percent of the Transformation proposal, which has been submitd to the first step to make the first step to provide the goal of the state, which will prepare to help them to prepare for abilities and ppurage of the field Hall.
Many State have reacted to reactivate gratitude for the dates, open the office, and open up a huge committee to take up the plan to manage the plan.
The authority has been able to works and other works of the benefit of the benefit of the benefit of livestock reforming.
While two years, the 10-year-year--year-year-year plan was not to build any ranch and their ranchles.
The opposition that comes from the herders, as well as the Fulani people are still more than the farmers who are not wanted to have the benefit of the benefit of the benefit of the programme, which is also made the plans of the effort.
Thistrus has been many of the Middle belts, which is a fight between farmers and herders because of peace, despite peace and effort that has reduced the military process since 2018.
Shortage has been the federal and state government budgets, little part of the economy because of the pandemic, and because the country has a guarantees experts who are not management and grazed .
In many states, especially in the North-West, the way the criminal gangs and group have grown to access to its access reserves and to graziting people to invest before.
It is unless often looking about it so soya bean and other ones can be delayed in the country to make the fight between farmers and herders of the fight between farmers and herders seriously comes between ethnic groups, which could be turned between ethnic groups and religious groups.
To tackle this information, there will be important to the Federal and the Federal and State to be able to strengthen and investors.
First, Abuja and other states in supporting the support of political leadership, to increase their communication with public interests in public interests, so that others can cause the goal of the plan of the plan.
This is a common ministers in their sidealities, which would be asked their goal to change their lives with the people in the cent of their people in cent, who has also been very seriously believed about the future.
But many farmers are fearing that they would lose their land in producestock.
Many people in the middle- Belt and other states in the South also suspected the plan in a long-term goals, which is seen a opportunity for the Fulani littlely, particularly in the Fulani little and the Fulani state.
Wit the support from Abuja and other partners, state governments need to find people of a expert, especially the best aspects of the ranches, especially that will be manageable to manage the ranch and grazed dairy production.
Let the Federal and Federal Government also increase their increases in the plans, release the funding and create financial participation to make surely account of, to make sure that for work and necessary to investors necessary.
It is also a very important to deal withinseities in the rural area of rural area to curbity and to rehlittate the fight for the states of the states to participate in the states of the states
Authororororor needs to consider a climate is to change, even herders from other countries to benefit from the plan to benefit from the plans.
As some of this step will take time time, the people who are focused on how to bring a result of little, which would be able to see in a small time.
It is more than two years from the country to the general election.
If the plan is to survive the change of government, Politss to bring a clear proof-of that he has benefited (Changegegegeum, as President Buhari and many governor, president Buhari and many governor will survive against two term term term term.
By the time of the caretaker in the election has been hot in 2022 ending , the people of the held some of the scope of the ranch ranches, which led to their investers and their ranked group of their votes and other members of their rankors.
Noth in this thing is easy but the plans is worth the effort.
It is no perfect, but it brings a chance that is important, to change Nigeria livestock system with herders and herders who will address the little-slele farmers to need.
About 70 percent of Nigeria is a money from Agriculture.
In the modern sector will boost the country to boost the country and in the same way to solve a dangerous way of Nigeria Nigeria's dangerous dangerous dangerous.
According to the 2023 election, the federal and the state to do so would be able to see what they do, or that their work to create the opportunity to create the opportunity to create the opportunity to
This is an executive sum of the report on the National Livestock Transformation Plans (TP) and how to work with their work, International Cririsis Crisissis Crisis Crisissis Group.
The problem is a problem that I have with the king.
Why do you refuse?
They are also responsible for the high demands for food and crop production.
There are the smallholders which is the smallholders the majority of their farms that have been taken to participate in the commercial undeserved kindness that have not been actively participately in the commercial varieties of fishing.
I didn't energy for me very happy for me.
I have done it.
This brings me conclusion that everyone is evil.
It has been characterised this system that it has been very complex, and riskrones.
It is always a little, they are doing under the raditinal or financial tenure, with a marginal risk-prone environments.
Ydds have even low and farmers have lacked the capacity capacity to increase.
We said that life and prosperity for this day.
way your goal
The emphasis on agricultural productivity enhancement and commercialising farming as an enterprise.
i knew every-vriri
Akpos and his friends sit-down
The yield yields the smallholder farmers are profitable.
You are.
This challenges has led many smallholder farmers to pursue their livelihood-atriskly and lower-ielding agricultural activities.
You are withch?
I was my road to sboboboboboboboboged and buy food.
I should call my father.
As developing countries grows a largerrr, richer and more urban, the intensss of agricultural production will occur morely changing agricultural value chain.
Aw was far away from the sup of izing.
This development is called the competitive advantage from petty farmers.
It is important for us to look to the problem.
This requires an intergrated approach of the message.
The loan sharsss in a neck.
This is a problem.
I was assigned to be activity in the work
The water has brought the whole farm.
farmers many battles in 2020.
In many farmers and other stakeholders in the vote-sector, the country will remain as one of the history of Nigeria because he was introduced to the introduced new vehicles with a newholderholder farmers.
Many challenges have confronted the agricultural sector with the range of the issues of the climate changes and the pications which has exacerbating from the globally COVID-19 pandemic, which comes from the COVID-19 pandemic, which comes and heartbreak.
first, the COVID-19 lockdown and restrictions happen in the time of dry season to harvest their crops and wet season farmers to begin cultivation.
Many farmers cannot go their farms while others which will be able to harvest their farms since mechanization are a huge challenge and harvesting.
They have been used by the movement to curb the spread of the coronavirus forced by the countrys rural economy.
Many farmers cannot sell their produce to enable them to enable the seed and fertiliser, pay rising labourers/tractor services.
Even even when they lift the lockdown in the agricultural sector, the price of fertiliser, the price of fertiliser so many smallholders cannot afford it.
In some places, the price has rise at N13,000 for a bag of Indo and Nolador Ureaor.
NPKK-15-15 have rise at N25,000 of the federal government from the federal government of NP10-10-10, under the presidential initiative, to sell the initiative for the farmers to sell the farmers in a lot of more than N200-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15-15
In a farmer, Katsina, the southern keptept by some parts of the keptabi, and soko states states, bandits denied not only to access their farms but also killed in their farms for their farms.
They tried down many farming communities.
They were kidnapped and sacrifice.
Many people pay a large large sum of money or a large portions of their harvest harvests in the bandits.
Many villages in those states have been changed.
The agric sector has witnessed one of the worst cancers when one of the worstism when a bwipes out over 450,000 hectares of rice and maize maize maize varieties of rice fields at N3 billion in Sokoto billion, and Sokoto
Many of the farmers affected yet to submit to their livelihood as their livelihood has destroyed.
The fast has also been worse since the 2012 has been intercepted across most of Nigeria's rainal and flood-prone areas that were killed and washed away and funds away.
This means, however, as the brought pain in farmers in the North, drought bed with farmers who are confronted with farmers in the south south.
In two months , farmers did not get joy but watch in their investments in a crop wither away.
There is noise.
Another subector of the poultry and feeds.
The scarcity of maize in the starting causes to increase prices.
He has also forced poultry in Nigeria to save our soul and the federal government to the federal government for urgenttention.
The federal government had responded to the appeal and release 5,000 metric tons of maize from the nation in addition to bring some of farmers in addition to grant some of the big players to use the big players from 222 metric tons of import tons of the Nigerian industry.
However, this is just a short short-term solution because the three months, the scarcity of soya bean is the farmers to express their fear that their fear of their fear, the industry will be completely completely completely completely completely down.
The scarcity of serious crisis in the industry has reached high recorded in its history as he is a rise from N5,500 to February about N5,500 to N5,500 to about N5,500 to N5,600.
The poultry industry has lost an estimate of N77 million jobs with a figure to 10 million by janary 2021 whereas the loss was estimated to estimate of production.
while the poultry farmers also struggled with the challenges in the countrys countrys farmers despite the daunting challenges with the daunting sector in the 2020 year farming year, which has buyers comes to purchase their farms to purchase their farms.
This was the first time when the price of pests refused to come down in a harvest, as it is a spark fearer for the loom and the call to reop for the border, which would allow a re-piriror of the country through the country.
The names are strong tower.
3,000 youths will benefit from NALDA to Ebonyi
The National Agricultural Land Development Development (NALDA) has said the agency would engage at least least 3,000 youths in Ebonyi State in Ebonyi State in Ebonyi State in its proposed farm for the state.
The intergate farm will be completed and commissioned by October this year.
The executive secretary of the agency, Prince Paul Ikonne, announced that the proposed integrated farm would be established in 104 hectares for 104 hectares of land in the state government.
Prince Philips also in Ebonyi State in a court visit to the governor in Monday on Monday, said David Umahi would be complete the intergrated farm farm in October 2021.
This is the mandate for Mr President, said to reactivate farms and develop new ones in security.
The Governor of Ebonyi State are eager.
He was total support of achieving his dreams.
So, Ebonyi State have committed to work with the NALDA to engage the teeming youths into full agricultural productivity.
We have seen that the governor has key into Mr Presidents agenda which is a key impact on its security security in the country
We also established an intergrated farm in Ebonyi State as we do it in other states in other states.
The programme will engage Nigerias in Nigeria and to draw their attention to agriculture.
From Jude Owuman (Owerri), Hebiq Abubakariya (Kaduna), Bolaola (Akk), Alhaji Salaukk), Alhaji, Munyis, Munyis, Munyi Idowu.
Newnido in Niger Republic has left handed in Niger Republic in the terrorists rising crime.
Niger Republic in a new UN Presdo, Moedoumum has been putting up with a terrorist in an unccum over to power to power in the country with power in the city of the country.
Bazo said the groups of many innocent people were killed, and by that, it was really a war crimes.
He said the leaders of the groups came from other countries, said they were just attacked Niger in nothing.
He said no terrorist has been able to have any income with the country.
Bazoum, a 61 old old, is an elected rounds at December and ferruary.
It was a very hand of Mahamaoud Issoufoufoufouou, with a reply to his up his two-veyaender term in office.
The first time was the first time which elected leaders grew up each other in Niger history in over over 60 years in over 60 years, but the attack from the attack, the attack from the attack and some of the attack.
Niger persecution have been close to Alct-qabeda or Islami State (SSS), which was entered into our Onaaso and Bennanaas, from the Bokory.
It was more than 300 people who have been killed in the attacks in the next year.
The recent recent is when they killed the middle of the Tuare community in Tah, in Tah, a large deserta, a little desert.
Byumo said the effort of Niger Rebuplic under it was to be focused on Mali.
He said the current situation in Mali has a direct impact on security in the country.
In the vindication of I have been linked to IS have been based on Men and Gastern, in the central seed as a central American Bazo has said.
He said that it would be a very difficult time to fight against a long time as a result of the region of the region.
In early hours in Wednesday, after the shooting guns near the Niam in the Niam said the government had stop the coup that they wanted to do.
It describes the act as a coward and a regressive that is treated to democracy and the law of the law.
These four coups of the country in West Africa have suffered in the recent than the Narurury in 2010, and its left Presido, and Mandandoud Tja
Gogleo said that they could be left from Australia.
Gogleo has given a threat to Australia that was going to the search for the country as the country has told them to share with the benefit of the publishing news.
The first of a law that is the first of the very kind to Google, Facebook, and other non-elect for the content companies to pay for the content people.
But the firm firm in US had fights back, warned that they could leave the country.
The Minister of Australian in Australia, Scott McTominayrison said a lamakers would not listen to any threat.
Although there is no one of the large places in the Googles the market, this amounting to be a proposed code of the global tests of the government to begin a firm-called person.
This code in Australia's sgles Gogle Sowore and Facebook, to negotiate with the full of the contents of them if they could not reach the begin in the begin.
The Managing Director of Google in thessde Melava said the Senate sitr on Friday would not work.
She said, The more versions of the code of the code to a law, Google no choice to make decisions that should be to leave in Australia.
But lawmakers attack, however, the attacking blackmails and bulogle of Australian to be raised the attention of the Governing reform.
It would be a rechch over the world.
Dot you go to come for every market, you will leave?
Senator Rex Our asked she was to stop the pre-cedence?
Silva decided that the code is not ten-called into the operation in Australian in Australia.
Okerison said the government is committed by the law of the law through parliament this year.
Let me tell it: " It is a way to rule in Australia in Australian in Australia.
We are at our parliament we are doing that, as his telling news on Friday.
Why is a man's law ?
Gogleo is the pain of an airplane in Australia in Australia, and the government describes the high utility of any competition competition.
The government arguments arguments that bkos the giant of customers, among people to read news, to pay amounts to good amounts to good newsroom for them.
In addition, they argued that the financial support is necessary or the financial supported the industrys a strong media is strong to democracy.
Accords to the Government, printed media in Australian 75%, has suffered 75% in 2005.
It is the threrere that Goleleo said the entire caught in the entire little.
The lawmaker said that news was only account at 1,000 per cent of the searching Google in Australia.
Poultry farmers have been asked to take importing imported maize and soya bean meals.
Dr. Olalekan Oduns General Secretary in South West Poultry Association of Nigeria (PAN) has been called on the government to facilitat the government to imports maize and so meals.
Championsi said this is the importation of the poultry business from collapse.
He said the importation of feed maize to sustain the over 500 million, within 100 million broilers and other classs of poultry until next harvest
He also urged government, for the main time, not to allow them to export soya bean meals and soya bean meal meals.
He urged governors in the region to puuded the production of maize as well as the production of rice production.
The Islamii puts mouth that maize farmers, soya bean farmers and the need to be collabo to make collabo to take work.
He said if government did not intervene, but he said his priceless price of maize and soya would try another five million poultry government to do anything about it.
Today, there is a 210,000/bele maize, sold in most state in South West, so's 240,0000,000/MT.
While the two item took to reach, the price in the poultry feeds just incese from N30 billions from N300000 in April N92 to N450 to N250 to N4.
In December, most farmer cannot sellers bkos bkosers of the cost of production which has been passed on the ordinary Nigeria.
At the moment, egg has been more than the average of the price, which could buy the price of 1,300.
So we really need to save the very ten million jobs in the poultry value chain in the economy.
As he said.
They have been suspended by supporting Buharis APC.
The All Progressives Congress (APC) has been suspended the member of the house of the Opative constituency in Jigawa State, Muhammadure constituency in Jigawa State, Muhammadjiba in the six month.
In addition, there has been a member of seven members to probe the allegations insssski which led the member of the member of the members to charge the recommendation to make recommendation for ten days.
My headed by Dand the committee, Sansi Kaure was secretary.
In the â€€€œSding the lawmaker, the chief chairmen in the local government, claimed that he had decided to ensure that he has been suspended its conitit peoplesent people in Kaure, local government started by local government hand.
Our correspondent reported that the lawmaker was accused because he was accused by the governor, the governor, said the governor would change the candidate to the candidate of the leadership who wanted to be the grounds councilgwuship and council value.
Serenana has cruised more than a teenager Pigato in Parma.
Serena Williams are brushed aside the challenge of the local teenager Pigatototo in the opening round of the WTA matches in Par tournament on Monday.
Williams, one of the world was beaten in Pigatototo over 572 and to her WTA-3 deututut 6-3, in the first meeting between the two-2-2-2, in the first of the first of the
In the North-Central goes to be opttim open grazing ban from the South government.
While open grazing controversy over the public main, the Southern governor hits a ban in Asaba, the president, Em Farmers Association Association of Nigeria (FANPP), Bank of the All Progressives Congress (FAinancial All Progressives Congress (CSR), said the North-C.
Recently, the governor in Southern state was at Asaba, Delta State, Delta State, and the ban open grazing to the farmers-herders including other forms of criminality.
What is your top of the controversy that this decision generate?
The human is a right in action and opinion.
But the most important thing is that you take your own own action, should be the consequences of the consequences.
You should consider the advantage and this advantage of thisvage.
I was not one of those who said it is good or bad.
As a Nigerian, your right and liberty to live in any in the country with good and enjoy the freedom of association of association.
In this basis, I will not tell you that is good.
But as a leader of North Central, I would say that it is good for the central zone zone, especially as the potential benefit of us and the nation.
The ban is a advantage to us.
We need to tape it and see how we can make it really really venture from it.
Luckiy in us, we had a landmass of the herders, not the herders, no matter the troops from the North.
What is a position of open grazing ?
I am not one of the people support open grazing.
I believed more in ranching, because I was doing.
I believe that if we began to do ranching, he would work out for us.
The governors should allow the North Central programme on ranching.
This is a able to make no place in Central the Central place where there is a cattle cattle and some of allied products.
It will come to be a means of economic empowerment, in central the north.
We have the land in southern states not.
See at Kogi, Niger, Kwara State including other state.
We held the herders, and ranch made it for our own advantages.
The challenges in the Fulani herders, not because they are not expected to adopt ranching.
The problem is not really that they are not interested in the top of the advantage.
They are no culture.
Asssut, there is a need for education to accept ranching.
We can also adopt the message of Kenya, with all all our family income, but not to see the open grazing, as electricity to take place.
The southern governor was the southern governor.
The governor was not shown that they were in this regard.
They are not called on ranching or to say that the federal government should be able to put up with mouth.
They are said that the gang had become a problem for us, and to leave them.
They said herders made a land in a land, said she was a personal business.
But she had asked people to apply the land like the herders ?
As one of the youth, especially in agriculture, especially in agriculture and value chain, why some government government government government policies are the way out?
Firstly, no one has touched the administration to touch the lives of a member of President Muhammadu Buhari, you can sit on your house without any problem and applying facility.
Also some credit for the COVID-19 loan was also in the COVID-19 loan.
Many Nigeria has collected the loan for thousands of thousands of naira from their house without home without home to the office.
Also, with them have been expanded some SMEs like the Bank of Industry (BOI), Bank of Agriculture (BOAA) and the other hand.
The challenge is that we have two sides, do dos that your believes and do not believe.
So, in this, there is no believe in the administration of Buhari, not benefit.
But for us, we believe in Buhari, we are benefiting, and thanked godly.
Kidnapper was killed, which was killed in the Nasarawa.
Kidnapper have killed Adamu, and they have been taken to 13-Abakafa-Abakumaisha in Atoish road in the Nasarawa State.
Daily Trust gathered that the three times in abdomdom and his death at 9pming around 9pmen, in a university where his driver and another driver's treatment were shooting treatment of treatment were killed.
Another driver who shoted the attack by Saidu said the attacking 5pm on 5pm on the incident, when many kidnappers came from the AKKK-Ktoger from from the continent to U.
According to him, the kidnappers were the lay the vehicles and shot guns in a moto-toyag Aba.
He said the kidnappers were surrounded by a vehicle after the driver had control control control in the unit.
A woman had been able to have a woman who was not only old in the time to gun guns for them.
In fact, you are going to drive out the four motototo, God saves me for one of the village.
While it comes to me that I heard that they were shooting a gun for me.
The Ohegegyyy of Opanda-U-Umaisha, His Majesty (RRR), Ahmed Abdullahi Abdullahi Abdullahi, said some members of kidnapping of the travel forest farmers and some farmers were also in the area.
He said some soldiers were still still still and were able to do the community for the federal government and the federal government to collaborate a huge amounting to take up by means.
According to the spokesperson of the Nasarawa State Nasarawa State, ASP Ramhane has said it was not the only about the latest incident, he said the latestst incident, he said he said, The Divisional Officer in the Divisional of Police Area, and his people would return to follow the Division.
It has been arrested by one way in Lagos .
The Lagos State Police Command has confirmed the arrest of one Victorahome seeking to drive one in the way at the four way, Oniru in Lagos State.
It was said that Ebiren also stealing with severe injury in the ASP Erhator on Sundays at the four body, Oniru Lagos.
This was in a statement in Lagos Command of Lagos Police Command, Dmuiwa Adejobi, which led to hand in a statement .
He said the command thnik him was to set the record of straught concern, he said.
The incident was recorded at a video in a social media to go the viral on Saturday: 17.
He said two men were forced by the ASP Erhator Sunday, police officer, and creates the scene of the road at On Oniru State, Lagos State.
Adejobi said the prime suspect, Victor, has entered a police net in the State Investigations Ranti, for investigation and prosecution as due.
He said the command has made effort to arrest the person who is able to be able to the personnel, which is the Eosa.
Bryant has been happy as Ayade takes the defect as PDP urged a member to stay.
The Speaker of the House of Representatives, Repi Femi Gbajabiamila, has shown that it is happy by the Governor, Rivers State, Prof. Adede to defeeeeected the All Progressives Congress (APC), said.
Many in a statement on Thursday in the Special Adviser of Media and Publicity, Lanre Las, said the APC was the party to beat in the country .
The Speaker said the Ekiti State governor had taken the kept the kept of the decision and he had been a better example for them to follow.
He said the ruling party remained open in all, he called Nigerians to join the APC to move the country to move the country to be the forward.
The Speaker said the APC would continue to continue just just and fair to all its members.
Meanwhile, the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), when they reacted to the defects of Ayade, urged a member in 2006, urged members to live together.
In a statment of the party said the party, Kolala Ologbondiyan, our party is called on all critical stakeholders and teeming member of our partys a member of our party in Calabar to ensure that all our party is left down and ensure that we remained in the state.
The PDP wished Governor Aya-de in his new political parties as well as his future endeavours.
The inens around the National Assembly wanted: It is the fight against corruption that Buhari was doing.
The National Assembly of the Federal Republic of Nigeria in Wednesday 19th
May 2021 in the House of Representatives and Representatives.
March 2021 in the Senate to the Senate history when the law, the Chartered Institute of Forens and Investigative Professional Professionals of Nigeria (SB.
791 after reading it read at the Third Times in the both both Chambers (SAL AND AND AND AND AND RF OFFFFD).
This act is a clear demonstration of the patriotism and a direct response of the National Assembly, which led to strengthening and strengthening and a re-in-in-in-in-in-atating national fight in the fight in the countrys countrys country, which has been brought to our country.
Accordingly, the 9th Assembly under the checked and the able leadership of His Excellency, Senator Muhammad Lawans, Senator Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim, CON ON and RtceD), CON, has also shown that they have shown that have shown that they have been killed in the 2023 Constitution.
And this also attests to the fact that the National Assembly has been a statement to the performance of the funds in the fight against the fight against corruption.
It is happy with a sense of gratitude of gratitude that I wrote this, which has been on a platform for us to let Nigerians and to let Nigerians know the world that the whole world knows the Federation and Insticicates and Ince of Professional Peace of Nigeria, we are bringing all other ways of its access to bring in order to all other countries.
After the Senate, the Senate, and in viewing the views as a little-old Leggloture, the House of Representatives, the House of Representatives, is ready and able to the able leadership of the able leadership of the able leadership of the leadership of the leadership.
Femi Bryant, a Hon.
The speaker also also spoke with them and was the more than on Wednesday 19th May 19th May, 2021.
As you have heard before the Billchn Institute of the Chartered Institute of Avelicic and Invececeigative Professional Professional Professional Professionalsative of Nigeria (CIP) has said the bill said for the National Assembly.
The sad thing is that people should be able to put mouth in the fight against religiously attack in Nigerias bill, has been turned to enemy in commonly in commonly.
Gudr is a good thing, it does not get up without a bad thing.
It is not a very time to always be able to always happens over over the light of the light of the lights and the unstantquettionabletion.
It is important that we should see a small part of the National Assembly in the National Assembly.
It is interested in the Chartered Institute of Forens and Intcece of Nigeria (Erofessional), 2021 (CF) is the first-CF), the first time to see that it is no matter on the rising from the 1th Read 2th March 2021, 2021, but that is nothing is no ended into the stand for the right time for the right day, but that is no.
It is a very important important for public know that (CFIP) is not just a ble body but a new bodies for Nigeria to target the bridges for a long gaping in the long way that has been very important space for the space of space of space.
Today, the walking to get a  body in the practice of the practice of the Nigeria Nigeria in its peak and a few-atsiitionions a few anti-gocecececeion that can intend to get to get to intend to sbot these anti-liage.
This bills in the National Assembly, shows that they show that they demonstrated that in patriotic and the need to strengthen a nationality against corruption, which has been saved for every aspect of our lives.
This is a good step in legislation , which is the two Chambers of the National Assembly took, historic and now at a time at a time of time, Nigeria needs to deel.
That would give a better way for his anti-corruption drives as the spate of criminal and corrupt rise across the globe.
As we all know, crime has entered another level as a technology to improve in 21st century century.
Therefore, it is more than the bill is a better time for a better time, including expressing gratitude and resppentive to the things of the world, with a respononive to the world, and the resum of democracy.
Let us also said the journey in the latest bill would be the bill in order to be a law since the 8th National Assembly, where the National Assembly, where the current National Assembly, Senator Phu Buhari is also the current bill of the current bill, Senate, Senate,
For good good understand, when we became a bill in the two prember during the 8th Assembly, they did not hear a public hearing in the ground ground along with the chamber.
The first time and on the flying organisation, which is Institute of the Institute of Nigeria (IF), the National Assembly (IF), the National Assembly, with a bill bill bill, with a view of the bill, with the results of the control of the fight againstation and part.
Afterward, the bill given the party to Presido, to put hand in hand, but not on the 8th Assembly in June 2019.
This is on this stregging the bill in the 9th National Assembly, the 9th National Assembly, which is the current Leader of the current Leader of the Senate, Senate, Senate, the view of the view of the matter.
We are pushed to this clarification in order to clear the air on the cheapment of us which is distracting using us that the 8th Assembly has rejecting our bill.
Also, we should mention the fact that our bills with abother billed that are similar to the Senate and the House of Represrestative Chambers are based rates.
This bill bill, as we scrutize them with closer, we discovered that our minds and the things our bills in our bill.
We should be invited to hear that any of the bills in 8th Assembly, only our bills are only only our bill.
As we are the first to carry a bill that is like this (Foricoric).
As we have seen that it is very urgent to establish a great Institute of great Institute.
They took the decision that the Institute of the Institute after the Institute of the Institute of the Institute of other growth and how they have helped crime, investigation and investigation, investigation and prosecution.
It is part of the instruction that our Institute has been since 2009.
And over the years, we have over over the years, we have trained professionals for a lot of technology, targeted at at the repppquee skills in the requisite skills in the plow of the plogates and management of investigation.
They may be made aten analysis of material misstatementment, which is imther than bad or fraud; insectpriripririigignature analysis; digitalens analysis of crime and global investigation; globally, globally supported, global investigation; global investigation, global investigation; global investigation, globally support of global investigation.
You would be able to follow me in the shundoing of the world today, the normal way to investigate crime, on the old old old is very old.
As a result, we should be able to do something something in this matter, it is a bounting global innovation and new innovations that are able to put to fight against corruption.
This is a way to establish this Institute of this Institute that is the relevant to the anti-corruption programmes of the administration's administration.
I was not able to say about everything they are in the bill here.
However I wanted to make you allow me to mention a few of the around the around the purpose of this, as it is like this:
We should be established in the Chartered Institute of Forens and Investigative Professionals in Nigeria, to develop professional education and training in the field ministry, with professional professional participation and professional participation, which will give a lot of technology of technology; which will be achieved.
To provide a platform for training and retrains of people who want to be professionals on the use of the Forensics Science and Technology and Technology and Technology to investigate the private sector for private sector for the economy.
To promote high standards, itics and etthces among those who are doing the, in a bid to cut off fraudulllism and as well as well-chanionionionates me in prevention from the prevention from prevention.
To make the huge huge vacuum which exists in our normal system of investigation with the introduction of a unique institutions to help the country to help the country from the country from anpriatatating his foreign incense to do-atatates in Nigeria; in Nigeria; in Nigeria; in Nigeria.
To develop silver-based meism and training programmes to cut across all the stratatagation of our investigation, invving professionals as architectolvving professionals, Crivionsers, cassava-tovvionionionionionionion Officer, cassava, etc.
This will enhance a enhancement of thisposition of cases as the globally and its globally; and and.
To enhance anti-fraud meism for Nigeria through the provision of a legal framework of a legal framework for the professional development and discipline inens of professional professional professionals in Nigeria, among others.
From the foregoing, he has shown that the role of the strategic and important.
It is also important for us to say that inens the very wide and the field in the field, with many other other and efficient regulation and enhances economic level.
The smiles, in the scope and the scope of the Institute of the Institute, includes not only inensicsical toxics; for for for for forensologys; for affairs; in anulicly investigation; for a strategiics.
Accordingly, you will agree that our Institute has brought a unique concepts of crime detection and investigation with international practices.
The concept of myopic people inkkking about our bill has covered the sense of a large--minedness, duely and in-minororingness in the system of the system of the system of operation.
On a lightly note of a lighter, I wanted to draw the attention of the better scenario that is playing out, and as a matter of fact, it should be a source of interest in all Nigeria.
When the Chartered Institute of Inensics and Investigative of Nigeria Bills the 8th National Assembly, the Institute of the Institute of Nigeria (IFFF), the Institute of Nigeria (IF), according to anger, according to anger, according to the point of the law, according to the scene.
However it has been been a bill again in this 9th National Assembly, and as we have seen the overwhelmed and accelerated legislative supports, I have given our bill bill bills that have given our bill has been given by the little of our country, and that we have said, we have been little practicedes of the very small bill came to be said said.
One can ask, what has done now now now and the past, where Is any other Institute of any Institute of practices inens inenens?
Your answer is the same with my own own.
I am also like to inform you that the Association of the National Account of Nigeria (ANAN), also also part of this is also part of this is also part of thispisisis.
which generated a initiated and promoted by ANAN. JustCAN also also became a bill in the House of Repllance Reppative structures with the same structures in the same structure with the Cack of Exudles Exuders and promote Nigeria, adding by promote Nigeria.
I decided to make the fact the fact that Nigerias people and even international community for the extent to which some people could be able to make it aimed for them.
However this development, there is no vain at all, because we believe the standard of the National Assembly and also in the National Assembly and also for the Presidency to do things, not enter the right way in any way of the whole way of their whole.
Is it is the best and antagonist in this bill and we have seen the reason now.
Many engage instanders into a write write to a word, even the leadership in the Senate, and it sounds that is a blemailil.
As the Senate, the Senate, the antagonon shifts attention to the House of Repentative with the same publications as well as many publications.
and again they fail.
Ordinasily according to a legislative worker, a Senate, which had not only concurrence by the House but has a lot of obbvation.
But in the case of the CFIP Bill, the people who fight against him until the truth wins it in 19 day of May 19, 2021, the House of Repplative than the establishment of the Charters Institute of Nigeria (PPPPP), 2021, according to Nigeria must have a member of the member of the
I told them that in the House of Respances of Reppentouss (RPEAL AND AND RAL AND ACTS), OFFF ACTS.
The new around ICAnk has been contained a full provision to take on the practices of the lowen, including university in Nigeria, and withoutout ancient Nigerian university, and without the daics of Nigeria will leave it into prison.
This wants to be more than a country in the country.
DÃ©by made me wasn that Nigeria is not the Banana Republic.
No matter the level of coruption and coruption.
We have a challenge in the House of Representatives.
We should note that, as we are not in the bill not in a very difficult situation because we are certain bills to stop a presidentialsently under the minds of the past.
We do not want to be deceiven by Nigeria and Nigeria.
You would remember how IAAnnked the CFIPIP and in a putory sponsored by the Association of professional donations by the Nigeria (CCC).
Olumuy on Alade of 24th May, 2019 to tell us that the law enabled me to do power to do so in the CFicicics and to do the CFicicics of the CFNF), but also have just a new law that have been presented in the law of the law, but also includes all the law.
The question is, what question has changed?
The same law that I told the public telling the public that it has been inensic comes to seek them to reenenacting it.
As always, as we are not able to show any proposed group to includes forens a law, our actions are not interested by the body of his body body, without its netuate.
IF and cohorts have been realised inability to stop the passage of CFIPIPIP.
So they want to have a union for themselves.
This further checks and balances fears of fear, they would not want to investigate their professional activities because they are doing the economy.
How would they be willing to judge themselves for themselves ?
This condemns a eat-atel.
On this note, we are called on the National Assembly to be although this group of the group should not talk from both both sides of their mouth, which is not able to say, which is expected to use it to use it and use it is expected to use National Assembly.
Once again, we want to appreciate the 9th Assembly in order to make sure that Nigeria has been ready to know that this administration has been ready to fight corruption and also encourage them to fight corruption by means of its means of democracy.
We have so confident that His Excellency, President Muhammadu Buhari was not got up to hand in the Billate as soon as soon as the table.
We are called Nigeria's peipo to take part in the Forensic Profession.
The profession is open to all professional people in different area.
The Institute has trained training sections for you and build your.
I wanted to thank all of you, and also talks against it to stand up with his own standards as the way they did it in the way that we are able to give our professional services, as well as to give our professional services and a new household will be given to us.
I wanted to give a stakeholders and good Nigeria to support this is not able course, and to beg all of us to make efforts to make efforts to reach the security security security security challenges, the country over all the country, within other crises and other crises.
Dr (Mrs) Apishetu, PhD, PhD, Pro-temm President, (CFIP) www.orgfin.
Airirirc tests with a new Airimks that is a new A19-E2.
Airir Peace has said testing for two new Embraer two-E2ties as they are prepared to prepare for them.
Daily Trust reports that the two airs were the first set among the 13-E2 water air-Ecan which the airline buying to it expansion.
A spokesperson in the airline, Stanle Olisa, told news news news on Friday that the airmarked by Lagos entering into Lagos, Abuja and Port Harcourt, Port Harcourt to make it easier on Thursday.
Olisa gives his tests that other flight would continue to continue, and added that he would not take a long plan to start an flight and to offer a lot of customers.
He said.
The new E19-Eyear-Ecraft, the third of the third to enter the third, said the reason was expanded to expand the commitment to take the air-E.
As a result of test, it is a requirement for them to dos before they were held in the airmark of a regular operation.
We can remember that Airpek to Peace kot the two brands with the two brands Embran Enforcement Enforcement Enforcement Enforcement, 195-Ekked, as well as they gottttking 11.
Tela Maize harvests have potential to give 8 tons in one hectares.
In the Tuesday, the Institute of Agricultural Research (IAR), Ahmadu Bello University, a invited relevant stakeholders, including a third stakeholders to witness the Tela third harvestion of the TelaFTC) of the Tela(CF) under Agricultural Research Foundation.
They are quick to the name at the maize varieties of Latin TUT .
This kind maize maize is a protection against pests and draught in breeding.
Professor Rabiu Adamu, the Prinppppententigat, including other scientist, including journalists in the project, said the project was to produce maize varieties of maize varieties of maize varieties that protecting two varieties: Wrate borers (now maize varieties: Wrate borers) including a policy.
This is all of the producing crops that are high yielding under the increases of the stresses of Army; the Bames and stem borers, which are major major consntitsped to produce maize production, which is able to produce happiness under the Nigerian Army; which are cause.
If you do not control it, if there is a cause loss for 80 percent, including drought, not management, you can not have any yield.
This is the third time that has done this trial.
The first season in a dry season in the first trial and during the rainy season, we do one from another from the November.
The third trial was the third from November.
The Prinpppal researcher said this was the try to showcase.
While the three CFT trial has been successful, there will be a successfully need to test and validly recorded in the research station at the research station in the farmers in the country to start in the rainy season.
By the time of 2022 will end, if all works the work, Nigerias farmers will expect all these hybrids with them.
Dr Muhyideen Ayekunle, a maize breeder under the project said from the two challenges they do lasting for the transgenic varieties recorded 17 percent recorded over the various varieties of the Byum.
We have infest the varieties that we are put on three times with the previous one to look for the BTTTT Constitution to take effective in the maize product.
With the outcome, there has said the yield to increase 17 percent.
So after, we go to anlylylylyaze the data, and to prepare people to get a approval for environmental release.
We are submit to the dos of the National Biosafety Management (NBMMMA) and review.
Once they gave the approval that this product can show a face in outside outside.
and then we can get a national performing.
The Director General/CEOPLE Director of the National Biotechnology Development Agency (NBDA), in the event, said, in the scientist, called to the scientist, call to search for driven and biotic solution to the farmers in the country.
We have tested some technology which is capable of providing solution to a farmer, to face advantages and move advantages, as he said.
Dr Maxama Gidado, who is the Country Coordinator OFF OF Nigeria, said the impact of a lot.
Farmers are yielded by 17 percent and you know that there are productivity and harvesting for farming.
Once you have expected, you will get a lot of harvesting and profit.
She said by the time of this kind of maize would be ready to enter the farmers, to increase their livelihood, and money from the price of maize would come down.
Manchester United fight back to win Aston Villa.
Manchester United is a fight back to Aston Villa 3-1 in the Premier League in the Premier Ferandes, Mason Greenwood and Edinson Cavani and Edinson Cavani scored the second half to take the lead in the city of Manchester City.
The resulted at the United points from a 34 games, 10 points that played a game over and missing the chance to win the title on Saturday after Chelsea beat their home in 2-1 home on Saturday.
About Bertre Traore pu Villay ahead in a 24th minute with a brilliant strike from a 15th minute after some attempting with the visitors in the visitors, as they left for a half times.
Fermates in 52 minutes with a penaty, while sending the goes for Villalio Mueller's wrong way with the spot with the spot with the spot and the spot by the spot-ickeicker from the Kajazer, which led a rough challenge.
Grenwood turned the match on his four minutes later with a neat shot on the turning of the penalty area after he has forced off the centres.
Edinson Cavani is a slave for the United to win the United goal with its head scored in a 87 minute.
After the story of Daily Trust in Daily Trust, NCC have been baned and use of mobile mobile phone to booster.
The Nigerian Communications Commission (N) has put on the ban on the sale of the sale of GSMM network boosters and mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile mobile bank, residents agencies agencies, among others.
The 14-day a 14-day Prefiment of Tuesday, signed the Director of the Director, signed by the Director Public Affairs, said Adinding.
He said the warns the warning effect from Tuesday and as it is a lagire of the traders, said it would take action against the people who refused to take action.
This is a period of less than a month to Daily Trust reports on April 24, 2021, which people do business in Sabon Gari market in Kano including other business areas that they are missed to boost the opposition of the tele network.
Some of the traders said the service was not good as telecomers provides hard to improve their service for the benefit of the benefit of such a place.
According to them, traders and herders engage in a digital transaction (based cash-based cash-based cash-based cashless services and other telecomtion-based tele-driven service, also has also been called services.
In the top of the NCC said, it was sold, installing and fueler booster is illegal.
In the noticed, NCCCC said, there was just just a able duty to protect consumers, to ensure goodness of goodness and maintenance for the best standard of communication, and as it is in the provision of the provision of the Nigerian section of the Nigerian Association of Nigeria (A1 (13).
This acts can lead to the sanctification of the sanctification of the sanctification of money to a prison, or the two fine including prison as well as well as their equipment in the illegal supply of the illegal budget.
LG polls: protested over the protesting candidate in the APC
Some member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) in Ogun State have done against the party to adopt some candidates candidates for some local government areas ahead of the July 24 local government government government elections ahead of the state.
Once the party has announced that the party would adopt consensus candidate in some local government area, and they will conduct conduct a primary and nationalprimary voting candidate to candidate in some.
The protesters enter the secretariat of the Union of Nigeria Union (NU), in Ogun State, was accused of the APC in Abeokuta in Abeokuta LGA LGA LGA LGA LGA LGA LGA LGA LGA LGA in the post.
They were lapedededs that many were written by the NDLEA's National Egsgs.
in Abeokuta and South
Within examples of the Part to pick who they wanted to sell, and said they were used by Waleers.
One of the party who leaded the protest, during the protest, Budget, said the company was moved by the matter to the matter to save democracy from jw.org.
It is aweenen DSS and people who wanted to separate for some region.
While DSS has put up the hand in the group and others, which is a retirement and distracting the ethththth-rrrrrvous environment and threatens the majority of the majority of the majority of the nation of the country, which has been forced out of the country.
Questions who have been added about or which a member of the security security agent was prompted by the heat of the heat of the heat of the heat of the heat of the nations fertility of the nation of the nation of the nation.
Afenifere, Arewa Consultative Forum (F), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders (NEF) Panandand Delta Forum (NEFEF).
It is clear for us that this is the group of those who have continued to go inciting, unsuspecting and divisive statement, unresponsiveve statement and act, to set a statement against people against their position to take fire and the third of the MIT.
Interestingly, in a non-call, a major suspected suspects in the exploitation of some fault to take advantage of the country for some parts of the country to some part of the country the country could be brought themselves from the associationsive business, which they are hit.
The same conviction was said that the DSS struck the people of the people, which were responsible for the counsel in the direction that they were accused and accused by the secretary.
WHEN this people know the people who are responsible for the acts of the acts of the acts of the acting that they are not in the AND PANDANDEV said about those who are not in aliate and that they did not know that they do not know the people, who are not know that they do not know the people are not know, they do not know the people are not know the way.
Since the DSS knows and it was slllels, to take action to deal with them.
The NEFEF sound like a person who is convinced that if there is a huge breeding crises and knows, not treating the law to the law.
You don't need to be spook to know what the DSS s knows about this flag in Nigeria or political geo-ethnic politics in Nigeria or to understand all that they knew that the DSS was yet to pass out the brought out of the brought out of the brought out of the b
The truth is that this people within political political political political is not a better solution to the problem of Nigeria's sections at a section of the proscribed statement, and chief party, not over the country, not in the country.
They are desperate and unscrupulous to pursue them in the instate ambitions wbed abedbedly and create to break Nigeria.
Ambition-powered minded games into their geographical level to reduces the watchising of the sistorial contours at their enours of their enress of their infenzie, with the petroleum of the antiial division.
To put it simple, to break up or out of Nigeria as a ultimate political political pana or consolation of the opportunity to achieve in a group of people's approval or group that brings the majority of the majority of the majority of other people's resteration of Nigeria, anger, anger, more more than than more than than than than than than than a peacefully fall.
All these groups are a major block to the syment of unity and to live together in the peace of Nigeria has been rising in the flag since independence of independence.
During a long long time, they continue to travel to the political political cannabis, as well as a result of Nigeria as a risingitment of ethnic stake in the population, noted by the population, but also failed to be forced by the state of the state.
Whenever they meet, the agenda is not in Nigeria's progress in developing and developing the leadership of the leadership, other humans are the firmly often about that he has been in the bareststststive determination to be deployed in the Nigerian Ptifyetify the Nigerian President, which is not deployed the Nigerian President, which is not.
Whether F, Afenifere, the Afenifere, Ohanaeze POOs Forum or Northern Elders, and activities will be destroyed in the quest for the quest of unity of Nigeria, peace and development.
Anothernother in another way that we cannot denied in this regional sepatatating that all of them are the selled political pressures groups of ethnic groups.
From the membership, It is clear to see that the consistist of exthisisisiss.
Ironicallyallyally, this political is given to give them the ginger to come together to remain relevant in democratic system that elected representative of political party which led to a legislative party and established the established constitution of the dispensnd of democracy.
It is onlyst nuisance valued by the geo-ethnic set for our democratic set in our democratic “ as well as mischotota and submailages, black submailaged and sub cent of Nigeria which may lead to enable them to control.
This is why frequents a meeting has caused security to cause.
Witing such predororo-poticians a walking on the perimimimal power and powerfulness of the government underttenstttts and the elected forces that were not under the ondyyyyyyyyyyyyond, they are not allowed to beyondyondeatatatat-por of its interest.
It is a dangerable to describe the situation of the Buhari administration as the Buhari administration's administration to handle such a number of enemy in a national security, which is used on the time for the time of the time of the economy.
To say that, only two groups of politicians might be able to participate with a positive mind in the democratic dispensation that is the democratic dispensation for a morvin the country against all oddddds and that bring the mind of the way of the country.
By doing what and what they do, we are doing.
At the end of the day, the majority of Nigeria's people are ordinary citizens to survive or depending on where they come from.
They struggled every day to make up their lility to the will of the will of God even as part of their lives.
Nigeria is a father of a father of destiny, and they remained loyal to them and pray, bkokos, bkokos that nothing is no longer going to give up the country where they are able to true free.
Arew that the Afenifere, Arew Consultative Forum (F), Ohanaeze Ndigbo, Northern Elders (NEFEF) and Niger Delta Forum (NEFEF) and Niger Delta Forum (PAN) has been used to make a statement against a statement of a statement, which is also made a statement of a statement to make a statement against
The prayer is a poor man:
GODY,
NIGE
Manz Reuben is a youth in Lokoja.
10 dies as terrorist attempts to attack army
The Nigerian Army in the Nigerian Army, on Saturday, was netred with less than 10oko Haram terrorist of a member who tried to attack their troops in Ran, who was in Ran, who are of Kaan Local Government Area of Borno State.
This is not only about 24 hours at the Chief of the Chief of Army Governors appointed, Maj.j.j.
Giannk Yahaya scored as a leader of Nigerian Army.
The spokesperson of the Nigerian Army, Brig.-Gen.
Mohammed Yemama, in a statement in a statement, explained that the terrorist was in a number of number, with guns in the ground and attempts to infil the main main main main main mainly to the town of the town of the town.
Yema said, the troops wives in a highly humi said the high spirit of the humand and took the moves to defeat the terrorists until their terrorists were killed.
The troops are chased the runy terrorist and to ensure that no threat was at Bethel and people.
There was destroyed one of them guns which was completed and a largest weapons largest weapons of a anti-iririn guns, two-Kirirled as eight-47-47-2itritriseed for the process.
Daily Trust reports that Chief of the Chief of Conce Staff, Gen. Mrs. Gen.
Second, U.SHEF has tested a positive to win COVID-19 after the Capitol challenges.
Praaa Jayle, a member of U.S.S. House of Representatives, said the Coronavirus Station (COVID-19) after the same room with some room in the same room with some room with the Capitololololat of the Capitolol.
I just kept out COVID-19 tests in a positive tests that was secured by the Capitol Republic where there is no longer no longer no longer than any other addictions but mockerererer of staff and staff who offered her back on the home of his post.
Earlier in Monday, U.S.C.C. Bon Angeles Watson said she was also a contract to COVID-19 COVID-19 in the time of the Capitolol League in the Capitol in the Olympics.
Once, a member of the Democratic Parti accused the lawmakers of the Republic from the Republic that the Republic had caused the COVID-19 support and said to punish them.
Any member who refused to wear a woman who refused to be accountable for our life because it is also a danger because it is also a idiot.
I was called on every member who refused to wear a woman in the Capitol for the Capitol of Arms and allegedly from the floor, said she said in a post on Twitter.
It is not clear if the two congressmen were in the same room during the lockdown room in the Capitolol.
Jayapal was very happy as U.S. Presdo, Donald Trump failed to contain the COVID-19 pandemic in the U.S.S.S.S.
It has been arring man over 30 years over as a 30 years ago in Edo.
The police suspect has arraigned a Koriisvel Fideliss 30 years before Ogbesons courts in Benin, said a woman who was arrested by a woman woman who was killed.
The man was accused on three charges which is unlagful, unlaful assaulting robbers and other sectionable under 516 section, 35, 35-1, and 45.
The prosecutoror, Sgttt. I was told the accused court that the accused other people who had run into the offence for April 11, in April 11, along Estate-Ekiti, along the Benin-Ekiti.
She told the court that the accused, within other items, within one Rezevbigil has been unlaved by hitting and bitd by her.
She added that the accused of iron was also used to break her leg.
She further told the court that in March 31, 2021, the accused it and maliciously washing hands the complainant and the things of N8,000.
The accused that he was not guilty as the counsel Mrs E. E.pplylyly at his bail and her bail, she said he was not going to kill bail.
That was, Chief Mhief Members of bail in the proscribed bail in the sum of N100,000 with one of a man to stand for him to stand for him.
He said the person would be able to be a able to bring two recent than he said the accused of the accus.
He gave a court to the court a plant plant planted the informing the management of the place, which is the really really the case tonjournjourn the case to the case to heard about May 10.
Why is the National Assembly cannot impe Buhari in Oyo.
The Senator representing Oyo Senator Senatorial District of the Fatai Buhari has said the National Assembly has not seen a reason to see its reason to take its reason to take on President Muhammadu Buhari.
Does this one when he is paying Salah to former goor in Oyo State, Rdohdo, saying, he said he has a processed processed process for its process.
Senator Buhari is submission to a day after Senator Senator Yusuf Abubakar (APC) through the Senate committee on a special duty in the Senate, said Buhari would not end insecurity in the country.
People have been called to say President Buhari resigning or make it it easier for it as insecurity in the country.
But Senator Buhari urged people to break the country without no problem to solve problems that will not be easy to solve.
He has the process of its process.
A person should be called on a call that he is a call for the president to give a good reason to do his work .
We don't see a reasing to take his its president.
If we are not, we will go to table, and the two houses must come together.
Tope the president of the president was not the one one one one one day and begins.
It has an procedure.
Why are you determined to cause a formal health ?
He asked
Once the security challenges in the country, the lawmaker said the lawmaker said, we are not another country than another country.
Nigeria is our country and home.
Let us try to do internal security.
Let us play our own part; we should not leaveothing alone.
We should be able to put the local police place.
No matter what it is, we know, we know each other.
In the early 80s, we were traveling for nite.
But at the level of insecurity, there is a unique to miss.
He said the 9th National Assembly has discussed security and 59 times.
We are discussed security issues at 30 times in the 8th Assembly, and this is also discussing it over 50 times.
It should be every one to vigilant, even if it is not to solve the security problem, as the senator said, the senator said.
However, they have supported the CBN to put up aexist on imports of dairy dairy
The Commercial Ranch Association of Nigeria (FDA) has shown supported support for the equipment which led to give a foreign exchange for dairy products.
Remember that the Central Bank of Nigeria has issued a circular for one year now on a huge company that has been left from a foreign exchange to imports and dairy product.
But during a visit to the government of the CBN recently recently, the Director-General of the World Trade distribution of the Ngozizizizi, said the European Union (LGA) has said the European Union (EU).
In a statement that Diani Akpainyangyangyang, the COR, said Nigeria has the potential dairy dairy dairy dairy products to provide money for local production.
The CBN governor is able.
Yes Nigeria is the potential for the potential to meet, including the dairy requirement.
Aksainyangyang said the milk and processings not nearly now, but noted that it is necessary to make every necessary leg in the development is necessary for affairs to seek affairs for the development of local dairy sector.
Speaking in a statement that the CBN was $15 billion in the CBN spending $15 billions every year to take import dairy products, he said the figures would increase demand for dairy products.
He mentions a issue like poor productivity of local income, cattle income, electricity and animals management system, as not a better organised system to tke and milk, as well as without tolololce, poor infrastructure, poor infrastructure, poor sector and reducing storage in Abeokuta, reducing storage, storage in private sector.
However he said the Advcing Local Local Dairy Development in Nigeria (ALDDN) programme in Nigeria (ALDDN) programme was taken into four states, Kaduna states and Plateau states, Kano have tackle the problem.
The PDP hoowned as APC claimed that it has been suspended in Lagos.
Deriaring as the All Progressives Congress (APC) have said the registers members in Lagosth members of Lagos in Lagos and revalal exercise.
Director of the APC Registrationsory Committee in Lagos, Dr Bashiru, said the closing of recommendations in the supervisor of recommendation in the supervisor that about 5,000 million have collaborated for the 20 local government in the state.
But the Peopleoctic Bank (PDP) in the leading opposition party, has described the figure as false and false.
The PDP said APC has a habit to innovation figure to make people believe that they are popular.
The spokesperson of PDP, a chat with Daily Trust, in a chat with Daily Trust is described the APC as a party is affairs, said the party is a very popular party in the state.
This is not the first time to figure figures that is not true.
Even in the last elections, the total of votes around 600,000 from 600,000.
He said the claim that the claim is a false false and false.
Our correspondent reported that the APC candidate candidate wins the governor-Olu wins the governorship in 201939, while President Muhammadu Buhari has votes 580bn in the presidential elections for the presidential election.
The state chairman of National Conscience (NCP), Wey Comrade Bayo Baley, has described the claim by the APC, has described the great tribulation in the century.
But the spokesperson in the APC told our correspondent that the party would have proven that the party would not be able for the local government government to come in July 24.
FG said Geogphical Indication to promote economic economy
The Federal Government has been happy that Geograicalphicals (Is) to help in providing diversification of the economy and also supported participation in the African African Consent Trade Areas.
The Minister of Agriculture and Rural Development, which is Sabo Nanono, said this in the capacity to works on a public sector in public sector in a public sector in Nigeria in Abuja.
Nanono, who was the Deputy Director of Irgation and Criation Development, Hajgra Limited, noted that if they use the initiative to support the preservation of the Nigerdielelel, to support the biodiisms in the country of the country
Accordingly, he could assist in the commercializin the product of food culture and other cultures and other cultures that will enabled the value chain to benefit from commercialization, especially women who are involved in the mainly involved in the production.
Therefore, these works are happening at a crucial moment when this administration is very discouragingly to take theversss the economy away from various sectors like agriculture, mining agriculture, mining agriculture, mining etc.
This type of initiative which promotes GIs will help us to fast track the process of the economy and also support our participation in the African Continentment of globally and also also also the globally.
Giss can cause to revive its economy in rural area as we have seen this case in the case of some of some of some product, which has been Osunishiishiishidui, etc.
It will also make it the documumation of our indigenous knowledge of our indigenous knowledge that is sad.
The current administration is ready to partner with all the stakeholders in the relevant relevant both both and foreign-year-driven to preserve the naturalment of the country in the country to preserve it to strengthen the opposition to strengthen the opposition of the strategience of the economy, so as well as well as well as well as a decent and protecting the state.
Earlier, the Minister of Satte Industry, Trade and Investment, Trade and Investment, Haijagum, said the works to be a public training sector to address a public sector to further training of Nigeria, with a policy to adopt their lives to adopt agriculture, to adopt agriculture, to adopt their lives.
She said we cannot avoid able to avoid the African Continent Free Trade Agreement (ACCCF) was in a way to make decisions that makes a decision to begin on the light of its own standards, he said.
The President of Israel had taken to look for new to bevt.
President of Reuven Riving Riving has been prepared for political politicss on the caretaker government after caretaker committee after caretaker Ministers Benjamin Benjamin Benjamin Netanyis.
According to Riving office, talks with Nafphtphtss of the Yamina and former opposition leader and former opposition Yaiririririridians (Fidididididuture in the morning.
The head of the state also invited people from the other party who represented the parliament to present positions on the progress of the process to take forms of government.
It is lasting the deadline in the Nanan Officer went to the right-winger to form affairs to which the government personnel.
This means that the camp of those oppononononent was a pponent to the end of the 71-year-year-yearyear-year old as he said.
Whether they will succeed, however, however, he is still open.
New election is still not out the question as the Israelites in political crisis.
Netanyahu would remain as heading for the interim government as time.
It has been in the early 12 years ago and it is a longest s sving head of the government in Israel.
It has been a trial for him that he has been rejected all the accused of all the accused of the accusion.
They are expecting that Rilvine appointed Lapids the opposition to a member of the government.
The party is a political centre; in the end of the match, has becomes the second-s unselfish force in the forthary elections in two years.
Riving can also also give the mandate to the Knessetet.
In this case, a member of the parliament could try to find the support of the 2920 of the 120 members within 21 days.
Ganduje has free free 123 prisoner in e-el-Fitri
Govn Abdullahi Gandujes Kano has grantn freedom to 123 inmat across the state.
Ganduje who witnessed the release of the protectes from Goron Foneson on Thursday said the gesture of the spirit of the spirit of Eid-E celebration celebration.
He said that it was an offence that they had been able to be a huge signs of reformation when they were sentenced by prison.
The governor said he had decided to show the prison to tell the public that the government in the state knows that they are in the state.
Ganduje said the gesture was to be a plimentment on the Federal Governments effort to further reduces in national prison.
He counseled the former words inmate them to change their life and to pray for peace and stability for Nigeria.
The governor also gave a 5,000 to one of the in the in the in the inmates its free to reach them.
Earlier, the ptroller of prisons in Kano Kano, Suleiman, thanked the governor that his free thousands of thousands of inmate office.
Suleiman is a ddving inmate free to stay away from crime to fall back to prison.
Ganduje visited home home with children in Kano as part of his home in Kano as part of his salal celebration.
Korda a breaks through Parma clay
On the ve for Roland Garos, Sebastian Korda Korda-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-old American American Kardashian scores the beat Italian Ccocoto, 6-4 in P
Korda, a son of former world
No 2 and Australian Open Winner Wrda Korda who has never entered the final event before the event of the Parmamamamama was not wining consecutive matches on clay.
Cechinacoto, who wins his three title on clay, come from Bringciares from Brresress and 90 kilometres from Parma.
The vain that the event was allowing the first time to support the local boy.
Today, I played a ppononononent and the no easy is,he said.
It is also a lot to be cheer on, but I was proud for my.
and how I handled it.
Although his father was from Czezech, Sebastian Korda, who was born in Floridada, said the US would be represented.
The victory made it the first player from America to win courts since Querrapped court tournament since 11 years after 11 years.
This is some of my dream, which has been the dream of my dream, said he was expected that he would win a title as a Florida in January.
I am really really that I would do for Delray, and a break my heart.
They are not supposed to wear a public: Negating Nigeria's multiculturalism.
By Bashir Mustapha
Does it is a pure coindence that as bad is a smell in Kwara State recently, they are at the National Assembly in the National Assembly in the National Assembly in the capital city of Abuja.
DI troubled it is a able to refuse some of some Christian schools to allow the Ramadan students to wear the education.
The solution in this predicament is the debate on the top of the top of the Thiscrirohihibant, Prevention).
RDPP Billled, 2021, as they rided the deles around a section of media in Nigeria.
Both event is a sparing heated arguments and often that at the bottom of every day, in the bottom of everything, the neneic identity and reality of Nigeria.
The whole ideas in a prrrpror of the various students were baning Muslim students nding the ndnd of the nd ground can reduced to reduce a public.
This is another major part of the RDP through the RP Bill the House of the House of the humediili and denial of opportunities.
We are females in Nigeria's face because of what is a public.
It is clear that the former disbursement of the right right of the Muslims Muslims have expressed faith without discrimination; even the school could be defence or taking the lead of a position of a position.
The latter tried to be assst this right is not in Muslim but also in any ethnic or whenever they refused to threatened the fth of discrimination because of the fthau.
To run through the arguments that propriet of Christian faith in Kwara schools in Kwara, easy is to understand the arguments that Muslim children wanted other children to fplerply to other schools that will not want them to be unpable.
The problem of death is many.
First, to said a Muslim students would be an unless of the rule of the school was very very very very very little to promoteness, which is the very little of our commercial society.
Secondly, the position is a moral question: Is to justify rule in the school on the major major major of the school on the education of the school ?
Then, the third third argument is that it has lost the difficulty of the difficult school for a children.
The in Eden.
As they changes in schooling for children, people in education logy, saying, it is a interfeee negatively without any other development.
Fallyally, the christian faith by the risk of the risk of a ghetor by concentization students the same religious beliefs in particular schools.
The social costly cost the society.
The Commissioner of Education, Kemo Adeunun, arguing that the government was convinced that the government was willingly willing to allow Muslim schools willingly willingly willingly willingly willingly to allow them to make peace in sustainable schools.
In the country who guarantee freedom of religion, which signs the declaration of the international Humans, the basic question is: how it is to deny a child in Nigeria to deny children in Nigeria to deny a child in Nigeria access to access the way on the basis of their choice of religion?
It is a great concern because Nigeria is a signatory to the Universal Declaration on Humans (U).
The UHHI insists that all human is free and equal, the colours, for religions or religions does not matter.
It contains 30 articles the right right right and freedom, among others, like the rifts to life, free life, free and priririvacy.
It also includes social rights and social rights, like the right to get health and education.
I saw the articles 18 and 26 of UDR very very relevant to the issue of the very issue of consideration and discussing in the full
They have the freedom to believe or believe what they wanted to believe, including beliefs that are religion.
We have right to change our beliefs or religion, and the right time to practice our religions in public and private, or private, with other people.
They should be right to education.
Primary school should be free.
We should continue to continue our baptizedies as far as we have the wish.
In school, we should also develop our talents, and to teach us how to respect and respect for all human rights rights.
They also urge us to teach us how to get on other religions, such religions, religion, or countries come from.
Our parents are right to choose the kind of school.
All these laws are the altar given a Muslim woman like Ilhan in the equality to take on the House of Repural in the House of Repance Repatively in the US and she wearing sles without discrimination.
Ilhan Abdullahi Omarnana Palestinians who served in the U.S.Eural in 5th congregation at the district district since 2019.
The spokesperson of the Deputy Chairman of the House Repllance on Tuesday, represented Bi-KGko/Kyi Federal constituency in Niger State constituency in Niger State, sponsoring the bill bill bill.
Saidu Musa Abdullahi.
The bill uses to address discriminatory conduct, including various discrimination as discrimination on religious activities when it gives people to work and activities that is being given in the hands of life.
It would stop qualifying and opposition which joined them, education of employment, employment employment and other sector to be over discrimination against persons people, based on their religions or by means of the
When the law is the law of the law that we saw in Kwara in the good, when it is more than that we are being found in the law that we can see in Kwara of Kwara Act of Kwara line.
It will also address the laots of executives of the publicly entered into public office and allow it to cover it wisdom of justice.
They are convinced that the law.
After all, it was only to expand and a atiate the provision of the Nigeria constitution and for the UDRRRRR, as we took above above.
He followed a similar law with a similar law in the country to tackle social which is able to tackle social social social social media practices and the law of the law against people against the law (PU).
While thisability to cut into discrimination with the faces of the faces thisability, sufficiency, other violence in the country are in the country.
A man by one, representing us in the legislative prembers have been used to tackle all social media challenges in our country.
They address all these social health than not to be a law of law, but the address is not to address everything they wanted to allow them to see.
While it was like that road in the UDRRR, and a retirement of the RDPPPPPPPPPPP laws and other law to punishmenters.
While it is also viewed the pretics, as far as the RDP through the RPPP, not to show that they are not determined to put to the state of any law in the law of the law.
It is not against Section of the 10 Constitution in Nigeria's support of the Federation or in the State could not adopt any religion as well as the ruling organization.
To push the arguments arguments, the bill is called on a general to respect the right of which is nebjabbed in a public place for public place, not only to queancha.
For the final analysis, it will be against our multicultural pres to deny any Nigerian male or females or females, female (ligil freedom.
It is against equality, and basic rights as it is in the constitution in Nigeria and the legal documents in the universal Declaration of Information Declaration Rght.
He was to make such a decimation on religion, like the RDP, like the RDP-P bills would not be happyd.
It is from Abuja Bashir.
President in Niger Isoufoud have winn N195.95, the leadership of Africa.
He has announced that President of Nigermaoud Issss winners of $5m (N1, 2020, in 2020, in 2020.
Ibrahim prize in the African leadership.
Isoufouou has been served for two years in 2011.
Mohameded Baz by a former former minister would enter the office after he took a presidential election last month.
The committee gave the prize of the leadership of the Niger President after his insurgents in the economy over the poor than the world.
He said he was a policy to grow a better commitment to a regional stability and the constitution, and his champion democracy in Africa.
Mr Issoufoufoud is not the six persons six people who willnt the Ibrahim Conze.
He has sendedetset that the honour of all Nigerias.
I saw this day as accocourageage to take the lead and acting in the way it is to promote democracy and good and good for Niger, not for the world, but in the world, for the world, in Africa and the world
People who have won the prize before Ellen Johnson of Liberia (2017), President Hdue, President Hlalaty of Nafibele Nafibeibia (4), President Pedrope), Comiriririria (2008) and Ede (2008).
KEDED has a taskforce that is sitting on the ground and checks whose meter.
The management of Kano Civiity Distribution (KEDKED) has been used to make a task of electricity to pay for electricity.
In a stecement of Ibrahim Sani Sani, a head of the Corporate Communication, KED), KEDEED, has given the task of the task of power to make sure power to make sure that they had taken into the help of the help of the KEDEDEDEDEDC.
The task rates are also checking issue of bypass meets met, illegal in connections with energy and other other forms of sbototage.
In this regard, anyone has seen a sbotage in any way, they will deal with the law as the law said.
We are appealing to our customers to open up all our intallation and to protect them from me-wel vandals.
We are assureing all our customers that our initiative to give back to the quench bill and to give up the opportunity to give customers the opportunity to pay for their statements in order to give up their statement, adding that the statement was
IBEDC.C has been able to sell the powerline.
The Civiity Distribution (SEDC) has warned out against a huge market to sell a high-tension which to avoid badnessageness.
The Chief Operatating Officer (O) Engr Ayode John Ayodele given the charge of the backs of the increasing-priin activities that is a high-tension of the high-tension.
In in addition to the capital of Osun States, mechanic shops, car shops, cars shops, ARs and smalls, ARs and a small number of common things that can see the high-off of Line road along with Rine road and Rine road.
Dyodeles has asked a residents to take safety precautions the very important and counsel to sell under a high-tension which is safe-tension which is safe.
He also urged other residents to be called on a call for a little to repair light and he assured that the technicals rew in me to rectify any faults that would be available to reccctify any consequences.
He added that I had a habit of harassing Is Is staff when they were able to stop it, he said, he said, I would explores all-CEDC.
He said, it also is also important to the other safety precaution, like children, such important important important reasons, to avoid avoiding his driverical accidents.
10 children children became born in India
Ten young children were dead on Saturday in a fire in the city of hospital in the state in the western wedia, as the officials said.
It is a new child in the uniting unit in the unit in the field for the breaks on Saturday Saturday on the Bbute of the Bhandrara Council in the crash.
It was a new child's death, and three died because of its death and the Capitr health minister, told reporters told reporter, told reporter.
Nurtes and ward staff rescued seven babides.
The age of all the new children were from a few months to three months, as Prasha Untike in the district official official official official official official, said.
The government has ordered that the incident was probe into the incident and to do safety a safety in the unit which took care of new pking in the country.
It is also indicated that the fire could be happened to a short of the short circuit in one of the in acubators, as the incubators, said.
The staff said many black smoke to the ward the ward quickness of the minister added.
They have which a legal requirement for post-mortemem, and they had taken the children of their family, as Tope said.
It is a victim of the victim to get into 500,000 rupe (now 6,81 dollars) in each family.
Police has been able to sell people because of them reporting the IPOB.
Police has been harassed by selling the news and people read it in Abia State.
Daily Trust was a news of news that since the weekend of Aba Area Command had arrested the arrest of a public public and public concern on the Indigenous Indigenous Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Residents are fearing are in Ama-Ogbo, at the commercial city headquarters at the place on Sunday.
A resident, who was held in his eyes, said the residents were shooting a police, while the police was trying to arrest of the arrest of a public minister and those who selling it.
They were accused of the minister who selling the reporter contained the sit-home order to the Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB).
Dr Elen Ukgaoh, the matter of his eyes, asks the state government andigbo leaders to call the police authorities to call people to relief for the city of the city.
The kind of people we put on the police to me that we want anything to be good to from this country.
How would those who are sold in a newspaper in Aba, in the morrds world ?
If you stop people from serving where there are not hard to read in a newspaper, she is not only reading the same story on Monday, What is a ppama, while other people?
What kind of old style is this ?
They are caused on Sunday as they were shooting and noise.
The whole neighbors issues that were chased by kidnappers.
It was eventually discovered that one vendor and a number of people read, went into a newspaper.
How would the police go to a public fight ?
What a problem can cause a problem with social media cannot cause 20.
He said: this people are not normal.
Another another resident, said all the people sold its visit in Owerri, sold in Aba.
They are still alive in Tuesday.
He said, We heard as they were on Saturday and Sunday said the newlaper was taken to the sit-at-at-at-at-athom order for the heroion of Biafra, and my questions was wrong with the question.
The early political leaders in South East, remind this reckless police police officers said the proscribed IPOB as the better for them.
Was the proscribed IPOB ?
All of us are the Biafra.
On the 30th of May, did the Igbo Congress (CCCC) took a conversation, which was said about the heroe suspects in the fall of Biafra.
Why would you nottu, Zomoo and other social media in the matter ?
The same was to be done to come to the street and begin to the very necessary.
I wished that the leader of Igboland had warned this reckless police officers would not allow it to be at Imo State to enter Aba, because it would be estststing for everything.
SP Gererey Obnana, a Abia State Police Public Public Relations Officer (PPRO), denied police members of the police, sold by public and people read it.
NAMAowns faces a air traffic controling poor technologies.
Airir Traffic seniors (ATC) in Nigeria on Sunday crying out the lapatedated equipment in most airport in the country in the country.
The ATATCs under the National Air Services Association (NATATAA) said the situation was threat of safety.
It was also said that International Airport in Kaduna is in Kaduna is a control tower which can help aircraft the challenges.
Yomi Abishop, a statement in the NATAA or a chat with a news of the weekend, to say that other airport is watched in Kaduna airport is a primary personnel that is not only tower of the able control of traffic control.
He also said other airport in the country was not the equipment in the equipment that is necessary to take upout challenges.
He explained that some airport was not even a equipment in the area.
Even Kaduna is no control tower.
What is the watching room for the watching fire (nowfighters), and not to build it for, and we have been called for the government to do something.
We entered Sokoto, umbing to control control umbrella to the control of the control, and that some have been attached to the term attached to the first term attached to the FA-NNN AM, while the FA.
We also also follow the tertial radio radio radio radioly fight, communication here and there.
Calabar are not an airport that you can go to today today today's work up to 80 per cent.
AAMAA has been prepared and training 40 new controls recently, but NATC.A.
However, the Managing Director of the Nigerian Airspa Management Agency (NNNAMpt Folakuin, told Daily Trust, told Daily Trust that the claim was not true.
He said the federal government has put a huge investment to improve it is ational aids and help helps to help a safe flight.
He said, It is a mere politics.
Government has spent a long time to take a huge infrastructure.
I am not just said this thing because I was a MD in NAM.A.
If you want to hear the good news, my suggestion is always that, ask people for the street, ask people for NAM,A, would not be told to see this under the administration of this administration.
It is very painful that people would be like this.
We don't have never been yet to have any Cateico (CAT3), this government had to put two other grounds, another another.
Government has spent N17bn on mobile control tower.
In addition to the safe tower of the safe.
We have been recocontruct the TAC (Total Rverages of Nigeria system.
Other sector should be jealous.
E-comce in Nigeria: Legal frameworks framework, challenges and prospect.
E-comcece is refering to the use of communication technology for the video especially buy, selling and goods and services to customers.
The masses has brought the economy which is not near each other because of the bririer ross trade trade and investments, far far time time time time and nationalregulation, which the national government of different government.
He-comcece has been used to direct the market which is not near and the globality of globality and commercial ass domestic and foreign companies to know the extent that it would not be possible from the product from the product of the product from.
It-comcece does not be limited to buy the product of product alone alone, including other communications, including other communication platform, or even the informive company to offer customers from pre-phase in a pre-phase to support the service to support.
The major significance was made in the fact that it is encouraged by the fact that it is encouraged by a single world, which is a single system to electronic means to be good and services from different parts of the world.
Most of the statue in the ground in a nirlag behind the development and growth of its growth-comce and the whole association-comce in particular sheep.
In Nigeria, a number of research and study has been conducting.
Many in the study was laging opinions that the legal system in Nigeria is lag on a lag behind latory and that the statutory law has been able to address some issue of the legal issue of the legal issue.
This issue is also a electronic evidence towards the global seed, security and production, which is the-payment system and inevitively, including other people.
Therefore, there is a need to bring out a legal gift and regulatory to take into the use of the regime just as well.
They have said many times in Nigeria, significantly significant effort to take a high-comce-related activity in the stage of the National Assembly before the National Assembly.
It is important to know, even though this bill could still face a new legal issue in this area that will call for a legislative intervention.
Witing the video is working on a large work on the commercial transaction in Nigeria, especially in banking and communication sector of the economy, the best of the economy, the legal issues that the legal issues that they could be confronted in the country should be confronted by its interests of the country.
To achieve this, the National Assembly to the National Assembly to be a electronic anchors so that they will be enacted into law as quick law into law as possible.
In little time, our courts were able to interpret the traditional law which the traditional law grounds in a liberal way to make a gaping in order to make a gap in order to electronic bidly, particularly that we are in the emerging situation.
Indeed, there is arguing that legislation is not the only means electronic transaction and attendants could be legally legal.
The court could also be also apt to recognise electronic transaction in the absence of legislation or private contract.
As former former Justice Bunghamu said: the common law of the same political region was the same as a merchant which could be used to make apt to be apt to the need for the general public, but also apply the right of the general message, but to getting the initiative.
We hope that the government would adopt this activism that the Nigerian judges in judiciary, Supreme Courts, who judges such as well as a grossly grossly stands inadequately, where our new challenges could adopt a legalment of an legally address inadequate.
This will set a better precedenceence to make sure that it is a huge consumer, to investing economic development and brings economic development in the country.
The issue of a contract inside a-commerce is an documentation and signature.
The provision of 4 of the statute of the Fudud, 1677 and Lagos State Recformed our various various standards of our various institutions and property on all things, they should be written caused by various institutions and destroyed them.
The question is now that she is an electronic-off is not a sign-off by emailing or by emailing ?
Many of these issues even even even in the UK although some of some decisions although some some other decisions to interpret electronic signature.
So the marks in its email was a happy requirement of the ermanentest and due exeationion.
E-comce Fatima is a transaction that is not involved through a mageticeticy or this perkage.
This is also a statement to the transaction that has been led to the transaction that is being done in a permanent form of various forms in various form of signature, which is also in various forms of signature.
They may not be altered without altering the face of the document.
As a result of the provision of the provision of the provision of 93 93 (3) acting 2011, electronic bags to data that other disciples would be destroyed as long as long as a result of an unsuspecting person to identify the record of the record of the record.
The provision of the article 7 of the United Nations Commission (U), International Trade law in his model law in e-comcece, 1996lylyly tried on this issue issue.
Thus, in the purpose of the establishing proof of electronic signatures.
To use moreword, identification, usinger names etc can be a suffice.
Hence is one-call that electronic signature in its purpose of a disible for evidence to provide a evidence to help and incor and incorpor during any communication during any-transction.
Also, other legal challenges affecting it-comce the formation includes the formation of contract.
The element of good formation includes a contract to offerance, consideration, not to entering a legal amount to enterion.
The question is that, in which is pointed with regard to electronic business transactions or now to electronic advisers to treat electronic transaction, which may be used to be tempting a legally point to make decisions?
It-comcecet confidence and trust in the joy in the heartfelt order or invoice has not become any matter and then come from from the come to come from.
There is a need to guarantee that level of privacy/concial information in information.
Lastly, the alarm rate is the alarm rate in the current Nigeria including high level of illiterate.
No doubt that electronic transaction is an aspect of commercial transaction in Nigeria and has come to live this time.
Let the government will be more than law, to make activate the electronic platform for the electronic platform for commercial and commercial platform of service.
You can be able to reach Aikations Wtaly
Chads have passed more-rtes as Debys Deby.
Chad has been passed more than the Council of Agriculture as President, according to the ruourourour, with social media said he had died.
Mahamat has made over over to replace his father, Idriss serving this week.
The charter said the 37-year-year-year-old son to late war veterterter, was quickly quick on Tuesday as headship in the military council after his father's death of armed armies and headed the head of the president-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-
The charter repe repe the pre-ceding constitution and implemented as the basic law of the region, according to the teemrs of it.
They have also been a young man as the supreme headed for armed forces, as he said.
Deby son sonse over the security of his father when his head of the elite presidential guards and was appeared along with his father often.
The best of the Commatment Deby was a top of the forces in Chad which helped the United Nations peace peace peace mission in the rest restive north of neighbouring Mali.
He signs one decrereing on Tuesday as he set up a military councils, including 15- general and 14, including others loyal to the president.
The task was given the council was to move to a free and themoctic election with 18 months.
Mahamat Idris Deby was on the military council, the council, the councilal ministers, the counils of superior committees of national defence, as the state said.
The new head of the state would be declareing legislation to the 69 members of the national transition council, which led by Mahamat budget.
The Golden articles, there is also a guarantee freedom of free will through worship and worship.
The new President, which is a new president of the members of the members.
The charter said they have free all of army call to the transitional government from all military works from all military work.
The Law in Chad
The leader of his rule with a strong hand in a little 30 years, he gave his visit to Chad where the military soldiers were fighting for the north, as the military officer announced by the military group on Tuesday.
Called in calm, the army also announced that in 6pm to the border in the country as well as the constitution and thissol National Assembly.
However politicians, there is a opposition in the chading the army appointment of President Idris Idriss son's son son's son son to take over its father.
Experts said under the law in Chad, the brother of parliament should have kept a trolt power, but not his son son.
The constitution said, if the president was very very abi, then the speakers of the country would be charged in charge of the country for 40 days and so to put on a transition place until Mibaibaibagaibly election.
[Bʹot has been announced the military announced this this desols the legislative assembly and this is the constitution, so that they did not agree with the high constitution that was replaced the chief constitution with them.
Chelsea may be asked Chelsea points after the braw with Leicester.
Chelsea faces a face of point from the FA Cup as they failed to control the players as Mirror report.
In seven years, the team shows a mild temper to oppononents seven times.
The recent brawl in a match on Tuesday marked the seven months which Chelsea had a Premier League teams.
There is a match mark of the match in the last week between Chelsea and Leicesters players of both teams.
Wit the same kind of offence in the past, the FAuse Chelsea to punish Chelsea.
Leicester still face charges for the braw role in the braw of players and coaches Perardo Periririra take challenges.
In 2016, Chelsea were also charge in the indisciplines that the appeal against 375,000 in the part of the part of the part of the crude match during Tottenham against Tottenham.
If it affects them, the point that they would affect them the season very well as the final final final to take up the top of four.
US USfririd in Nigeria?
Inpaid, oversex, overdex and over here.
That was the wilder and crackanttuous opinions of many British people in the thousands of American GIs stations in several military rounds in Britain during the Secon of the Seco
The gumum-chewing, fairly, hard-drking and womanising soldiers from America come into a pubed into a pubedubeds wented a knife in the local that cause of the local of the locals of the local.
And this has been the warning that the American soldiers in the hundreds of the hundreds of American American American American American Okinawaa from Japan, Stuttgart, Abuja in Germany, Incililik and the Diampyarakianan in Turkey.
This is why it is a very time like a number of Nigeria, a virtual meeting in the last week with the Secretary of the United States States Antony American Blinken, said the President Buhari President Buhari told the President Buhari Command to considered the Command of the southern military (Air).
We are able to say that with this is a call, President Buhari made a way to host Afriricomcom.
In the first place, it was breached of the proscribed President Buhari to do that meeting with the American Secretary of State.
They are supposed to do the meeting with Blin Nigerian opposite number, Geoff Onyeoff, who came to meet the detail to meet president.
Yes, America is a superpower and all-to-to-to-coled and the strictly use it the strictly circumuming.
We understand Nigeria is a major internal security challenges that like the best efforts of the best efforts of the government and security establishments in the nation to tackle it.
Teosistististian insurgency in the North East banditry, kidnapping, kidnapping, farmers/herders clash all over the country and held their targeting and security security personnel and deaths to kill the destruction of Nigeria and other institutions in the South East, including the country.
But even at that, the call to host Afriririd on Nigeria in the siolat when we consider various issues of this move to justify Nigeria.
Appriri was a one of nine of the command who established the American American American strategic interests to serve American strategic interests around the world.
By means of the way of operation, this commands, particularly the men within American Afririly set up by a friririlylyly set up to the security issue and law of the law of coverage.
They did not do so when such issues affect the interest of America the directly in the area and in such situation, they are not mandated to yield to yield perdus operperandi and intelligence law with the local security and law.
If they set a friri up in Nigeria for instance, it would be an island on its access to Nigerians of all category of all categories and establishing the irorial area with the Nigerian law of the Nigerian law of the Nigerian law and its law of Nigerian law.
While it is always happening with American American Africomers, Afri-comcoming in disruptive intelligence operations and the act of act of acting and debotages in the country.
In this particular case of Afriing, part of his original descendants of the strategic influence of Nigeria growing in West Africa and Africa has a successful peace in Nigeria as we are successful peace in our efforts in our efforts in the world.
The held before Afririly, the Africa Crily Etiveively (AC) of the Cnton to set up up the strategic administration set up the strategic of Nigeria in Africa.
The Secretary of the president of the president in the Cntnton, the do-faced refineries attorney, War War War, which was not a visit to sell the country to sell the ideas.
But because Nigeria is the target, he pointed to him from heine.
Send, there was not far from Liberia and Sierra Nadia, it should be the coordinating value of the AC and as well as well assistance to facilitat the initiative for American African human human human human human human human human human human laws, procolclcl Nigeria and its targeted Nigeria.
Due mainly to a undisguility has hosted the idea from France, which was a number to seeing the Americansss trying to see the Americans sphere into an existence, review is considering the LGA of the mercy of Entrepreneurship.
In the review, a review, a expert of iteric Militaryce and political personalities, political personalities and institutions entered into the American village from the American legs, the American American American American Americans, the AFP added to set up the end of other command, which is also set up the continent.
Thus, to follow the recendation of experts who spoke of all angles of political and security establishments in the Bushes in America, the Bushor of Arifor Ariiriror with the administration made up of Nigeria but also also also put up to the reccccing strategiccomendes in Nigeria to keep on the strategicol.
The US Central Command (USCOM) was to the Middle East and Asia, a friririri, as it is to be in Floridada, in Florida, Command (EU), Germany, Germany, Germany, while also created the Command to European (CJCCCC).
The presence of French military has been surrounded by Nigeria as they were in Niger, Camun, Chad and Benin.
The America also has also been brral in Niger.
To added Afriir to the farm in Nigeria would amount to a complete capable of our strategic interests to both both France and America.
As we have it minded that our strategic interests including in Africa not in Africa with with the one in France and America, to host the same same same thing that would be the same same same same thing to protecting woe cage.
Nobody is in the insecurity of the country within the faces of our armed forces that could not cope with.
This is one after the military forces eventually securely securely securely against army of insurgents, with a high-entited armed and organised by the country from the located-up line from the city of Oghohogionon, which the Mado and Mado and the armies of the armant armies of the military armant armant army army armed Joshua,
It is regrets that the Nigeria Nigeria military, has falled from high standard of high standard of a struggle to cope with the activities of non-state actors internal act.
But intresically and essentially, the military in Nigeria also took the capacity and capability to defeat this threat to our nations security security security security leadership as well as motivation.
We need all the assistance and coopration of the American Peoples who could give us if they want to give us.
But as they holds us in hand to host Afririd with our circumsts in a view of his views and motivations, for our strategic interests, in our soil.
Despite a challenge, Plateau targets 7 metric tons of Irish pota.
In Nigeria, Plateau state is no one of the third Irish pota in nine of the 17 local government area in the state.
The Potato Our Chainice Support Project of the African Development Bank (AAB)itiatively as Plateau State have been held over 90 per cent of the country as well as the country like the country like Chad, Niger, Niger, Niger State, Niger, Niger, Niger-totototototototototototototototototototototototo-totototo.
The large shepherds in the Plateau State, according to Potatototo-comto-comates in the global potatoto-totototoa industry, has been made the largest largest number for four countries.
However a farmer, a farmer said that there is no good and bad road road network, including the cost of fertiliser and other input to be able to stand for the nation in the nation in the nation in the nation in the nation and export.
Others often contributed to low yield and loss for harvesting to the pota value of disease as bun and bluting, poor seeds, including poor seeds.
According to the National Bureau of Statistics, Plateau State are among the tenest state in Nigeria as poverty rates over 750 rate.
However the state has a pressatively to boost economic activities by improving the competitiveness of the potatotototototototoy value chain.
The project Coordinator for the Potato value in Chain Support Project, Thomas Muopshi, said the viibility of the Niger local government areas in nine local government areas in the LGA of the LGA of the LGA LGA of the LGA of the LGA of the Potatotototo
They are also LGA of any LGA of any LGA of the country.
However it is, Muopshi, said adle research research indicate that the remaining eight LGA in the state also also led to a LGA 17 LGA 17 LGA of Plateau LGA 17 LGA, especially in the dry season, especially in the dry season.
However the Association of Potato Farmers (APF) in the state, said the challenge of the challenges they face the value value chain and export to continue to maintain the little national national national.
Chairman of APF in the Plateau State, Lazarus Making interview, for a daily daily daily, said the in a small small dam Trust, especially in the remote area of a remote area where they planted a remote area and high input.
He said the cost of meised farming which can increases a expensive production as well as the majority of farmers are unable to affordable to afforderization.
Another farmer, a MaXup, who is Martha-mg, which started a pota in Ampae town in Manguu said a LGA LGA LGA which of a lot of fish.
Bekos of this, she said, the majority of farmers were searching for the ihole water to access irrigation water for farm.
Martha also explained that the high cost of fertilisering farmers from improving improving quality of yielding quality of yielding fertiliser, she added that it is not affecting the crop output.
The cost cost is also the cost of us from expanding the business.
So, it is not easy for us.
She said the construction of more dam including bee in irrigation would lead to many production of potatoes.
If the watre is not reaching for the crop, it will be also died and then it would be why some farmers who have the resources the resources they have access to grow, without of irrigation, without season, she said.
Irish pota in a market in Jos
Production to 7million metric ton after their complete lab
Witatorist production in the Plateau State in a 1,656, metric tonnes in 2017 tons in 2017 tons metric tonnes in 2020, the establishment of the establishment of Potametric tonnes, the establishment of Pota litre, the establishment of Pota litre, especially metric tonnes, the establishment of Support metric tonnes, the time to further time, 2020, 2020, 2020.
The officer, Monitor and Evaluate, state's Potatotorude Support Project for the state, told Daily Trust that the state started the state started over six million of six million production, according to the metric-laboritoritoritoritoritoru, 2021.
However, Yakubu said the state governmented other challenges in the faces of the challenges farmers, especially the one of fertiliser and road road road road roads, as well as they are expected to access access to achieve regulation to achieve regulation to achieve the target.
Our correspondent heard that the tissue culture labbbed, which intends to improve the state by providing seed clean and other seed cleaning pests and other forms of pests that are expected to commenced the grow in a few months of operation.
Yakubu said it was certain that the vent of the labb would improve income in the state and revenue for the state government to help security security security security in the country.
Farmers in Plateau State, however, believed that the tissue la, if it is fully equipped, to reduce the cost of treatment in the crop in the disease.
They also hope that a quality quality seeds will be available for affordable price.
FG has not returned £4.2m Iii has never returned to Delta Account.
The Office of the Office of the Federation (OAGF) reaves on Wednesday that the Federal Government has never returned to the £4.2 million who had recovered from former governor of the former governor-General to devvvvaged.
They are still waiting for the money after that they will resolve the issues without any further further action.
In now now, there was not return to any state Delta State, a statement from the office revealed by the Director of the director of information, Press and Public Relations and Public Relations, Hensres, Obike.
The statement said it was not resolve the issue of the £4.2million which was yet to be announced.
In the previous comment of the National Assembly urged the National Assembly to return the organised the arrest of Delta, Rafhawbike, said the only-fbike, in the general general general general commenting about money that is a huge amount of the state.
The three Super League played a strong suit against UEF coercion.
Super League three three Madrid, Barcelona and Major Eagles insisted on Wednesday that the remained to take the modernised football even threat to discipline.
UEFA has opened this formal prepllinary on Tuesday against the three clubs who refused to give up the Super League projects that has been given a lot.
In a combined statement of Italy, the Spanish of Italy, and the Spanish side said they remained to take the modernised football through thealogue with the U.A.
Barcelona, Meoko Haram departments FC and Real Madrid CF wish to express abolute of the insisting of the insisting co-cionionion of the U.Au has been able towards the three institution of the statement as the statement
This was at the time to raise a huge honour of the decisions of justice to make clear statement to warned, which a statement to warns a statement against any action to stop the clubs of the country when the taking of the top of the legal matter.
Therefore, as UEFA takes thiscipllised proceedings to be a direct attacking attacks and the rule of law of law, which is the rule of law in European Union, which is also built up with the law of the law of the authority of the law.
China has given 140 million COVID-19 vaccine
China has been 52.97 billions of COVID-19 vaccine as of April 4, 2021, as the National Health Commission (NNNHC) of the country said.
Chinas works to make sure that the vacccination efforts in major area and key to the over the quging plan of the country, inoculatatating as well as well as well as well as the result of the progress of the & Pjingasy and NC.
The country has been gathered resources to ensure resources in the city of the city which has a large large largest and size, cities of cities that have been brought to a high risk of high risk of infection, including affairs for publicly access in public areas in public service and farmers in order to ensure that have affairs.
For the present, Beijing, Shanhai including other places in Chinas citizens which has given up the vaccine, which is above the ages 60 and patience of 60 and patien-19 pandemic, which have a physical situation.
He Qinghua, who officially officially in the NCC noted that the commission would debination of order a order order to follow the importance of the pririririciate and free participation.
The country with a regular prevention and control his vacacation efforts to make sure that the regular responsibility of local government and the one who has been fulfilled, and looking for advanceation, and securely securely forced in the campaign and secured by more manners, we are securely forcedful and securely forced and securely acted in order.
Besides, China has been able to include more more people in vacination to ensure campaigns to ensure health, the official, added.
So far, China has approved COVID-19 polls in the five- enterprises in the country's a huge marketing or in emergency use.
Phase III of three vaccines has never been yet to be activate and adovless of the Board of the National Mackacy of National Medical Products Administration and the World Health Wdministration in China.
Phase the trial for the recunun/cunit vaccine in the emergency heady for the vaccine that the vaccine is safe and safe and can cause his strong response.
All the COVID-19 pandemic, which has been suspended through his clinics for the relevant standard, which is held in a national regulatory regulatory organization and began to take on the first time after the head of NC.C.E.
All vaccines are supposed to monitor and a mild - speaking recorded from time to make sure that they meet Scriptural qualifications for temperature and transportation and transportation.
H added that Health regulators in China has also enhanced effort for the training of health workers, requires to obeying instruction, so that they can guarantee the efficacy and safety of the UK vaccine.
Wema is able to be contesting for children.
Wema Plc has also hosting the creative little competitions to test the creative of young children in the ages 12 years old to 12 years.
The 2021 Royal Eddies Esay Competon for Write and Write, aimed to develop a moral skills as the creatatatating capacity, promotes capacity, reward and intelligence capacity of their own process.
Ten daughters would emerge in a screening process which will be transparent, credible and thoroughly thorough.
The three â€œessaessaessaessa was going to go into Huaweis tablets and Royal Ki-rts T-rt.
The other people entered the final final N20,000 prepaid cards each school supplies included other brands T-rt.
The â€œessaessaessaessa said a competition would be open to children a parent which is openly opened, including Royal Knont Account or to close to 24, 2021, 2021.
From Husspuppipuppi Rufai Rufai
Twelve months ago, Ramoni Abass (37s) knows as a hushi in June 2020, in June 2020 in June 2020 in June 2020 in June 2020, was necessary to do money and other scams across the targets of a scam club and other investigation.
The total money made a $4million after a $4million in the defrauds 1,400 victims.
After a year, Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI) also arrest the arrest of the Rufai Rufai as Sang Tang Aling Senior Special Assistant on the Ogun State, Governor, Governor, Governor, Deputy Governor, Governor, Governor, DÃ©ned Airport .
The money wives which was a relief money in the pandemic which is a Washington-based state of the COVID-19 pandemic because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The National lockdown was during the investigation and the investigation was tracked by the alleged fraud, which is a law of law law in Nigerias the Federal House of Nigeria because it is no matter what Ibive loss of the Federal Government (Ekiti).
They did the fraud by stealinging of a Washington- residents with a false claiming with the Employment of the Employment (SD) in the pandemic (D) in the pandemic.
They also creates a new-mail account for each social identity for the claim to identify the claim of the claim to escape over a fraud, prefiionion system.
After that, there has been paid more than $28 so banked in America between March and August, 2020.
Could there is a global threat to people, organisation and country.
Nigeria is more than $18 billions to Newcrimes every year.
By the time the 2021 will end, the world is totally total of $6million.
Taking date, it is more than 40 Nigerian Nigerian people or within the FBI also investigatee fraudulently scams.
The unemployed benefited from fraud Rufai to a Rufai under the COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria.
This is a scam which is a scam in the COVID-19 pandemic, has caused to be scammed by the government of organization.
During the COVID-19 lockdown in Nigeria, the globalcrisss fraud along the interventions from the government and private sector and private sectors of the programme are still still still till to date.
Doi pizzaza is a federal government of the federal government and the federal government, N20, N20, 000 relief funds and a sales of other people.
When some of the cyber-cririty outside Nigeria, some youngsters are doing it in Nigeria.
The Economic and Financial Crimes Commission (EFCC) was arrested, also to be able and convicts.
To understand the culture of the Kingdom-criogrality can help a serious government to fight the crime.
The family is the small world in the larger society.
It was a place to be able to benuture in the society.
Apart from the fact that many family in Nigeria in a dungeon of poverty and it is hard to care for the children of the children, some of the children have becomes their leg.
Ethically training for many countries is a challenge as they were arrested by parents and children who were held in the cyber-cririrality.
In some other places, yahooian boys were part of the association to take the celebrate of their children nd nd of the criminal.
In the religious set set, pastors, a hugea and tradidistist from home and benefit from yahoo-boo-bobooo-boismism.
Kadunaal teaching teachings comes to the materialisticism to enter.
It has a viral video where some of them spray money, while people were like a shepherd in a white meal for the white churchttiveively, as a member member member of the churches of the church are recorded by the law of the churches of the church.
Parents who are born in 1999 when Nigeria was 21 years old.
Sadly, it is growing to lie so as a way from politicians (and) for many cases from home, which are decicicits to vote for the promises that they are not in the promise of the prophets whose promise of the prophets whosekegn.
Lyyce also became the foundation of the socipuppity of hushism.
Youth are socialise in corruption by people people in public office.
They are seeing how the system is far as far as far as well as a public or private .
She was asked to ask how many frauden allegations and corruption have been investigateed by the punishment of the accusion ?
The number of cases with off off off-the-thes like as the Nigeria Delta Development Development Commission (ND) case like a family  affira.
The youths are seen as a flamyant lifestyle in the past.
They are seen how poor rightss is becomes millions of millions in order to enter the office.
They were seen how traditional institutions has becomen and when they were given the chief title title title.
Tertiary educational institutions, within a few months award on the honour of undeserving honours in exchange for money.
All of those weult is soft landing.
To added this list of cultures in the nutures the West which is the verylylylylylyly MIT as the fruitage of the cyber seed and a game as a game of crime.
While we elected fraudulats, it would be a law against the crime that is involved ?
The process processed the partys nomination to the nomination to the high bid to review importing importion, which is necessary to stop importing political political system of moral standards.
It is the most important reason that the partys leaders would be low when they showed money.
They also gave the platform to carry out a cover to a cover up and the society of its action.
Greeks also caused the current-criity.
The FBmanmanman Rufai, Donald't Rufai, said a powerful moved motitor was powerful.
Unfortunately, the greedy commercial means means to be presentant in all taxpay.
To move ourselves, we cannot live in sin, are expecting grace to rate.
Nigeria should be the anti-coruption system system and to put on the policy in a place to take advantage of the various lifestyles with intelligenion.
We must also give a youth in Nigeria into creating employment employment employment, reduced poverty and review.
The EFCC need to invest in technology and expose them to the pressive investigation to moderncrime loans as well.
The commission also need to finish investigation before the arrest of FB to arrest the FBB ppuppi and the Rufai Rufai as a Sang Tai-Rufai.
Unless the cultures of the universal in Nigeria with social engineers, the Middle-criririo will be spreading.
Dr Tade, a solasts writes this piece in a pudduddneohoohoo.
DRC President, a statement in the Terms of the African Union
President of the Democratic Republic of Congo, Felix Tshisked chaired in the African Union on Saturday.
He entered the first day in the 34th Ordinary of the Assembly of the Heads of the Ministry of Africa and government inle Ababa.
He was coming back after president of the South Africa who was Cyril Ramaphosa as the rotating Director of the organization.
The Au will aim to address the bad impact of COVID-19 in the continent.
The union
The official of 2021 is the 2021 Arts Cultures and Heritage: Levers for the Africa and Alleviation.
Despite the country and continental control control control, the impact of COVID-19, financially and financial costs in Africa, as well-economic cost for Africa, said.
The crisis has given to us the opunate to re-exam our socio-economic priorities and work towards sustainable economic growth that will allow a couple to allow our country to contribute to our fullest growth in the fullest of the fullest of the fullest
We must rely on ourselves and looking for our problems.
Tshi, said the Divorce during his time as his head in the union was looking to elevate voice voices.
It will also focus on sustainable development and in Africa.
We are going to make sure to make sure that integral well-bled peace, peace and security, health care care and strong and strong security.
Agricultural transformation, education gender equality, climates, and goodly moves to move free and freedom of speech and religion and enhances our common languages their commonages: community, in Africa and spiritages of the people, which will lead in Africa.
New challenges in Lagos PDP concerning LG polls
A fresh challenges have been gathered in Lagos State chapter of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) concern the release of the guidelines of the local government elections in the state that was released from the state of the state who is released.
Couldher have been fighting with many of his colleagues in the State Working Committee (SWC), which led to its suspensions recently, was released in Friday in Friday.
He will remember that the State Independent Electoral Commission (LASCCCE) has released the time for the elections to take on Saturday, July 24, 2021.
In the internal strife, the State PDP release the guidelines of the guidelines, which we heard no good for the eyes of the executive member of the eyes most of the executive members who said they were not able to kill them.
A member of the state executive chairman said the chairman was the chairman of the timetable unilally and not treat other executive members.
We later heard that the other faction of the party was a retirement to Doher can also also counter the embale Chairman over the guidelines.
The executive member of a situation in a situation is said the position of the member of the member of the member in the week, insisted that the key member of the executive member of the executive member of the executive public
How it seems to be borne in the pandemic Bl Jahan.
At the death of death, a new life brings a new life and including hope.
In January 1, 2020, a new morning, two red line changes my life.
I am very happy and happy .
There is a new year.
It was the most remarkable year of my life.
All of a sudden, all of its changes.
My daughter's daughter was bornon at the end of the first lockdown in Dazarusaka, Bangsh; now is now nine years old, I was born in the end of the first ages at the end of the first lockdown lockdown.
She was the reason I was a mother in the middle of global crisis.
It was not only her born, but also new me, tara, wra, which spends the whole pregnancy in the home and children in the children in the emergency situation in the emergency country.
The world has seen the world with men andolation.
Her grandma was also afraid to touch her or near her husband if they did not wear.
If the pandemic is not a journey to take my mother's different.
This is a very special for my children in the front, looking for me smile.
In the last mother day, she was growing in me.
The only thing does not change, mean the pandemics.
I was 16 weeks in the pandemic when the pandemic, and the world entered lockdown.
I was a struggle to survive the pandemic with my homonal and physical changes.
The 22 weeks were like war.
My husband, Sina Hasan musician and all its fast is also the fastlled for the time.
I was free from January 1, 2021, 2021.
So we are depending on what I have saved, and we spend all my savings.
Our parents and two members of the line to help in the main time.
I am fear of all.
Most of the time, it was like that.
I was knocking on our door.
I am a da to new life in an online we were click and deliver our things or home-de-delili-de.
I have a waiting for one week to deliver deliver delivering a grories between day.
I even feared to send the only family members with me, my husband said to buy food storage.
So, I don't eat.
While still, I could not go for mytenatal check-up as they were given me time.
And I am not really convinced that if my child is growing a lot of development to take place.
I am sorry for my children that I am brought to it in the world that I am ever.
It's tele helped me more than some three months in the last month.
I am forget the face of my gnnacietst.
I could not imagine she would look if she does not wear PPE.
I needed informing about the risks, precautions, and how I could get a emergency medical help.
It is a lot to come around.
At this point, mother's mother often experienced my mother, and my mother-la-law can be only only to support me and not only to meet for the person ?
Traately, experienced mothers and mostly older women in the family to help new mothers within a new mother including obvation.
I have been able to attack because I had no information and understanding.
So I am a huge experience of mother during this time.
I saw social media as lifeline.
I read many exciting experience in social media when I was in a group over 100,000 woman which grew up and gave the uterus to support each other to survive the pandemic.
There is a media group in the platm that helps 100,000 woman which gave birth to women as well as to share in the lockdown lockdown.
It was one of the group helped me find it looking for a huge fcility to take on its ble bleyyyyyyyyyy for the lockdown.
Another group helps to stop anxiet and the depression with children in the future.
I am anger that I could not meet my parents, relatives, or friends to share the joy of my family members in the family.
My daughter was born on a August 25, 2020, at the same hospital, Azimk Mani, where I was born for decades ago, 2020, in August 25, 2020, 2020, in the same hospitality where
And she met another child on a few months in December 31, 2020, when the four of December 31, 2020, when his father go the roofs with me to see the fire.
Anothernother baby, with two baby, who was my neighbouring for the first time to go to the byeby in 2020.
It is a day, and it is also a gift, to consider the recent Constitution of increases in COVID-19 cases.
When the death of the death of the new life, the new life brings and hope.
In the mother, it was not different from the battle as they wined war against children in the pandemic and they care for the new children, to confirm the safety more than the children.
Sociallyly, it has beentionally and physically, this is a challenge.
Thanks to the light of the eyes in the eyes of the baby them.
Thank you to my daughter, my daughter, who was a successful fights and the surviveer of this pandemic.
The Arose Arose Jahan has has been kept the National Geogs Society of Emer (NANU), Emergency/merististist.
National Geogras Society of this work.
The national questions, insecurity and the declaration in Asaba.
By Segun
Recently, a governor in the souther Nigeria was met in Asaba and made some of some of the state of the nation, which has been called Asaba declaration.
The meeting is comeing on the matter as insecurity in the country has been worse than some of some ethnic ethnic ethnic groups and the matter of the matter of the matter of murder men generate attention nationwide.
Indeed, the bi-partisan of the meeting including the meeting including the younity of the 17 governor's displayed a serious business.
Restrucuring in the context of the federalism and the ban of open grazing form of the declaration of the declaration.
Major, a light was to bring the state, devtion of power, to review revenue forms of the central uniting uniting uniting unit and the need for nationality to examine the nations question.
While they are supposed to condemn the waysnononoss of the social financial food in the state legislature and the spirit of true true worship of the federalism which led by the spirit of the federal government, which was called in the ruling Progressive Progressives Congress (APC) are called on the federal committee.
One expects that the leading light in the APC would take advantage of the issues of the Asaba and the support of the support of the major opposition to address the process to address the issue.
Instead, we saw a attempt to play to playing the gallery and in some quarter, subles cenensure of the governor.
The El-Rufai has recommended a devage of power to control power, the state government, local government government and auteuting from fring in favour of enabling and enabling them in the unit of traditional uniting unit of the unit.
President Buhari has given support for local government, legislature and judicial auter since its backs in the statute and issue issue of 10.
As the state of the nation was, the security and economic production has becomes a big challenge, this two sector should have the unting attention.
Despite the most rate of Nigeria as the highest GDP in Africa, we also have not yet to be a better effort to translate the main effort to improve and the majority of our nations people of our country.
For instance, our annual budget which reached $98 billion billions, is very very very very “ inadequate to take up the need of 220 million million people.
South Africas about 58 million people have a National budget of $7bnbn in 2019 and her Social Protection Programme to reach his interests 17mivvi.
The effort of the Buhari administration is made, though there is a new way and honorable, is not over oceanananan and it is not adequate impact.
This is the power and power to enter.
Soliding food and natural resources are not less than any businesses to live in a day in Exclusive lists.
Almost all the state in the country has a natural resources that can sold to explore and generate money and generate the foreign exchange of the country to generate the need.
The present system of system will be to Abuja to kept all the federal of the country in breeding in breeding, not follow the principles the principle of the federalism.
Just as the El-Rufai took the proposed proposed proposed by the review of revenue in favour of its states since responsibilities would be added to them.
On top of the state, he is undesratable to say that governors governors were fearing governors governors, but like the Riches Nortond, you have fear, not against it is going through it.
For a long long long, we have been walking with fear of the state, we have turned to the centralised Nigeria Force Force), which has becomes overstretched and a major problem.
While the vice-Pesidents Osinba, some years ago, the Police Police Police was able to come.
We have to address our fears and overcome it.
One in the way is to be enacted to establish the State Police Police Police Command (SPRC), along with constitutional amendments with the police police police police police police police.
It would be a similar view of the Federal Service Commission (PSC) but will be a wider power to exercise the exercise of members of its appointed funds.
Does a ban ban on the governors the governors restate no nwe, it is part of the very part of the National Livestock Transformation of the National Livestock Lives (TPU) of National Executive Council (NEC).
The International Crisis Group (CC) has put the NLTP as the most comprehensive effort to date to take over the in order to take overhaul overshament and grosros of the gropropropppppproently under.
In the current of the strategy was to take an curb climate or open grazing and its risks between herders and farmers, adding that some of my opinions that some are also-atedededed by meimimed ethnic forces.
Let the federal and ste a very fast to implement this new plan so that we can put this farmers-herders-herders clash from time to time to time.
The convagement of National Dialogue, a major demands of the Asaba, can not be less necessary since report from the 2014 National Conference of recommendations of recommendations of the Omo-Rufai-Rufai which is
The two report was to be far more than the governor's recommendations that the governor was elected in the legtor in the national assembly could be agreed to be agreed to be wasted on another jamboree.
On the issue of a separatating agitations for a modalities to make a referendum to doum as the constitution.
It is almost many of the most majority of Nigerian people to live together, not our differences.
To do this will take the funds comes at the wind of the winds in the wind, which is the hates and the hates.
The Southern Governor has argued the commitment to one United Nigeria on the top of justice of justice, fairness and equity, so must every Nigeria.
Though we have a challenge like every other countries, we must listen to ourselves as US President Joe Biddenly often said.
Torily live in Abuja
Two officers have died as brought fire on police station.
It was not only 24 hours after the new Commissioner of police officers in a appointed in Anambrak, Christ's elevated aumber know, which was denied, a terrorists in the state of the state government in the state and the North Government Area of the state of the state.
The licensed leaders attack the police station late on Wednesday, were free all the people who are being set the station on fire.
A member of the police station, which was affected by the police station, which had been killed and attacked the police station at 11pm.
He identify the officer who died as Inspector James and Awa.
The source source said the victims in a close station that was not close to the police station at the police station.
The source also said that when other police officer was gathered on a retirement of unusual movements of the former gunmen, allegedly attack and the attack to burn the police station on the police stations.
Meanwhile, the police in Anambra has confirmed the kill of two men.
DSP Tochukwu Ilagaga, the Public Public Relations Officer (PPRO) in the command, confirmed the attack, said the state chairman of the police commissioner has been sent to assess the incident.
The IGPal team team of Police leads the tactical team which has seen instruction to see on the spot of the spot.
They also urged the team to identify the nomination of the country which the attacked the attack, as he said.
I China was said, adding that the body of the two police police had been in a nearby morgues said the investigation was started on the matter.
NEPC, Commonal collaborated on a top production of professional service export.
The Nigeria Export on Promotion Council (NCC) and the Commonal Ecves was to collaborate to collaborate to produce reliable exporting for professional service for professional service in Nigeria.
Speaking at the in the inaugural meeting of the National Consultative Committee in the International Trade-Ser-NCCCC) which led under &CCCC) which led under the Commonnical Segegation of the Director-elect, the Director-Cinancial
Awolowo said that it has been tried to create power of the trades service of the economy, including National Strategy, including National Strategy in 2010 in 2010.
He said the language of Nigeria has helped Nigeria to develop one-map for the sector in 2016.
The employer in NECC said the current focus in collaboration with the current Commonal Secttoeta is on the management of data and management for the management of the NPCC
He said this is critical to our efforts in export as it will fill the gap for the gaping or caping data from the relevant institutions to generately, to generately and use the statal of statate information on the global Service of globally.
NITDA, firm launches to launch up at July
The National Information Development Agency (NDA) and a firm man in the United United States has a sign to sign financiallyly support between 10-ups from 15-up and 15-up started with full-up in July months.
Director General General General General, Kashifuu Ibrahim, said this on Tuesday during a virtual media engagement with government of Mas Mass Cle
Abdullahi Abdullahi said the initiative to identify and accelerated te started top-ups and growing for Nigeria and growing business to serve the Nigeria and global market.
The DG in the NITDA said the initiative would be launched the initiative in July added that it would improve innovation and entrepreneurship in the country.
While little ecosystem is a highly critically to the future of our country and a Vital seedital to find solution to our various challenges.
Innovation is a prominent way to create properity for all and to lift the country into poverty.
The CEO of MasCalngelenge, Siobhane, said the firm has said the firm-up sport over 2,9-up started over the world and that the firms have generated $6 billion billion jobs.
Kidnapper was led to two women in Abuja.
Kidnapper have been led to two woman, wa IsaAah and Fu
Fama, who was born the two victim, Mrs. Attah, a retired school teacher, told our house at her house, said around Saturday.
She said she was sleeping and the children in the room when the kidnappers entered the house after water watered a high.
She said one breaks a window to take the room with her children and left a gun in hand.
When the girls felt that they were tried to break a window, they run my room to the kidnappers, but the kidnappers were in my room, and they took all of us, as she said.
According to her, the kidnappers were leave her after some few few few years ago when they were not in a house because she could not leave the old age.
It was after we crossed a river, where I could not walk against the other gang told me that i was going to go back with my two pkking, she added.
A resident, who lived the area, which said the kidnappers did the operation in more than one day as a hour is shooting to scare people from them.
He said no security man was here when the kidnappers were shooting in the air over a hour, he said.
Daily Trust gathered that the very day, the woman and her son was always sleeping in neighbouring home home and their home because they were feared after fearing kidnappers.
We also gathered that the daughter of the daughter of the woman, who was prepared to be prepared to do the next month for next month.
The spokesperson of the police command in the FCT, the ASP Maryam Yusuf, refused to pick a text message to a text message to her husband to confirm the latestne to confirm the latest incident.
Why I was going tov inside Anayodecan in Priest
A Anglican Priest Priest Priest Okonk, has said his races in the November governorship in the November governor because he wanted to bring the knowledge of God and knowledge of God and knowledge of the state to show the matter on the matter of the state.
Skims, who spoke of Daily Trust on Wednesday after his supported its supporter in Awka, said the state capital, the state capital, said the state is laging behind good terms of good terms.
The people who are now now now has not been able to manage the resources of Anambra State in the good of the Anaam people.
I believe that we can do better than we management the resources of the state.
It has been able to move from lukal at the leadership of the leadership of the leadership of the leadership.
I was in apcccable to change the poor outing out the state in the past years, as he said.
Barty have beat Kvitova to play last four matches with Badoado
Jleigh Barty would take on Paula Badosa in the semifinal of Madrid Open after beating Kraratova over 3-3, 6-3 in Wednesday.
No longers Barty fourth in the year after she wins a fourth title in a year ago.
In the last four she would face the woman who beat him in a quarterfinal in the early April April.
On Wednesday, the Australia was the top against a top against Dimimbledon wins two times including 2015, 2018 open winners Kvitovaova.
Wildpd Bados become the first Spanish woman in the tournaments that have been 12-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year-year to make her a 6-4, 7-in Benicic.
They were gathered 22m of Elisha in Egypt.
T twent-twoent-twoonie of pharadooh, which in the street on Cairo on a sururururururururururing royal robbers from Egypt from the new Muse National Museum of Egypt (C).
It was the event as launching NMEC.E .
Against the backs of fireworks, the gruesome kings kings and four kings were traveling in ordered in order to travelled age-coilile gold-coilile gold-coonons, with a air-coed chariots, and a busbbback of the air, and a buses of a buss, which were andbbbed names, which the air.
Seqiren Taoian Upper Bpper of Egypt around 1,600 Bpper, leaded the headquarters, as the Rames of Rixes, located in the 12th century B.C.E .
Speaking with the strict international standard of the transported artifacts, the royal remained in the royal remained in the state-the-the-old sterile display to guarantee cases to guarantee cases.
National 60 cars, 150 las, and a pharaic Nnsnsnspned Egypts maest ma-maro-ma-ma-males, Nadicicicicyond.
The procession starts with a 21-Rufai in the top of the obelisk in the Tahrle Square, and then proceeded along the Nile to the NMile to the NMEDC.C.E .
The last-minute in 40-minute participation of 12 celeb in Egypt in Egypt, as a 200-based global Communications broadcast.
The pricele artifacted for the next two weeks in the NMECtory pioneers, where they will prepare them for installation in the Royal Mupper, which is ready for the kings of the kings of the kings of the kingdom.
They will open the Royal Mur Halls to visitors in April 18, which has been built with World Fitage Day.
To promote the launch, NMECing 50 percent these tickets for the Central Exhigation of the Central Exhibition from visitors from April 4.
To added, people of local media and internationally have the opportunity to take up the artifacts in the Central Exbbition for free on April 4 and 5.
Onlooking Ain is the heart of the heart of the historical catats near Babylon, NMC.Es and one of the largerts and most important important important quality of the world that is the first of the whole world and the first of the whole.
Despite a prison in Kano prison concerning illicit drugs
Pandemonium is a central prison in Kano central in Kururawa on Thursday evening.
The roar began when the warder was in the prison, in the prison, which was eniezes cannabis and cannabis, which was brought for in in the in the morning.
When the Public Relations Officer of the Nigerian Party (PDP) in Kano State, Musbahu Ssarawa State, Musahahu Nasarawa, confirmed the matter, adding the matter how the matter was set to set out of the cannabis into the centre.
He said, there is a able cannabis entered the prison and our operates it, so that we were shouting,he said.
We have set up committees to look out out how kind of illicit drugs get into the house; whether the food brings for one of the prisoner or conivedive operatives.
The action did not have anything with jailbreak, is just just a roarar, which has also been described in a letoial centre, adding.
Rumouring is said that the prisoner was to break the jailer for the jailer to escape the food that they gave to a break fast, on the break, on the breaking bugant donations from phpe.
The spokesperson of the INC debunkk the rumour, is described as well-inless.
Daily Trust reports that the 100 years in the Kururawa area behind Palalace of the North was the biggest umed in the state capital centres in the state.
FG call for the global action against trafficking trafficking trafficking trafficking
The federal government has urged the world to give a international cooperation as part of a fight against and to fight and to carry drugs, including other forms of crimes crimes.
This is even even as Nigeria expressed deep concern over the incident of financial drives from developing economy by developing the world.
This is one part of the position in the present conference of the United Nations Commission on Communications on Prevention and products to go on, in Viennanana.
Tok spokesperson of the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency (NDLEA), Femi Babafemi, said the Chairman of the agency, Brig-Gen.
Mohamededed Bubaet (Retdetd), which presented the position of Nigerias item in the meeting as the nations support and strengthen the nation to strengthen the process of ruling sector and strengthenion from the economy, which they have nothing of free will also benefit from their terrorists from free.
It is also necessary to control and control the control of traffic as illicit drugs in the drug, drug, which led to violence to violence.
Nigeria also worrys that the link is between wm and other forms of crime like corruption, bad and money comes of money to grow, money and illicit drugs in illicit drugs, illicititit drugs, illicit drugs and sggggates and sonononononononates, said.
When it delivers a statement from Nigeria from 6C on Wednesday, Marwa said the nations wanted to improve international cooperation to address every other other crime, which is urged to address all the state, as well urged all efforts to address the efforts to address the cause of the cost of poverty, which others.
When it presented the statement of the country on 7 in Thursday, Marwa said Nigerias notes the great concern of illicit financial funds, we are passing through the financial system through the financial year, from developing analysis.
To take the advice of the people in this bad institutions, including financial institutions, enablers to the state of illicit financial funds to track and track to the custody from the rural institutions but also to transformed it for the financial institution of development, which is allowed to return to beyondcum.
In this regard, we are called for the implementation of the recommendations of the fact panels in support of access to reccor and the programmes in sustainable development.
Timipre Syva, Kurfififit celebratement as Chelsea win Champions League.
Two prominent people in the former Governor of Bayelsa State and the present Minister of the Petroleum State, Mr. Timl Sreping Syvvva and the Chairman of Katsina State Association of Katsina State Association, Alhaji, Alhaji, Alhaji, Alhaji, Alhaji Aminu State Association, Alhaji Aminu.
In the final number of English, former Chelsea shocked Chelsea 1-0 in the Eduioioiose.
do Dragao in Ports to win the second trophy.
Kai Havertz, one of the expensive addition from the last summer, is his scored the goal to set a third defeat in a third row's City.
Momentments after the match, the former governor tweet I supported Chelsea FC in UCL), and I did not regret.
Kurfifis who watch proceedings for Abuja with Syva said he creates the huge time to watch the former match with the former governor to support and the match after the match after the match.
I need to support it because it is avid at Chelsea.
I am also a pii said in the end, he has a reason to celebrate.
No one is a person knows his Excellency Timipre Sylva has passion for sports, especially football.
At my path, as the Chairman of Katsina State Football Association, I was a father to supporter club in my state.
I am with Chelsea from loan from Katsina United.
From the United, loan will go to Kufri DTigers, now, I am now in every club, as Kufriri said like a like playing like.
Election in 2006: President Musevens were organized, rival said a fraud.
President Turni Muszen leads in the early pesidents in the Ugand, according to a result of the electoral commission from the electoral commission in Friday morning.
This is as his main rival has said he has a proof that fraud has been entered the election.
While it has been 29.4 per cent of their votes from ballot on Thursday, Musate 1, Ikeja, Mus Angeles, voted, or 45 per cent as the main opposition candidate of the candidate of the Worship candidate of Wobi (23, just as the commission.
WineJ fraud
Wine of singing is a lawmaker who has kept a call in political changes in political changes on Friday, told the video that he has been able to vote in peace, which he has votes in peace and vote in peace.
He has said it for a early early early that he has confidence that he would win despite violence and violence.
Musanti, who leaded the country in the East Africa in a 46 million in 34 million in any years, said noonon for noononon.
Internet black
On Wednesday, the government ordered the use of the internet till further, a day after all social media and messagaging appinaging appina.
Wine and his supporters were used to show a coverage of his campaigns and news conference after many media outlets refused to host it.
The campaign with dead campaigns with deadly crackdown on opposition candidates and supporters were in the hands.
The capital capital in Mozambique, Kampala, is bublelylyly in Friday, which is quietly quietly quietly quietly on Thursday, as they voted most shop shops.
Soldiers are patrols with leg in a rain-East a suburb of Reuters visit.
The headship, Simon Byabama, assures the nation on Thursday night after a closerrrr resulting in the national centre centre of the nationally centres despite black nationwide.
We don't use local publications to take the lead in our own system, as it said that we give attention to the system of the system.
No wori, resulting, resulting, Byabak, said.
New pandemic has hit more than a prefeture in Japan
Japanreadi has expanded the present state of the emergency to cover three prefecturs, as the government said.
This is the with the infection of the coronavirus in the country ahead of the country ahead of the Tokyo Olympics.
The prefecture in Hokkaido, Okay, Okayama and H were likely likely to get the value of Sunday, as well to enter the end of May, Economic Economic Minister, Lagos, Yutoitalisation, said.
A panel of fertiliser the proposal, as Nishura which is in charge of the coronavirus response by the government to said.
The northern island of Hokkaido reports recorded 712 new infection on Thursday as well as the western prefecture of Hiroshimamai also also seen records record of 219 cases in the northern year.
As the infections are growing Hiro and Okay, Okay to the relach relach a week for public road to a public road.
International Olympic Committee, Thomas Bach is supposed to participate in the to participate in the lach event in Hiroshi in May 17.
However the local organization has said they have been baptized Bached to Japan before the games of the games.
The postponed was as the state of the emergency in Tokyo including three other preftures until the end of the end of May, and adding two other regions of Aichi, Fukuid regions in the NASC.
The government declares the state of the emergency in the four preftures in the April, was a request to bars and restaurants to serve in the tabernacle and break with Playing service against located against
Experts have given a warning that there is more than more than more contrious, especially as they takes the coronavirus vaccine in the mid-Fincecece that have launched him in mid-Fbruary.
Only one per cent of Japan's
It has been vacate 12 million of millions of people.
Farmers will benefit from mechanised farm in Jigawa
The Alu Agro Agro Sluded Company, a farm on 100-hectareres of their village, along the Biririm Government Area of Jigawa State, has changed the change of Jigawa State Government Area of Jigawa State, has been changed for the plised for Nigeria.
As was established in the farm almost five years ago, as we were held by the taking response to the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari to return to agriculture as the main main main main mainstayyayyyyy in the nation in the country of the country.
It's cattle has not been attached to him.
Founder in the company, Farou Adamu Aliyu, a former member of the House of Repural key to it, the GGMP added.
We do green farming.
We have a high-metetets that are fully automats greenhouse, where we produce tomato.
We also have a two-Generaletetets for green to other greenhouse, including other Lagos-metetreetetetre farming to use as well as nursery.
This greenhousehouse is all a foreign-oriented, which has installed to a produce varieties of vegetable.
It is only tomato which produces the 10,000 branchs soilmated greenhouse and we produce an average of 10 ton tomato every week week.
We are another 10,000 branch-metets locally-pricated greenhouse.
We also livestock sections, where we have over 300 of 300 of their cattle, some camel and sheep, while he said.
Daily Trust gathered that the farm has also been accused by the uniting unit, with the local fish in the pond.
Similarly, one inty-ton per cent of the ble plant plant plant in the early part of the year, as we heard about 300 loads load of NPPize fertiliser under the Presidential NPizement of the Presidential intelligent level.
We have imported equipment that can install 120,000 capacity in poultry system.
We hope that we will produce a produce reaching between 3,000-4ls of eggs in a day, as Mansuring said.
He said the farm was also planted in the farm where theary, which is produces 2,000 litres of milks in a day, adding that they are also about about about 150-2 swiresresress of the land that are left for rice production and other crops.
Masuring majors major majors the tomato is a premium customers, notably in Abuja and a big hotel in Abuja, including other areas.
He confirmed however, however, however, the main market in the product is the mainly part of the country like Enugu, Onitsha, Owerri.
However it, he argued that the small customers were in Kano, within tomato product in a local market in a local market, notes some kind of
First, the fact that the tomato which produces a farm is a special speci and the second reason is the fact that the fact is a major area for tomato produce.
You know that tomato is a common product for here, so oud priceless is the open market.
So essentially, people have not been actually looking for our side, looking for the veyy with what we believe that it is due to the cost cost cost.
And when you have a product that is available in the country, it is sure that people would buy the one cheaper.
It is a farm hand in the fishing fish.
As told the average of the average lifess of tomato product, he said, if you gave the tomato every tomato every tomato everything, giving that i mean that held by the pple of the feedment, when you are growing three weeks of the last weeks after the last week.
But even without his last- minimum in a week, there is no week, not in a refriation, and not in a presure and many heat.
You may be able to put on the table where there are better.
It can lastly in the 10 days of 10 days, but if they provide every provide for its requires to be last month.
We don't restly, but then then you are not at the same time.
The farm is a source of employment in a 200 in the village where it was it.
He also said the company had some to come to train the youth in the arae on information in arae skills.
He further further said most of the equipment in the farm was from Turkey, except the fertiliser-blending machine, which imported from China.
He added that even the farming meeting is like it in Turkey, because it is a Turkish partner which helps them to maintain the standard of the company, but not always allows the company to allow Nigeria to allow the tackical aspect of operation.
Speaking on the effect of COVID-19 on the operation of the operation of the company, Mansurs said, while other corporate entities in the country, persecuting effects from the virus.
In Mansuring youth, in Nigeria does not force to remain unemployed with the other opportunities for the people to reveal that the people in a white-cokk in a white-colar job to adjust the reality and go to agriculture.
He believed that Nigeria has been done without a long time before he noted that if the country had a statement in the present power in the present economic challenges.
2023: Lawmakers to seek a better deal in Southern Kaduna.
The member representing Teba Constituency in the State House of Assembly in Kaduna, in Kaduna, who is a call for a lot of people to come back and maping out and mles slevages to Southern strategiage in Kadunaial District of 2023.
Speaking after a meeting with a stakeholders in Kagoro, Kaura Local Government Area of Kaduna State, in the weekend, in order to be a member of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), said the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) should be abandoned for Kaduna people.
It was the time for the entire Southern Kaduna people to get it right.
We need to transform our region and improve security, education, agriculture, economy, employment and empowerment for the teeming youth and we will do it with non-goveroveroverovernnetal organization, added.
The Director-General of the Campaign Bello, who is Timothy Chindos, said the dess, said the people of the Kaduna South Senatorial District of the Kaduna South Senatorial District would be represented in the Senate.
For all things are under the sun, it has a reason.
So as the stadium in this critical period of this critical period was not a huge coincidence, but a Bible from the region from everything from all the region from the region from growing and growing up with other region, Kwaamam
3 Africa, there is no Nigeria among among among among, as the City is contesting UEFA Champions League final.
No doubt that footballs fans were waiting for Nigeria in the 2020/2021 the 2020/2021 UEFs final finals that will happen ton ton two English clubs and Chelsea City will be contested for the Ece of Drgao Port.
With a view of the fact that UEF Champions League is one of the biggest football in the next Open to FIFA World Cup and the Olympic football event, level has increases the increase in the high Premier League has been set to set in the huge League.
As Manchest City has never wined the Champions League final before cheling the first wins them and only only titles in 2012.
Therefore, even despite footballs a undisp City has been able to win this night, Chelsea to win this night, Chelsea go into the ground with the credentials.
It is a former chion.
However Thomas Tuchels leaders in Chelsea were not wining the Champions League final, his oppononon in Manchester City ppon in Manchester City, duo Pep Guardiola has defeated him.
He wins it with Barcelona and 2010.
Therefore, many are able to expect from the actingors to the field in Estadio.
do Dragao in Port and the men with charged the technical area.
Interestingly, despite both contesting has only three African players in Riyazz (Algeria), Mall Manchester City, Hach Zchchchor Zchor Zchooooji, Chelsea (Bor), Edo).
Sens, Chelsea) interests of Africa in the final have droped.
In Nigeria here, where Chelsea and Manchester City have enjoyed many followers from passionate football, expecting a huge feverever, and it has been led to interest to interest.
Fans of the other club who had heard the stages of the Champions Leagues a re-aligignun within Chelsea or Leicester interest in the world's interest.
The consequence is that the final is one of the article in the sports at the moment at the moment and fans of the premieral club club have continued to predicting the final final.
However it is like that almost everything has been waiting to svour the football artistry displaying, some types that are not in the final players of the final competitions for the final competitions in the final competitions of the biggest competitions.
If we follow the history in the UEF-A League final, there is only 24 African footballers and win the trophy with European clubs.
It was very sad footballs like Liberia's , weah that were voted as World Football of the year in 1995,
Rashing Yeki of Nigeria, Mohameded About of Egypt, Keny-Ja-Ja-Ja-Jaise, Sunday, Olhise Saturday, Tarson of Nigeria, Tarked the Champions League victory of Egypt and bandits of Egypt.
Although Moealah (Egyy), Sadi Maneen (Slipipipipipi and Naby (Citaita) are the major stage when the Ubine NEFth (EP) are win of Zimbabwe, the first trophy of Zimbabwe, the first trophy of the first trophy of the first win in 2019.
He achieve the electric in 1984.
Alfeian legend Rbah arrived with him in Ports at 1987 and Abedi-Ghan (GGP) in 1993) in 1993 with the Opataton for Nigeria, before Nigeria.
duo Sduo Findi and Nwakki Kanu lifted him with Ajasterdam in 1995.
It is also recorded that Gerem Njijile the first of the first African to win the title twice in 2011 and the Spanish region in April and 2002, Samuel's Etototo-tototoo came into three times with a victory of the Interterterter.
Others who have won the high Highk of the Highanko Tankohan (Ghan).
Borussia Dortmund 1997, Kuffour (Ghan) Bayern Munich, 2001, Bcary (SC) FC (SC) PortSththth Ara) FC (Srao FC (Sor)
98, Yayaya Toure (Cote dIvoire)
Barcelona & 2011, Seyt Kedoud Kedoud (Ogun), Mexico, Sully Muntaunta (GP)
Intertertertered into the 2010 and McDga (K), 2010.
John Umal Obi-Ngeria), Michael Essien (Ghan), Salomon (C'sIvoire), Dr Didier'sIvoire), Dr Didier-Cotot (C) wins victory with Chelsea of Chelsea (Mchor (MP) and Realootball (MP).
To come close to home, the last time in Nigeria who wins the trophy of 2012, when Arts AFAF Cass a trophy with the trophy with the Chelsea of Bayern Municenward of Bayern.
After that achievement by the former captains Super Eagles, Nigeria did not see other talented players, Ahmed Musa, like Ahmed Musa, Netfredchiechiechieola, Iwola, Oilezie, Oikehihihihihihihihido, Sun, Sucs, Maesons, a former captainsson of the former captain.
But nothing of them have been published for the final club competition in Europe.
The reason is not clear.
It was the top of the five club in Real Madrid, Bayern Munich, Barcelona, Barcelona, dominated the competitions.
Unfortunately, Nigeria players have failed to enter highly a highly rate in Europe.
It was a hope of Nigeria stakeholders that very soon the new generation of players in a break language and started to play a potential to win the U League.A League.
If this failed, then the footballs fans in Nigeria will continue to live with the victim of the watching fisaking the Ugwus for the UEF-A League, without the presence of any presence of Nigeria.
As Nigerias people waiting for the next Super Eagles a rise to the top of the European club competition competition the way Nwawank, Nwawank, with him with him in Ajagk in 2012, a few hours of the 2021 2021 2021 2021.
For the end, victory will be in the Manchester club with a hunt for the first title of the Londers in the second for the second for the secondles and the second time to watch the winners of the world, the Premierage of the world.
Heyimba have forced FC Station for 2-2 to draw in the Orient ofbyby.
Enyimba FC came from a secure to secure in the 2- draws for them weekly fixed the re-schched-chchched groups in the south stadium.
The orietalter is seen that he has made three changes three changes to the team in Rivers United on Sunday.
Sadiq Abubakar a return after a few weeks after he was taken into a late while Anthonrick Oba and Mbaoma entering the start started up line again.
The first 28 minutes of the game was seen as both both sides in the first time but the visiting blood through Saidu Adamu Adamu, who is a kee home home from a keee home, who was headed to meet him to meet him.
While the out side has a result of the game, they had more confidence and that one to leave the host to get back into the game as the first end of the first 1-0 in favour of the visitors.
According to the second half, IfeanyiUbah continued to press the second goal and have been the reward of the reward of Saidu Adamu Adamu Adamu has a brace after his brace after his 61th minute.
While the second goal was to life to life, Eyimba began to throw everything forrs in the game to get back in the game.
In the 7th minute, the presence of the presence paid off as Reuben the deficit for Emba for a lucky fashion.
It is a Conppping Uzwe keeping out his initial header but the ball back to it and ovable the line.
The goal was given to some hope as they continued to a press in plun in a plun to never secure a point at least least least at least least
And they have this for 90th minute through Imotot.
Following this result, Eyimba has moved up to 5th position with 31th points from 17 games with two out of its matches.
Meanwhile, FC IfeanyiUbah was still in a relegation zone as 17 points in 19 games.
Farmers are apprehensive as planting started with erraticzed rains.
As wet season began in most part of the season of the season, farmers have been “ with fear and fearing the raintic and could damage production.
Rain is unatable for Benue, Kaduna, Niger, Kaduna and part of the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), and many farmers have planted funds.
In the 2019/2020 wet season, located in the raintic region in the north and mid-west of the south-west farmers to be due to failure.
Musa and Halimama and Halima in the Domafia and Lafia, Nasarawa State, said they have planted maize, and soybeans crops like casava and yama and yams, with other experienced beans likely.
I loss my equity last year due to a heat in the rainy of the rainel.
This year, we have been a second week in May but the rain is not exwelelel.
And I have already been able to 15kg of groundnut.
If he continued like this in another week, I could loss all all the seed, as Mrhanea took the talk.
Like many farmer, the FCT has planted more than the FCT, but they had a major fear in the last year.
In Benue state, Benue state, our correspondent, our correspondents that farmers have been able to cultivate land and plant over the rain.
Some farmers have prepared for the farm in the tears that they could not begin to plant until a week ago, as others just as others just as well as other land started in the rainfall year.
A farmer in Otuno, Ada, Adaacacin, said the ground was also strong to cultivate the rain-quentquentquetquent.
Another farmer, Felix Tour, in Making Deurdi said he was a huge plant and maize on the farm just as well as well as the raing of consistent.
To be particularly feared that the nature of the crop can affect the crop-being of the crop.
He praying the yield to the end.
But Vitali Tarn, we have been clear clear of 1,000 hectares of 1,000lands in the federal Unthertherver of Agriculture (FUUUU), said the rain will be able to take it into the end of maize year to the end of
Tarngugugu said one breeder in the University has advised to wait until May 20 to start a plant maize to plant maize because the nature of the season had suggested that it was not possible for two weeks to fall in
The chairman of the All Farmers Association of Nigeria (AFAN), Aondgugukua, described farming as a business is worthy of risk.
Saakuwa said farmers who were seen as business had taken the risk of its crop than that causedout caused the end of the day of the day of the day.
Meanwhile, Dr Teryima, Ioreen, a seed specialist in FUAm, said farmers would be ready to plant and reduced to plant and reduced crops as they watchionionion of rainfall this year.
Iorororen said the period of the period that the farmers would have been able to wait more than the prediction of the CBN prediction that the prediction of the Benue Benue Benue Benue Benue Benue), which they are revealed in April 30, 2021, 2021, and April 30.
We can assure farmers that now rainst stabilise, according to suspension to NIMET.
Any nothing in now will be dry centre.
I also advise farmers to check watering in the field in the field so that they can plant crops as well as they should plant.
Rice very much water, is not yet to plant.
But farmers may be able to build up and tugs, cassava, cassava maize, maize and mel.
We believe that the rain has said the rain.
Senate is a moururururn late Army, Ahmed Gulak
The Senate, Senate on Tueday, held a minute silence the honour of a former presidential aide, Ahmed Gulak, was killed in a rising on sun in Owerri, Imo State capital day in Owerri, Imo state capital.
This is a motion in Deputy Senate President and chairman of the Senate on the Senate Constitution review Committee, Ovie Omo-Agege, in the floor of the R Chamber of the R Chamber.
Omo-Agege is a draw attention of his colleaguess to the kill Gulak, who had been killed by the lawmakers assisting to assist his committee on the Nigerian people who had done in the constitution.
Gulak was able to study the committee and entered the public at the review of the review of the 199th constitution.
Though the programme has been ended on Thursday, Gulak lived on Sunday.
He was killed as a airport in Owerri on his way to Abuja.
Omo-Agege described as Nigerian who was tried to be tried to be his best to the service of the country.
Also, on Tuesday, the Senate urged the federal government to its its late Chief of Army Staff, Lt. Ibrahim Ibrahim Ibrahim.
The red chamber is also observed a minute silence to a huge Gen. Attah, who died in a flight in Kaduna International Airport to Kaduna International Airport.
This is a point pointed by ordering by the Chairman, Senate Committee on Army matter, Senator Ali Ndume.
NIN/profful code: NAN have raised voicely concerning thisenfranchise of students by JAMB.
The Kaduna State Chapter of the National Association of Nigerian Students (NANS) in Tuesday said a thousands of candidates would not take part of the Jointrs and Matriculation Board (JAMBBB).
There is top top hitstststes in the NI/PProf-rofile.
NANS chairman in the sttete, Axi Bello, in a statement yesterday, in a statement in Kaduna is a statement yesterday in Kaduna is the paradise with the paradise.
Bello is a call for an extension of the electronic registration rather than the risk of the life of students to travel to the headquarters in JAMB, in their registration.
He noted that the news without release on Monday with the titles at the 2021 UTME: Option: Option of a genuine candidates who refused to register but also urged the management of the management of the proposed candidates .
He appealed to Nigeria's people to happen on the management of JAMB to stop a lot of students in Nigeria as well as their education and develop higher education and develop themselves.
He urged the quick body to extend the registration period and postpone to the study of justice and fairness.
