The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a statement issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
Read the full text of the report:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In these days, the region of southern Africa, particularly the region of Somalia, faces the most severe storms and tropical storms because of the presence of tropical storms in a region that has been destroyed by international efforts to remedy the situation and threatens the lives of millions of Muslims, especially women and children in the region.
As a result of the special assistance of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Iranian nation has called on the Iranian nation to help the people of Somalia in this month of blessings and blessings, and the Iranian nation has called on the Iranian nation to help the people of Somalia in this month of blessings and blessings to the people of Somalia.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "If the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
The following is the full text of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In his behavior, human beings are filled with prayers, prayers and prayers in front of Allah the Exalted, who is the creator of all good things. They are filled with prayers and prayers in front of Allah the Exalted, who is the creator of all good things.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) sacrificed human dignity and rescued human beings from the bitter and bitter atmosphere of human dignity.
Ayatollah Khamenei says that prayers day and night are a means and a means that helps human beings from falling into the trap of arrogance. It helps human beings from falling into the trap of arrogance.
When prayers, prayers and prayers are combined with social principles, the Islamic Ummah can be expressed in its religious teachings.
The Islamic Republic is a symbol of this unity.
The presence in the Holy Quran and in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is like the presence of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
Since the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
This is why we should look at the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) mosque.
The spirit of the mosque increases the foundation of a life with dignity and self-confidence.
Wherever there is a source of life, the mosque is the source of this.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) s.w.a.) s.w.a.) s.w.a.) s.w.a.) s.w.a.) s.w.a.)
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) says, "The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) should be careful.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household should be guided by the Imam of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Imam of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s
If the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.
We hope that this day and the arrival of our holy Imam (r.a.) will be sacrificed for his sake.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
11, Oktobra, 2011.
Leader Meets with Sa'ad Hariri - Khamenei.ir Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met on Tuesday morning with Sa'ad Hariri and his companions.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that there are many areas that can be used to strengthen the relations between the two countries in different areas. He stressed that there are many areas that can be used to strengthen the relations between the two countries in different areas.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that if the Islamic Republic cannot, it can destroy the capital of Beirut to Tarabulus in order to defeat the Islamic Republic of Syria. Ayatollah Khamenei reiterated: "If the Islamic Republic cannot, it can destroy the capital of Beirut from Tarabulus to defeat the Islamic Republic of Syria."
But the only way to achieve this goal is to fight against the enemies of the Islamic Republic - which is the only way to achieve this goal - is resistance.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Lebanon is the only country in the world that can win over the Islamic Republic and added: "The Islamic Republic is the only country in the world that can win over the Islamic Republic."
This is why it is necessary to understand how great it is.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution added: "As long as the Islamic Republic continues to collapse, the Palestinian nation will need resistance."
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the great relations between Sa'ad Hariri and Sayyid Hasan Nasrullah, the head of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, and added: "It is necessary to strengthen this relationship."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated that the Islamic Republic of Iran is committed to establishing unity and unity in the country. He reiterated: "The Islamic Republic of Iran is committed to establishing unity and unity in the country.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the recent meeting with Rafik Hariri, former prime minister of Lebanon. He further referred to his recent meeting with Rafik Hariri, former prime minister of Lebanon.
In this regard, Sa'ad Hariri, the Deputy Prime Minister of Lebanon, Sa'ad Hariri, the Deputy Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic, referred to the meeting with the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the bilateral relations between the two countries will be strengthened in all areas, including economic, political and cultural areas.
Sa'ad Hariri added that the government of the Lebanon is a unity government, adding that any discord between the people of the Lebanon is a unity government. He added that any discord between the Lebanonians is a threat to the Islamic Republic.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
After a long time and repatriation of the Iranian officials to Saudi Arabia, the Iranian officials were forced to return to Saudi Arabia after negotiations and agreements signed between the two countries, Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Ayatollah Khamenei was among the participants in the meeting with Saudi Arabia.
Each year during the hajj, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution delivers a message to the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy household of the holy
In your opinion, what is the philosophy in this message?
First of all, there should be a brief explanation on some issues.
First of all, the hajj, which is one of the most important religious prayers in the world, has certain goals that he wants to achieve.
According to the Holy Quran, the greatest goal of the hajj is to promote the Islamic Ummah and the Holy Prophet’s (s.w.a.) faith in the Islamic Ummah and the Holy Prophet’s (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.)
The Holy Quran explains each of these occasions and added: “And when the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) took a look at the path of the Prophet (s.w.a.) and said: “And when the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) took a look at the path of the Prophet (s.w.a.) took a look at the path of the Prophet (s.w.a.) and said: “And when the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) took a look at the path of the Prophet (s.w.a.) took a look at the path of the Prophet (s.w.a.) and said: “And when the Holy Prophet (s
“I am the Leader of the People, the Leader of the People.”
“And with my family,” he said, “And with my family,” he said.
The second goal is to create a human being. The second goal is to create a human being which is based on the principles of the hajj which are based on the principles of the hajj which are based on the principles of the hajj which are based on the principles of the hajj which are based on the principles of the hajj which are based on the principles of the hajj which are based on the principles of the hajj.
This is a manifestation of the unity of the people and the unity of the Islamic Ummah.
The prayers of the Imam (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (may God bestow His grace on him) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (may God bestow His grace on him) refer to the goals of hajj.
However, the essence of this message and the reason why the Islamic Republic has given this message a particular importance to the Islamic Republic and its leadership, the reason why the Islamic Republic has given this importance to the Islamic Republic and its leadership, the reason why the Islamic Republic has given this importance to the Islamic Republic and its leadership, the reason why the Islamic Republic has given this importance to the Islamic Republic and its leadership, the reason why the Islamic Republic has given this importance to the Islamic Republic and its leadership, the reason why the Islamic Republic has given this importance to the Islamic Republic and its leadership, the reason why the Islamic Republic has given this importance to the Islamic Republic and its leadership, the reason why the Islamic Republic has given this importance to the
The hajj means establishing the movement of the people.
The Holy Quran says: ‘Hajji is the Islamic Republic’. What does it mean?
When the sword is turned down, it means that the soldiers are on the scene and they are prepared to continue fighting.
This is to say, reviving the hajj and moving towards the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) spirit is one of the essential goals of the Islamic Republic.
This is why Imam Khomeini (r.a.) has referred to the issue of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps (r.a.) has referred to the issue of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps (r.a.) has referred to the issue of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps (r.a.).
However, the issue of the hajj does not have the importance that should be given to us. However, we do not know how important this message is and how important it is to spread. However, we do not know how great this message is and how important it is to spread to those who are close to us.
Various newspapers and newspapers carry out their efforts, but they do not carry out their efforts according to the importance and importance of this message.
It is necessary that all media, all cultural organizations, all intellectual organizations, all intellectual organizations, all intellectual organizations, all media outlets and all media outlets in the country should deploy their capacity to deliver this message to all parts of the world in order to achieve their goals.
It is necessary to make more efforts in this regard.
Absolutely, this is not the case. The Holy Prophet of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) delivers a message.
- Since when the message was sent to the people during the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) martyrdom, the message was sent to the people?
However, after the war – which led to a few years of hajj – the agreement was reached after a meeting which I had attended.
The two sides agreed that from that time to later, there was no meeting in Makka, but on the 13th of Arafat, the Imam of the Age will hold a great meeting for the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) prayers.
Absolutely, the agreement between the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic was a different agreement after all negotiations and conflicts.
We believe that the hajj is delivered to Muslim nations.
What has already taken place on this message?
First of all, there were many foreign officials from different countries.
First, the message is broadcast in the mosque, in Mina and in other places, and it can be interpreted in different ways as the message of the Islamic Revolution.
The message is spreading in different languages on our newspapers to influence the hearts of Muslim nations. One side, all the great powers and governments of the world and the Islamic Republic are trying to prevent this message from spreading.
A few days ago, a message was published in one of the UK newspapers, and all the Zionists around the world came to notice this message.
- When did this happen?
The Palestinians are trying to stop this message.
Similarly, the Saudi government did not help spread this message, but it has also been blocked. Some times it has been blocked.
In recent years, there have been a lot of these attacks. But they have been trying to make a lot of efforts to reach the end of this message.
In some cases, we are trying to write messages in foreign media, but they are not guaranteed.
Many newspapers do not agree or have not been granted permission.
I invite you even Muslims.
In fact, they are not allowed, but as I said, we also show resistance.
- What is the meaning of this message?
In this regard, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) represents all Muslims.
The building that is built in the building is in fact a representative of the entire Islamic Ummah. It is a representative of the entire Islamic Ummah and its desire to reach God.
The Holy Prophet should pay attention to his eyes.
He cares about his face and his eyes.
The things that are prohibited by the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household are teachings for the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
I would like to appreciate the messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution during the past few years. I would like to give you a copy of the messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
If you look at the speech of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, you will see that the first point that is referred to in this speech is the role of Hajj in the Islamic Ummah.
This is what the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said during Hajj.
As a example, the hajj will be a significant role model for the Islamic Ummah.
The second point in regard to the role of hajj is to assert that hajj is the symbol of Islam.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that hajj is the manifestation of the movement of the people and that hajj is the manifestation of the Islamic political role of Islam.
If we look at the essence of hajj, one of them is the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) blessing.
This is to say, all nations should follow the laws of God and follow the laws of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and follow these laws.
The first point that is mentioned in this message is that the hajj is the first point in the history of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is the role of hajj in improving the morality of the people and their dignity.
This is true of all messages.
Of course, from the beginning of the message until the end of the message, there will be a mention of the importance of sincerity and appreciation for the opportunities that have been provided in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) hajj camps.
The second point in this message is the recognition of the greatness of Islam and its message.
It is necessary to explain the ways of Islam to address humanity’s problems.
The second point is to raise awareness of the issue of Islamic unity, especially in the speech delivered by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In this message, it is aimed at promoting Islam and spreading it.
Similarly, it is referred to the unity of the unity of the unity of the unity of the unity of the unity of the unity of the unity of the unity of the unity of the unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the Unity of the
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Ka’bah is a symbol and a sign of unity.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) addresses the greatness of the Islamic Ummah, including divine power, spiritual power and cultural power. They describe the greatness of the Islamic Ummah.
That is to say, one of the issues that are referred to in these messages is that the enemies of the arrogant powers are making a mistake in the face of the threats of the arrogant powers of the world.
In all these messages, there is a mention of the evil acts of the arrogant powers against the Islamic Ummah and the reasons why they are trying to destroy the Islamic Ummah and the reasons why they are trying to destroy the Islamic Ummah.
These are the important issues that are being raised in the Islamic world. These are the important issues that are being raised in the world of Islam, including the issues of ethnic hate speech, corruption, corruption, murder, and false propaganda against the Islamic Ummah.
The threats which took place after the 11th of September, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution explained.
Despite the victory of the Revolution and the Islamic Revolution, the enemy managed to defeat the enemies of the arrogant powers to destroy the Islamic Ummah and spread falsehoods. This is because the enemies have started a campaign to destroy the Islamic Ummah and spread falsehoods.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) referred to the arrogant powers as the enemies of the arrogant powers, the enemies of human rights and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant powers and the enemies of the arrogant power
The final point is "establishing the Islamic Republic as a pioneer in the fight against the arrogant powers of the world" and "establishing the Islamic Republic as a pioneer in the fight against the arrogant powers" and "establishing the Islamic Republic as a pioneer in the fight against the arrogant powers".
- What is the effect of these things in other countries?
Does he have a position among the intellectuals and politicians of Muslim countries or African countries?
Throughout our trip and meetings – each year we have visited hundreds of countries and meetings with different Islamic leaders, particularly the leaders of different political organizations, especially the leaders of different political organizations and activists – all of them speak about this issue and express their appreciation for these messages.
Regardless of the difficulties that we have in the way of delivering this message, it has a great impact on the message.
Today the issue of diplomacy is one of the most important issues in the world.
Should this hajj be considered one of the pillars of the Islamic Republic and a pillar of the unity of the Islamic Republic?
Of course, one of the best ways to deliver the message of the Revolution is the message of Imam Khomeini and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to the people.
One of the ways to increase hajj celebrations and raise awareness of the hajj celebrations is by sending these messages, which in my opinion are very valuable. However, I believe that they are very valuable.
Fear is that many of the elderly people are coming from harsh places, they have many difficulties and they cannot understand the messages in the hajj.
The Holy Quran says: "The hajj will remain with the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the hajj will remain with him until the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) does not commit a crime. The hajj will remain with him until the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) does not commit a crime.
We hope the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household will make efforts to preserve the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message and to preserve the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message.
Leader’s Speech to Shia and Ahlus Sunnis - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of his speech delivered on October 12, 2011. The following is the full text of his speech delivered on October 12, 2011.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Allah the Exalted said: "In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful."
In the face of Allah's mercy, they are afraid of Allah, and they are afraid of none other than Allah. And Allah will be a Merciful." [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Ahzab, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Ahzab, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al-Hajj, Sura al
I would like to have a meeting with the honorable teachers who work in different areas of the country and with the youth who have made efforts in different areas of the country.
In the morning, the dear brothers and sisters of the Sunni and Shia province, all the dear brothers and sisters of the Sunni and Shia province, all participated in this meeting. This is a great opportunity for me.
I would like to mention some things that I would like to mention, but before I speak about these things, I would like to thank Ayatollah Burujerdi, the great scholar of the country who managed to spend his life in this province and he was martyred by the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
I have had the opportunity to meet him in his home in Kermanshah a few times. We met him in his home in Kermanshah a few times.
We also met with him in a meeting that was held in Islamabad, where Mr. Saduki was also a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, which was held in Islamabad, where Mr. Shahid Saduki was also a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The meeting was held under the flag of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps (Iraqi Guards Corps) and we were also present at the meeting.
This is one of the most important qualities of his life. He is a great personality. He is a great personality. He is a great personality.
In the end of a long life, Allah the Exalted advised him to die in a martyrdom. In the end of a long life, He advised him to die in martyrdom.
I have repeatedly said that the death of a business is a very valuable loss.
However, there is a time when life will end "All life is a sacrifice" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Imran, 3:85].
Our people are proud of this opportunity - they are proud of this opportunity - they are proud of this opportunity - and they are proud of this opportunity.
That is to say, Allah the Exalted has sold the souls of the believers (The Holy Quran, 9:1), and Allah the Exalted has sold the souls of the believers (The Holy Quran, 9:1), and Allah the Exalted has sold the souls of the believers (The Holy Quran, 9: 1).
In this province, our former Hajj aide, Agha Baha'uddeen Muhammadi Araki, was one of the martyrs.
Mr. Agha Hajj Baha was one of the students of the Imam of the Age and one of our friends in Kum.
Allah's greetings be upon these two martyrs.
Also, I would like to congratulate the honorable and honorable Imam of the Age, the late Hajj Agha Mujtaba Hajj Akhund, who was also a former friend of us at the Hujjatiya University of Kum. He was a sincere, sincere, sincere and sincere Imam of the Age.
Allah's greetings be upon him.
After the victory of the Revolution, after the victory of the Islamic Revolution, I went to Kermanshah and saw his paintings.
After the death of Imam Khomeini, he provided me with one of his efforts.
I ask him to write a Quran that says: "Whoever chooses to be a leader for the people, he should first read his own Quran before a third person." I ask him to write a Quran that says: "Whoever chooses to be a leader for the people, he should first read his own Quran before a third person." I ask him to write a Quran that says: "Whoever chooses to be a leader for the people, he should first read his Quran before a third person."
He wrote this in a good way, and I took him to my knees. He wrote this in a good way and I took him to my knees.
This is the issue that is associated with our work.
Of course, you youth, if we want to be like a sword that makes waves in the air, if you want to be like a sword that makes waves in the air, if you want to be like a sword that makes people forget their interests, the answer is: "start reading".
The Holy Quran, which says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran, says: "The Holy Quran,
In fact, teachers have certain qualities, but they were chosen for fear.
The essence of knowledge is that a person receives this great blessing, which is to put the fear of God in his heart.
Because this is necessary. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this.
This is the life that will be secured. Some will be rescued. Others will not be rescued.
It is necessary to know that the gap between a decade and a decade between a decade and a decade between a decade and a decade between a decade and a decade. That is to say, the gap between a decade and a decade between a decade and a decade.
When a person is over ten years old, he thinks that there is a time before a decade.
I would like to say that it will be a very short time. If a person can do something, a few things can be done. If a person can do something, a few things can be done in a short time. If a person can do something, a few things can be done in a short time. If a person can do something, a few things can be done in a short time.
I would like to call my dear students to faith in God, fear of God, fear of God and effort to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God, which is the basis of their work is to reach God.
If a knowledge is acquired without fear, it can be harmful and sometimes harmful.
We have a scholar - both religious and non-religious - who does not benefit from the knowledge, but it is also a disaster for him.
That is to say, the spirituality of human beings is a necessity for teachers and teachers.
Kermanshah is a very important city.
According to Mr Ulama, Kermanshah was home to a number of great scholars, including the families of Al Agha, the families of Jalili, the families of Jalili and other scholars.
The same is true of Kermanshah. As the people of Kermanshah are pious and pious, they are also pious and pious. The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) people are pious and pious, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) people, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) people, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) people, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) people, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) people, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) people, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) people, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
Mr. Muhammad Ali (may Allah the Exalted be upon him) - the elder of the late Wahid Bahbahani - came to Kermanshah and lived in Kermanshah.
Although he did not have a meaning, he remained in the household of Al Agha, and he remained in the household of Al Agha.
He and some of his brothers were among the teachers.
This is one example.
Another example is the late Agha Sayyid Hussein Ha'iri, who during his life came to Mashahad.
I still have a few things to say about him.
He was the son of the late Agha Sayyid Muhammad Isfahani, the elder of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi, who was born in Kermanshah.
He was dancing in Isfahan.
He was the guardian of divine understanding and calculation.
He was also one of the teachers who learned from the late Akhund Mulla Fat'ali Sultan Abadi, who was a native of Samarra.
Another professor was the late Sardar Kabuli, a pioneer in different areas.
This book that was written about him was a very good book. I have seen many books that have been written about him for many years.
He spent about seven years in Kermanshah. Many students benefited from him.
I read in this book that Hajj Agha Hussein Kummi (God's greetings be upon him) when he traveled to harsh places or when he returned to Kermanshah for a meeting with the Imam of the Age (God's greetings be upon him) came to Kermanshah for a meeting with the Imam of the Age (God's greetings be upon him).
The author of the book says that I am a scholar and a professor who was a scholar and a professor who was a scholar and a professor who was a scholar and a professor who was a scholar and a professor who was a scholar and a professor who was a scholar and a scholar.
This is a lesson. It is a lesson to learn when a person is a martyr (like Mr. Hajj Agha Hussein) and when a person is a martyr (like Mr. Hajj Agha Hussein) is a martyr (like Mr. Hajj Agha Hussein) is a martyr (like Mr. Hajj Agha Hussein) is a martyr.
This is not just a shame or insult to a professor but also a blessing.
We should learn these lessons. We should learn these lessons. We should learn these lessons.
This person is Kabul, he was born in India, he was born in Najaf and he was taken to Kermanshah and he was taken to Kermanshah and he was taken to Kermanshah and he was taken to Kermanshah and he was taken to Kermanshah.
The late Sardar Kabuli was eight years old in Kermanshah.
The late Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani was one of the teachers who traveled to this city.
The people are proud of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.). They are proud of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
When they identify a person and identify his personality, they will be thankful to him so that they will not forget that he was not in his home.
The late Ashrafi was an Isfahanian, but he felt like a Kermanshah. He was a Kermanshah.
That is to say, these things are a breakthrough.
I want to raise some questions.
Congratulations to the dear teachers, the dear youth and the dear youth!
First of all, the opportunity to express Islamic messages in the world is the opportunity to express Islamic messages in the world - whether in Muslim countries or in non-Muslim countries - is the opportunity to express Islamic messages throughout the world.
That is to say, the responsibility will be increasing.
Today you are in this situation.
You should not be afraid of fear. "They are afraid of God, and they are afraid of none other than Allah".
You should not be afraid of everything. You should not be afraid of the obstacles that are on the way.
You should not say there are a lot of difficulties, because there are a lot of difficulties. But you should not be afraid of these difficulties.
You should do what you thought they would not do.
What has happened in Iran?
In Iran, there is a thing that if all observers of the world can spend a few days a day and night, no result will be made if all observers of the world can spend a few days and no result will be made if they do not know that this is not possible.
Each reviewer says this is not possible. But he realizes it is possible.
I would like to tell you that some of our activists say they will not be able to do so.
Ayatollah Khamenei told me that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had said: ‘It is necessary to remove Shah’ and that Shah will not return.
He did not think that Shah could be defeated.
Then he told me this.
The Imam (r.a.) said that Shah would be defeated, but he was defeated.
The Shah was not only defeated, but the Americans also went, and the arrogant powers went, and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went and the arrogant powers went away.
There was no one who knew this, but it happened.
There is no doubt that the greatest revolution in the world of Islam will happen in Egypt: the Egyptian agreement with Camp Dabid, the Egyptian agreement with Hosni Mubarak.
It is possible to see this happening in another country, but nobody thinks of Egypt. But the Revolution happened in Egypt.
This is one of the things that we should keep in mind.
We should find a way to achieve goals that are unlikely to be successful, to ensure they are successful.
You should pay attention to the responsibility of making goods, and you should not be afraid of anything except Allah".
That is to say, "And Allah will come and be a Merciful". They should not forget Allah, He is a Merciful.
And Allah has come to be a Merciful.
This is our path.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) says: "The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) is the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said: "And this is what I have created for every prophet: the enemies of the people, the enemies of the people, the enemies of the people, the enemies of the people, the enemies of the people, the enemies of the people, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies, the enemies of the enemies
Dear God, make them do what they want, and make them do what they want." [The Holy Quran, Sura al-An'am, 6:112]
Therefore, if we are prepared to send the message of God, we will be prepared to fight the enemies of the enemies of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) and people.
They will attack us, so we should be prepared.
In the spiritual aspect, we should create a strong foundation for ourselves - which is a foundation of faith and sincerity - to prevent a victory against us and to defeat us.
Both victory and humiliation are the result of victory and humiliation of a person (which is the result of victory and humiliation).
The weakness of a person is what makes him weaker.
If you fail to win in your heart, nobody will win against you.
The foundation that you should create for your heart is the foundation of faith in Allah and faith in Allah. "And those who depend on Allah, they should depend on Allah" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-
These are the lessons for us. (The Holy Quran, Sura al-Zumar, 39:36) All these lessons are for us.
We should read the Holy Quran with all our thoughts. We should pay attention to it as a lesson and make it the basis of our life.
This evil man who is coming to you through internet, human beings, and other modern means of communication, has certain realities.
Currently, there are millions of barrels of petroleum. I have a story about this.
This is one of the reports that cannot be published. In some Muslim countries, money is spent to organize a religious meeting against Shia.
In another case, they have paid a Shia clergyman money to appear in a Shia television with the name of Shia, accuse Ummul Muminina Aisha, threaten her and humiliate her.
This is what they are doing.
That is to say, creating discord is a great blessing for them.
I want to tell you that your city is a place where Shia and Sunni people live together.
The scholars of Shia and Sunni should organize a meeting between them, learn from each other and speak to each other.
We have a lot of projects that we are committed to.
You can manage your interests, but you should maintain your national interests.
If they want to conduct a study, they will do so.
I believe that if they want to discuss the lessons of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) faith, they want to discuss the lessons of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) people's (s.w.a.) people's (s.w.a.) people's (s.w.a.) people's (s.w.a.) people's (s.w.a.) people's (s.w.a.) fathers (s.w.a.) fathers (s.w.a.) fathers (s.w.a.) father (s.w.a.) father (s.w.a.) father (s.w.a.) father (s.w.a.) father (s.w.a
However, among these things, there are certain things that are associated with each other. There are certain things that are associated with each other.
Similarly, Shia Imam (r.a.) has a strong voice in his people, and Sunni Imam (r.a.) has a strong voice in his people.
Today there are some people whose weapons are the weapons of kafir (Muslims). They are not aware of their weapons. They are not aware of their weapons.
It is necessary to deny this threat from the Islamic Ummah.
It is because this mistake that we have made during the past few years is a result of all these things.
Another responsibility is the education.
I heard that Kermanshah students who are studying in Kum - probably their brothers - are being encouraged to travel to Kum, where they are not their friends - are encouraged to travel to Kum, and if they are not able to return to Kum, they are encouraged to travel to cities and villages. They travel to cities and to build mosques.
The issue of knowledge is very important.
Of course, the issue of teaching is very important.
There was a professor who went to the school where I was teaching. After a while he was absent, I did not see him at the school.
Then I asked him where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you? He asked me where are you?
This is the understanding of who is speaking.
Today, look at the youth who have graduated with us.
In the village of Kermanshah, students are very diverse.
In the past, there was no such thing.
Before the victory of the Revolution, in the Kermanshah region, about three million students had not been graduated.
However, they have turned this into a few hundreds of thousands, probably thousands of thousands.
These young people are faced with different types of propaganda and different types of arguments. They are faced with different questions.
You should understand their questions and prepare their responses, then you should prepare their responses. You should prepare their responses.
You should choose the people you speak with, identify their thoughts, identify their thoughts and get the answers they need from the Holy Quran, the Sunni and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
Ayatollah Mamduhi said that the books of the late Ayatollah Motahhari, the Mizan, should be prepared to be prepared for the needs of the youth.
You are in Kum.
It is necessary to do these things. You should do these things.
You should think about education as much as you think about education.
You should strengthen your hearts and educate them.
This education, like I said, "If a person chooses to be a leader for the people, he should first learn his own lesson before taking his own lesson." It is very difficult.
It is necessary to do this difficult job.
Today, teachers are responsible for social issues. They are responsible for social issues. But the important point is that teachers should be prepared to engage in social issues. They should be prepared to engage in social issues.
The goals of the teachers are that they should show their sincerity, sincerity, and sincerity to the people who speak against us. You should ensure that they are prepared to enter the arena of this work.
The Holy Quran is everything.
When all his abilities are closed, if he cannot keep his relationship with the Holy Quran, he will be defeated.
It is a very important issue.
You should encourage the people to pay attention to the prayers, and you should improve their ways to attend the parliamentary elections.
The annual gathering on Eid al-Adha which is held every year in Kermanshah, I do not know if it has been held in Kermanshah or not.
They should not attack Shia and Sunni brothers.
You should be with your souls, and you should be thankful to your souls.
There are some things that can be done together.
If this happens, Allah's favor will continue.
I would like to tell you that when the Islamic Revolution won the victory in Iran, Islam acquired a new spirit and power in the world.
This is a great insight that could cause such a great event?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the victory of Imam Khomeini destroyed the Islamic Republic and destroyed the Islamic system.
They went to the Holy Quran and learned a lot about Islam. They took a look at the Holy Quran and took a look at the Holy Quran.
In that time, they started to attack Islam, and this continued. The second step was when the Islamic system collapsed. The second step was when the Islamic system collapsed.
Also, in Muslim countries, there are a lot of young people who have put all their hopes and hopes towards the Islamic system. They think that if the Islamic system becomes corrupt, they think that if the Islamic system becomes corrupt, they think that if the Islamic system becomes corrupt, they think that if the Islamic system becomes corrupt, they think that if the Islamic system becomes corrupt, they think that if the Islamic system becomes corrupt, they think that if the Islamic system becomes corrupt, they think that if the Islamic system becomes corrupt, the Islamic system will become corrupt.
Some of them are truthful. I see some of them, whether Muslims or non-Muslims, who are not faithful to Islam. I see some of them, whether Muslims or non-Muslims, who are not faithful to Islam.
They were arrogants because they thought that there was hope in the hearts of people.
But when the sword fell, they saw that it was not the case. They saw that it was not the case.
They took the path of Islam.
The youth movement that you see in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other places are based on Islamic slogans. All of these groups were based on Islamic slogans. All of these groups were based on slogans that were written in the 1960s and 1970s. All of these groups were based on slogans that were written on Islamic slogans.
The same is true of our country. I do not want to mention the name.
There are certain people who speak about Islam, but these arguments are in fact false claims.
After the collapse of the Islamic Revolution, all those groups who took part in the Islamic Revolution went towards Islam. They looked at Islam, the Holy Quran, the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic. They looked at the Islamic Republic.
When there is a system that is established under the Islamic principles, there is a system that has been established under the Islamic principles, it has managed to carry out all the progress and progress, but it has remained firm as a tree.
These people who are looking for everything they need, but they were not able to find everything they need. These people who are looking for everything they need are defeated and they are now seeing what they want in Islam.
You see what happens?
They want to deny this issue. They want to deny it.
In the U.S., in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, there were thousands of people shouting slogans that we are not interested in the currency. They were not afraid, they were not afraid of the currency. They were not afraid, they were not afraid of the currency.
This is what we have said since the beginning. We have always said that we are not opposed to the Islamic system. We have always said that we are not opposed to the Islamic system.
You should be prepared.
The Islamic scholars should be prepared.
The Islamic teachings are based on the Holy Quran, the Sunni and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings. They are based on the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings.
If you do this, you will see that your love for Islam will increase.
I have a lot of questions with you. I have a lot of questions with you. I have a lot of questions with you. But it is necessary to pay attention to time.
Dear God, put your religious scholars in a position that you believe in.
Dear God, give these dear youth and these dear youth - from Kermanshah and another Kermanshah district - the opportunity to be teachers.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and mercy on all of us.
You should make the heart of the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) happy with us.
Leader of the Iranian Radio and Television Association (IRIB) - Khamenei.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, appointed Dakta Abdul'ali Ali Asgari as the new head of the Iranian radio and television agency (IRIB), after accepting the appointment of the former president Muhammad Sarafraz.
The following is the full text of the order issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Mr. Abdul'ali Ali Asghari (may God bestow success on him).
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Mr Muhammad Sarafraz and I would like to congratulate you for the great efforts of the Islamic Revolution and his determination to promote the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and I would like to appoint you as the head of the Ministry of Radio and Television.
I would like to tell you what I would like to tell you about the appointment of Mr Sarafraz when I was elected.
I would like to reiterate my appreciation for the importance of protecting the political policies of the country, protecting and educating the youth of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, educating and educating the youth of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, educating and educating the youth of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, educating and educating the youth of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and encouraging Allah the Exalted.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow His assistance on you.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The 22nd of Urdehesht, 1395
(11 May 2016)
Leader’s Speech at the 24th Anniversary of Imam Khomeini (r.a.)
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution at the occasion of the 24th birthday anniversary of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
We would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving us more years to honor our great Imam (r.a.) in such a day and express our gratitude for him.
The 14th of Khordad is always alive in the heart of the Iranian nation, but the 14th of Khordad is a symbol of appreciation for the Imam of the Age.
Today, this day coincides with the birthday anniversary of Imam Musa bn Ja'far (may Allah's favor be upon him).
This year coincides with ten years since the anniversary of the tragic 15th of Khordad in 1963 (the year 1963, the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution).
The 15th of Khordad is a crucial day for the future.
I will discuss this before I go to the main point and I will discuss it in detail before I go to the main point and I will discuss it in detail.
The 15th of Khordad was not the anniversary of the great movement of teachers and people.
After the 15th of Khordad, there were certain important events in the year 1341 and the early years of the year 1342.
As a example, the incident in the Faiziyya school was reported on February 2, 1342, which led to the death of the Imam of the Age Ayatollah Golpaygani.
Before the beginning of the year 1341, the demonstrations took place in Tehran and the martyrdom of Ayatollah Khamenei, the late Imam of the Age, the late Ayatollah Khamenei, the late Imam of the Age, the late Ayatollah Khamenei, the late Imam of the Age, the late Ayatollah Khamenei, the late Imam of the Age, the late Ayatollah Khamenei, the late Imam of the Age.
These are all indicative of the fact that the movement of teachers in the year 1341 and the early years of 1342 has reached a very high level because the police and the security forces of the Islamic Republic used their power to defeat teachers and students.
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important day.
The reason for this is that what happened on Khordad 15, 1342, was a manifestation of the relationship between people and teachers in a very difficult time.
In Ashura that year - which was the 13th of Khordad - the Imam (r.a.) delivered a very important speech at the Faizi University.
Imam Khomeini was arrested on the 15th of Khordad. Imam Khomeini was arrested in Tehran and in Kum and other cities. Imam Khomeini was arrested. Imam Khomeini was arrested. Imam Khomeini was arrested. Imam Khomeini was arrested. Imam Khomeini was arrested.
The main point is that this relationship is the foundation of the movement and the foundation of the movement towards victory.
When there is a movement that is supportive of the people and going with them, this movement will continue.
But if people fail to participate in a manifestation of opposition, they will not win.
The same happened in Iran during the Constitutional Movement. Progressives and nationalists took action but they lost their movement. They lost their movement. They lost their movement because the people were not with them.
When people enter the arena and support a movement and all their thoughts and determination are supported by the people, the movement will continue and become successful.
This was what happened on Khordad 15th of Khordad.
Because of the people who came to Tehran and other cities from hearing the story of Imam Khomeini's assassination, the government was forced to carry out its efforts and attacks on the people and killed a large number of people.
Tehran's streets were filled with the hearts of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) youth.
In the 15th of Khordad, the arrogance and arrogance of the clergy was revealed clearly.
Another point in this tragic 15th of Khordad - which is very important for our youth and our dear youth - is that during the killings of people in Tehran and other cities, no international organization, calling for human rights organizations, said anything. No organization, calling for human rights organizations, said anything.
The people and teachers were not only involved in the arena.
The nationalists - who are opposed to the resistance against the government - also thanked this movement. They said that this movement is a failed movement. They said that this movement is a failed movement.
When the seekers of freedom and happiness fail to reach their feet in the battlefield, they will be accused of their arrogance, arrogance and arrogance.
The Imam (r.a.) has said that this movement is a progressive movement. They say that the movement is a progressive movement. They say that the movement is a progressive movement. They say that the movement is a progressive movement. They say that the Imam (r.a.) continued his movement and proved to the world and to the world the position of Imam (r.a.) has proved to the world and to the world the position of Imam (r.a.) has proved to the world and to the world the position of Imam (r.a.) and to the world and to the world the position of Imam (r.a.) has proved to the world and to the world the position of Imam (r.a.) and to the world and to the world the position of Imam (r.a.)
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had two faiths that he believed in: faith in God, faith in the people and faith in self-sacrifice. These faiths were based on faith in Allah, faith in the people and faith in self-sacrifice.
Imam Khomeini speaks from his heart and the people responded to his call and the people responded to his call with all their faults.
They entered the arena with dignity.
They led this movement, which has no supporters in the world, to victory.
I would like to explain the three faiths of Imam Khomeini.
This is one of the important things that we should know. If we understand them, they will strengthen our path.
On the basis of faith in Allah, Imam Khomeini was the symbol of the Holy Quran, which says: "Whoever said to them: ‘You have come to the streets for you, and you will feel the pain of them.
It ignited their faith, and they said: "God will help us and bless us with this Holy Prophet" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Imran, 3:173] [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al-Imran, Sura al
He spoke and acted as a servant and believed: "If you help Allah, he will help you" (the Holy Quran, 47:7), this is the divine promise that will be fulfilled.
Regarding the faith of the people, the Imam (r.a.) understood the Iranian nation with all the meanings of this word.
The Imam (r.a.) believes that this nation is a faithful, sincere and courageous nation. If it has appropriate leadership, it will show its presence in all arenas as bright as the sun.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was aware of this. If a few people like Shah Sultan Hussein (r.a.) took over the Iranian nation, then a few people like Nadeer Kali - without the capabilities of the Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - took over the Iranian nation and took over the Iranian nation from Delhi to the Black Sea.
He understands the Iranian nation and believes in them.
He described the religious faith of the Iranian nation as a source of insight and insight.
Imam Khomeini was a very prominent figure, and the enemy was a very prominent figure.
This is the reason why you see that Imam Khomeini has not shown patience in the fight against the arrogant powers because the arrogant powers are opposed to the people and Imam Khomeini is a supporter of the people and Imam Khomeini is a supporter of the people and Imam Khomeini is a supporter of the people and Imam Khomeini is a supporter of the people.
Regarding the issue of trust and faith, Imam Khomeini told the Iranian nation that we can.
He showed the world its power. On Ashura 1342, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) told the world that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that if you continue what you do, I will tell the people that
The elder of Kum is a graduate of Kum, who does not have any educational qualifications or financial support.
The faith in Allah and faith in you is the guarantee of a person in this arena.
When Imam Khomeini returned from Iraq, Imam Khomeini threatened the Bakhtiyar regime and said: "I will shut down the Bakhtiyar regime, I will announce the government."
The Imam (r.a.) was proud of his power.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) shared his faith with the people, and Imam Khomeini (r.a.) shared his faith with the people.
Some believe this. One of the factors that the enemies have used to establish their power on other nations is to make people feel that they cannot do anything. One of the factors that the enemies have used to establish their power on other nations is to make people feel that they cannot do anything.
Therefore, they took the Iranian nation back for a few decades in political, intellectual, economic, and other areas of life.
He told the Iranian nation that ‘you can’.
He restore us to dignity, restore us to dignity, restore us to self-sacrifice, restore us to self-sacrifice, and restore us to self-sacrifice.
The Iranian nation has made a lot of progress over the past 30 years. We have made a lot of progress over the past 30 years.
The faith and faith of the Imam (r.a.) and the faith of the people, faith in God, faith in people and faith in self-sacrifice are the foundation of all his efforts and actions.
In the beginning of this movement, these three faiths gave Imam Khomeini power.
When he was allowed to go to Paris, he was allowed to go to Paris. When he was allowed to go to Paris, he was allowed to go to Paris.
The three factors that led to Imam Khomeini's re-appearance in Tehran were the factors that led to the Imam Khomeini's re-appearance in Tehran.
The events that happened in Bahman 1357, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the establishment of the Islamic Republic, when the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) government, when the
This is the foundation of Imam Khomeini's position and all his activities.
Since the end of his life, nobody has seen any manifestation of arrogance or arrogance in the words and actions of the great Imam (r.a.).
Some of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, when they start their journey, are often faced with doubts about what they are doing.
In some cases, they have returned to the spotlight with the words that they had repeatedly said before.
But Imam Khomeini said that his remarks in the beginning of his life were more than his remarks in the year 1342.
He was born, but his heart was young, his soul is alive.
This is the strength of the spirit of the Holy Quran, which says: "And those who are high on the path, we have shed a lot of water." [The Holy Quran, 72:16].
The same is true of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) who said, "God is our God, and those who said, "God is our God, and those who said, "God is our God, and those who said, "Be careful, be careful, be careful, and be blessed with the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran,
The Iranian nation has changed its power, and Allah the Exalted has changed their behavior: "The Lord of the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy
The Iranian nation has changed its path, Allah the Exalted helped them and helped them.
What is the result?
There are many things that we should know about the resistance which the Pahlavi regime - the earlier regime of the Islamic Revolution - had made with England later and with America.
This arrogance has become a very valuable insult.
After the victory of the Revolution, one of the top diplomatic officials of America said: "After the victory of the Revolution, one of the top diplomatic officials of America said: "We are telling him (Shah) what he needs and what he needs."
They told him that you should establish a relationship with one another and that you should establish a relationship with one another.
When you buy a barrel of oil, you sell a barrel. You sell a barrel to anyone, and you sell to anyone.
In a country that is dependent on other people, it was transformed into a democratic and divine country.
Some arrogance, arrogance, wealthy, and political ambitions have been imposed on the country, but they were replaced with representatives of the people.
They were changed by government officials and the people elected them.
Throughout the past 30 years, the officials of the country and the political and economic affairs of the country have been representatives of the people.
This is very important. They did not shut down their positions (for stealing the wealth of the people) when they took office - although some are more than others - this is very important.
The evil politicians who stand up against the enemies and express their shame on the people have turned them into representatives of the people. This country, which has made progress in the arena of knowledge, has turned into a nation of progress in the arena of knowledge, has turned into a nation of progress in the arena of knowledge.
After the victory of the Revolution, we had no progress in the field of knowledge in the country.
What is this?
The world statistics say that in the near future - until 2017 - Iran will be ranked at the top of the world's highest level of knowledge in the world.
What is this?
We are a country where if we want to build a road, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam and a dam.
But today the youth of this nation are building hundreds of companies, hundreds of roads, hundreds of roads, hundreds of roads and hundreds of roads in the country.
How should we shut our eyes on all these things?
In the field of health and medicine, for a minor illness or a medical emergency, our patients should go to European hospitals, if they have money, they will die.
However, today in our country there are the most important and important physical exercises, not just in Tehran, but in many other cities.
The Iranian nation does not need foreigners in this regard.
We have achieved a very important position in this regard.
In that time, many parts of the country were displaced from many parts of the country.
After the victory of the Revolution, I visited many cities and cities in the country.
But today we are deploying different kinds of assistance in all parts of the country, across the country and in different parts of the country.
Today, there is nobody who can say that buildings are not equipped with power or as a means of transportation, such as roads and other such things.
Before the victory of the Revolution, the population of the country was about three million, while students were about one million.
Today the number of people is doubled, but the number of university students is doubled.
The number of university students means the number of university students.
Each city has a university, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, and a few.
In that time, there was a state in which the number of secondary school schools were not enough.
But today in this state, each city has a few academies in each city.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation under the leadership of our youth and our youth. This is the great movement of the Iranian nation under the leadership of our youth and our officials.
This is very important.
After the Revolution, many important and important achievements have been made in the country. Companies have been established in the country.
The products that we used to buy from foreign countries, but today they are being sold in the country.
It is necessary to look at these things.
This is due to the three faiths and faiths that Imam Khomeini established in the hearts of the people of the country, faith in God, faith in people and faith in God.
We are not saying these remarks because we are saying these remarks to make us feel happy and happy.
Absolutely, there is a lot of work ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we compare ourselves to the time of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) victory, we will see this victory in the real sense of the word. But if we compare ourselves to the time of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) time, we will see a lot of differences between us.
I would like to say this because our dear nations know that they will achieve this path through faith in these three faiths.
They know that there is a long way to go. But you can, you have the power and the capacity to do so.
You can continue following this long path towards the peaks where you want to be reached.
I would like to say this because you know that the enemy is trying to raise awareness in our minds. They are doing this because they are doing this because of discord.
The map is ahead of us.
We have a map.
What is the map of our path?
The Imam's (r.a.) view of our path is clear. It is clear that the Imam's (r.a.) view of our path is clear. It is clear that the Imam's (r.a.) view of our path is clear. It is clear that the Imam's (r.a.) view of our path is clear.
I do not see any use of the name of Imam Khomeini, but we forget his teachings. This is a mistake.
The map is with Imam Khomeini, and he explained it to us.
In terms of domestic policy, Imam Khomeini's teachings are: unity in the fight against the oppressive regime of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the
Imam Khomeini's speech is with us.
Imam Khomeini's teachings and writings are among us. In the arena of culture, his teachings and writings are among us. In the arena of cultural affairs, his teachings are among us. In the arena of cultural affairs, his teachings and writings are among us. In the arena of cultural affairs, Imam Khomeini's teachings and writings are among us. In the arena of cultural affairs, Imam Khomeini's teachings and writings are among us.
In the economic arena, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) preferred the principles of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said: "The principles of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said: "The principles of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) rejected the principles of corruption and freedom of labor and labor.
The Imam (r.a.) ordered us to accept inflation in the world and that we should preserve our freedom in the country.
The Iranian nation can reduce these obstacles through faith and remembering the Imam of the Age (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can continue.
The Iranian nation will continue to follow the path that has been taken during the past 30 years with a revolution, and in the hope of Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will continue to follow the path that has been taken during the past 30 years with a revolution, and in the hope of Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will be a source of insight for other Muslim nations.
But on the issue of elections, the issue of elections is the issue of today.
You dear brothers and sisters! You dear Iranian nation!
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) faith is a sign of faith with Allah. It is a sign of faith with Allah, because it is a sign of faith with Allah.
Our responsibility is to be vigilant in the future of our country.
The Iranian people have this responsibility.
That is to say, the election is a manifestation of the faith of the people, because the people are voting for government officials through elections.
Today it is a sign of trust, because every person who enters the polls will feel that he has played a role in determining the future of the country. He has played a role in determining the future of the country.
This is a very important point.
That is to say, the election is a manifestation of faith in God, and it is a manifestation of faith in the people.
If you vote against one of the five candidates - those who are in the arena - you will vote for the Islamic Republic.
Each and every member of the panel is a vote for the Islamic Republic. It is a vote for the Islamic Republic. It is a vote for the Islamic Republic.
The people who are in the arena of the elections - whether they are the presidential candidates or the people who are in the arena of the elections - have faith in the Islamic Republic and how they conduct the elections.
Second, it is the issue of allowing a candidate to be chosen by you, your wife, your husband or my wife to be a better candidate for the country than other athletes.
Our enemy, those ignorant, are thinking how to make this election a threat to the Islamic system. However, this election is a great opportunity for the Islamic system.
Their responsibility is to organize elections with dignity, to ensure that people are opposed to the Islamic system, or to create a fitna during the elections, such as the case in the year 1388.
This is what the enemies of this nation want.
They do not know the people of Iran. They do not know the people of Iran. They do not know the people of Iran. They do not know the people of Iran. They do not know the people of Iran. They do not know the people of Iran. They do not know the people of Iran. They do not know the people of Iran. They do not know the people of Iran. They do not know the people of Iran.
In order to reduce the threat of this election, they created a group of journalists who will speak to these media outlets.
In some cases, they say that the elections are already prepared, in others, they say that there is no freedom in the elections, in others, they say there is no freedom in the elections, in others, they say there is no freedom in the elections.
Absolutely, they do not know our people, they do not know our elections, they do not know the Islamic Republic.
There is this in foreign investors?
If you are not a member of these two or three parties and if you are not a member of these two or three parties and if you are not a member of these two or three parties, you can win elections.
There are some people who do not support the Zionists, nor support the Zionists. They do not support the Zionists, nor support the Zionists.
They do not have a radio station with them, and they do not have a radio station with which they broadcast their work.
This means that they will spend a fraction of their efforts on a daily basis.
In our country, elections without being killed or disgraced, will take a few days to deliver their message to the people.
What is the situation in all parts of the world?
The power in the arena of elections is not the law.
According to law, certain candidates cannot be allowed to enter the arena of the elections.
The law defines the types of deportation, including where they can be deported.
This is done according to law.
They are sitting in a room and they closed their eyes on all these things. They shouted slogans. They shouted slogans. They shouted slogans. They shouted slogans. They shouted slogans. They shouted slogans. They shouted slogans. They shouted slogans.
But the Iranian nation will respond to these people through their presence, their presence and their resistance. And the response that they will make is a false response.
I would like to say a few points to the candidates. When the great candidates took part in the elections, the great candidates took part in certain government initiatives. This is their right.
They can make a mistake on what they think is wrong. But they should make a mistake on what they think is wrong. But they should make a mistake on what they think is wrong.
They should pay attention to this issue. I do not have any candidates. The media outlets because of their opposition and arrogance will say: "I'm a better choice than any other candidates."
I would like to ask those who want to attract the attention of the people to them, to act fairly.
They did not say that they did not say that they did not say anything about the achievements that have been made in this government or in previous governments. They did not say that they did not say anything about the achievements that have been made in this government or in previous governments.
Critics should not ignore the meaning of successful efforts that have been made in the past.
Today, anybody who has taken over the throne does not need to start working first, because there have been many great achievements.
Throughout the years, many projects have been carried out in different governments.
These things should not be ignored.
This is wrong. All these things should not be done just because we are faced with a financial and commodity crisis and we should not try to do these things. This is wrong.
However, if we have a solution to these problems, we should try to solve all these problems.
It is necessary to make certain declarations that cannot be rejected.
I would like to advise all candidates to say what they would like to say in the next year. I would like to advise all candidates to say what they would like to say in the future.
You should make certain obligations if they are presented to you, and you will not be forced to take responsibility for this and that.
You should do what you can.
In our country and under our constitution, the president has a great power.
The power of the president in our Constitution is a great power.
The President is the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state, the head of state and the head of state.
In different areas, the emblems of the president are displayed in different areas.
The only child that has a child is a law.
The law only grants him immunity, which is not against immunity.
The law is a committed law, not a committed law.
Today the people speak to people, tell them what they need and what they need.
If they have a plan and a plan, they should tell the people that they should do their best to fulfill their responsibilities.
Some have a wrong idea that we should pay attention to the enemy to reduce our threats.
This is a mistake. This is a mistake.
The enemy is based on your presence, the presence of the Islamic Republic, the presence of the Islamic Republic, the presence of the Imam (r.a.) in the hearts and souls of the people of Iran, the presence of the Imam (r.a.) and the presence of the people of Iran from all parts of the country.
This is the reason why they are angry.
If the Iranian nation is firm, if the Iranian nation manages to address its needs, if the Iranian nation manages to address its needs, if the Iranian nation manages to address its needs, if the enemy cannot stand up against the Iranian nation, the enemy will not be able to stand up against the Iranian nation.
The important factor is determination, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith in Allah, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people, faith in the power of the people.
You dear brothers and sisters, this is a long time for a great examination. I hope that in this great examination, the people will gather their efforts and the results will be successful.
“There is no power or power from Allah the Exalted.
The Message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to Europeans and North America - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Welcome to All Europeans and North America Citizens - Khamenei.ir
The recent events in France and other similar events in certain African countries have made me think it is appropriate to speak with you.
I am speaking to you, not just because I hate your parents, but because you are the pioneers of the future and the future of your country and the country. I see that you are the pioneers of the future and the future of your country and the country.
I am not talking to politicians and officials of your governments, but I believe that they have taken their policy out of the real path and that they have taken their policy out of the real path.
I would like to speak to you about Islam, particularly about what you are saying as Islam.
Throughout the past ten years - especially since the collapse of the Soviet Republic - many efforts have been made to promote this great religion as a very valuable threat.
The truth is that such a situation causes fear and prejudice in the political history of the Islamic world.
I do not want to speak about the different kinds of arrogance and arrogance that has remained in the minds of the nations of the West.
If you take a look at history, you will see that ancient scholars have rejected the propaganda of colonial governments towards nations and cultures.
The history of Europe and America has been destroyed by the evil effects of colonialism, colonialism, colonialism and persecution of Christians and Christians.
The scholars and scholars of your history are aware of the ethnic hate speech between Catholics and Protestants or ethnic hate speech among Muslims and ethnic groups in the two worlds.
Therefore, I would like to ask your teachers what is behind the scenes of these events. I would like to ask your teachers why the issue of colonialism is not based on history, but I would like to ask your teachers why the issue of colonialism is increasing.
What makes people ignore the events that have happened in the history of the past few decades?
What makes people deprived of important matters such as the ways of interaction with Islamic culture and Islamic thinking?
You know that arrogance and creating suspicion and creating fear for other people is a tool that is being used in order to create these evil and evil acts. You know that arrogance is a tool that is being used in order to create these evil and evil acts.
I would like to ask you, what is the reason why today the Islamic Republic and Muslims are moving forward?
What makes the world's political system today threatens Islamic thinking?
What are the things that are in the minds of the Islamic Ummah that will become a source of fuel for global policies and policies? What will they achieve in the face of the Islamic Ummah?
However, the first requirement is to ask and investigate the reasons behind these great efforts.
The second lesson is that when you respond to these false propaganda against Islam, you should try to understand the Islamic faith and understanding of the Islamic faith and understanding of the Islamic faith, you should try to understand the Islamic faith and understanding of the Islamic faith.
I would not say that you should not believe in the realities of Islam, but I would say that you should not believe in the realities of Islam, but I would say that you should not be afraid of the realities of Islam. I would say that you should not be afraid of the realities of the world today, but I would say that you should not be afraid of the realities of the world today.
You should not allow the terrorists who are under their control to present themselves as representatives of Islam.
You should understand Islam from its origin.
You know Islam through the Holy Quran and the life of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) (may Allah's favor be upon him and his household) (may Allah's favor be upon him and his household)
I would like to ask you, have you ever read the Holy Quran online?
What do you know about the teachings of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and his household?
What do you know about the message of Islam on another platform, not a news portal?
You have ever questioned why the Islamic Ummah has become the greatest cultural and scientific heritage of the world and has become the greatest intellectual and scientific heritage of the world and has educated the greatest intellectuals and intellectuals of the world?
I ask you to refrain from using political propaganda and wrath to derail you from truth, and eliminate your ability to make decisions in fairness for you.
Now that social media has shut down the awareness of indigenous nations, you should not allow us to plunge yourselves into corrupt indigenous nations.
In spite of the fact that there is no one who can completely fill the gaps that have been created, each and every one of you can create a sense of understanding and justice on the issue that has been created.
Although the issue between Islam and you young people is a very difficult issue, it can create new questions in your minds that are looking for truth.
Making efforts to find answers to these questions will give you a opportunity to discover new truths.
However, do not let this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam lose you, because it would be possible for the future nations to write their history of the Islamic relationship with the Islamic world in a quick way.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader's Speech to Dr.Ahmadinejad as Chairman of the Supreme Council of the Islamic Republic of Iran - Khamenei.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, in a statement delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, appointed former President Dakta Mahmud Ahmadinejad as the Chairman of the Islamic Assembly of Experts.
The following is the full text of the order issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Mr. Mahmud Ahmadinejad (may God bestow His assistance on him)
Based on the efforts and achievements you have made over the past ten years as the President of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the achievements you have made in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. All praise belongs to our Leader and our Prophet Abul Kasim al-Mustafa Muhammad, and to His Eminence and His Eminence.
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving me another opportunity to speak to you dear people, youth, youth, brothers and sisters of Mashhad, who visited the palace of Abul Hasan Ali bn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) who visited the palace of Abul Hasan Ali bn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) who visited the palace of Abul Hasan Ali bn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.).
I would like to congratulate Nurouz on the arrival of the new year. I hope that this year will be full of blessings, blessings, happiness, happiness and good work for all the Iranian nation.
There are some issues that I would like to discuss in this meeting with you dear brothers and sisters.
First, look at the events that happened to us, our nation, our country and the events that affected us in different arenas of the world and this region.
The reason why we are talking about the events that happened in 1390, particularly the achievements of the Iranian nation in this year was because of the plots of the enemies and the enemies of the Iranian nation.
The commanders of the Armed Forces and the enemies of our region - who have used all their power, money, political and political powers - have used all their power, their intelligence, their intelligence and their political power to deceive the Iranian nation.
Everyone who follows the propaganda campaigns of the enemies of the Iranian nation can see that these efforts, political efforts, military threats, military threats, military threats, and other such efforts have been made to derail the stability of the Iranian nation from the arena of progress and progress.
In fact, they want to spread this faith that we can do what the great Imam (r.a.) teaches us and the Revolution gave us the power to believe that we can do something.
They did all their efforts to achieve this goal. The year ahead was the year when they made efforts to achieve this goal. The year ahead was the year when they made efforts to achieve this goal.
I want everybody to know that the Iranian nation has continued its path and their determination and determination has given them the power to all the world, including the enemies, that they will be able to prove that they will be able to prove that they will be able to prove that they will be able to prove that they will be able to prove what they want.
The reason why we have focused our attention on the strength and achievements is to ensure that the Iranian nation is able to prove that it is able to prove that it is able to prove that the Iranian nation is able to do so and that the Iranian nation is able to do so.
We do not have any weakness, we do not have any weakness. But in the general sense of the word, our strength and our achievements are higher than the weakness.
The year 1390 was named "The Year of Economic Growth". This year I will start talking about the issue of economic growth.
The achievements of the officials of the country in the economy and the presence of the people over the past year were very appreciated.
This is one of the things that can be said in this regard.
The majority of the economists, whether in the previous governments or in the current government, believe that implementation of this policy is necessary in the country. Everyone believes that implementation of this policy is necessary in the country.
Although this is a government affair, it has remained unsuccessful, but it has remained unsuccessful because of the difficulties and challenges that are being faced. But the government and the parliament during the past year, in a situation in which the difficulties and challenges are more severe, they have continued to do so and they have continued to do so and they have continued to do so and they have continued to do so. But the government and the parliament have continued to do so and they have continued to do so and they have continued to do so and they have continued to do so.
The situation is not safe, but what the officials of the government - whether in the government or in the parliament - have done and the people have supported it. The work that the officials of the government - have done and the people have supported it have been very valuable and valuable.
Everyone knows them, but it is necessary to think about them. This is a great job. It is a very important job.
One of the goals of this initiative is to increase the amount of government assistance to the people in a fair way.
In another statement, I referred to this issue in a statement that in the past, the assistance was distributed between different sectors of the society in a way that without fairness was distributed between different sectors of the society. In this statement, I referred to this issue in a statement that it was distributed between different sectors of the society in a way that is not fair.
I have a lot of information from different parts of the country that shows that this has played a role in improving the lives of disabled people in the community.
This is one of the main goals of this initiative. This is the most important goal of this initiative.
The other goal is to improve the quality of production and the economy of the country.
According to the financial experts - all of them agreed on this strategy - it can be solved by implementing this strategy. It can be solved by implementing this strategy. It can be solved by implementing this strategy.
The other goal is to use the energy that is necessary.
We are a country that Allah has blessed us with oil, gas and potassium, so we are not making mistakes in using oil, gas and potassium without vigilance.
The way we use these blessings is far better than many other countries - and it could be more than any other countries.
According to the report, it shows that if we are not beginning to implement this initiative, we would have to say that if we are not beginning to implement this initiative, we would have to say that if we are not beginning to implement this initiative, we would have to say that if we are not beginning to implement this initiative, we would have to say that the use of oil in the country would have to be comparable to what we are doing today.
When there is no supply of healthy food in the country, what should we do?
This is to say, the Iranian nation should be prepared to enter the arena of war. It is necessary that the Iranian nation be prepared to enter the arena of war against the enemies and the enemies.
However, because of this work, we have achieved a successful harvest of the maize. Today the maize used in the country is very good and we do not need to import the maize.
This was done in 1390 when our enemies imposed sanctions on us in order to destroy our nation.
But the youth of our nation have made efforts and through these efforts, they have successfully managed to defeat the enemy.
The important work that has been done in the past year is the work that has been done in the field of knowledge and technology.
The economy is one of the pillars of the economy and makes it move forward.
When a nation develops knowledge and develops modern technology, it will be able to achieve political and political advantages. When a nation develops knowledge and develops technology, it will be able to achieve political advantages.
Because of the importance of knowledge and technology, I have always referred to this issue as a very important issue.
I receive different reports from different parts of the country and I would like to tell you that the progress that has been made in the country has been more than what has been announced before.
According to a report by the international scientific organizations - which is not our scientific organizations - today the highest level of knowledge in the world is the highest level of knowledge in Iran.
In 1390, which coincides with the 2011 millennium, a report by the scientific community of the world published in 2011 - which is comparable to the year 1388 - the Iranian nation achieved a higher level of knowledge than it did in 2010 and a higher level of knowledge was recorded. What is the meaning of this?
This happened when the enemies of the Iranian nation threatened to destroy the Iranian nation and said that we have imposed sanctions on the Iranian nation, but the Iranian nation managed to do this.
In their reports - which are also published in the world - there are also a number of scientific organizations in the world - that in this region Iran is the first in the arena of scientific progress and the first in the world.
This is a report by some people who are able to make a statement similar to what they have done. In 1390, we made progress in the field of biology, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics, we made progress in the field of nuclear physics in 1390.
This says that uranium is about one per cent of what the US and other countries had established before giving us it.
It is necessary to provide nuclear power (about a quarter of uranium) to our research center in Tehran, because the nuclear power is already safe.
They have established laws to give us the nuclear weapons, saying that we should export the nuclear weapons to foreign countries. But we did not agree.
Brazil and the Turkish officials met with our president and signed a agreement.
But after the agreement was signed, the Americans rejected it. They did not want to reach the agreement, they want to increase their power, and they want to increase their power.
Because of the failure of the Americans to fulfill their promises, Brazil and Turkey have fallen behind. This is the amount of uranium in the world.
In the year when they developed a nuclear weapon, they developed a hundred percent nuclear weapon for Tehran and announced it to the world.
Although they know that Tehran's hospital is based on medical services - that is to say, it is based on medical services - but they did not allow it. They did not allow it. They did not allow it. They did not allow it.
This is what our youth have created.
This is a difficult task, but it is a difficult task. It is a difficult task. It is a difficult task. It is a difficult task. It is a difficult task. It is a difficult task.
This was the case in 1390.
When it comes to the issue of the nuclear weapons in the country, they said that you give the Russian nation three and four per cent of the nuclear weapons, the Russian nation gave it to France, and it gave it to France. I told our youth that we can produce this weapon and show it to the world. I told our youth that we can produce this weapon. I told our youth that we can produce this weapon. I told our youth that we can produce this weapon. I told our youth that we can produce this weapon and show it to the world.
This was the case in 1390.
The increase in the number of drugs that have been given to human beings for six years, the increase in the number of drugs that have been given outside the country in 1390.
This is part of the achievements achieved in the year 'The Economic Revolution' (the year earlier).
These are scientific advances, scientific advances, technological advances, technological advances, but all of them have a significant impact on the economy of the country.
In the early 1390s - that is to say, I went to the National Institute of Agriculture.
I have seen many innovations in different areas of knowledge, which can be seen in different areas. I have seen many innovations in different areas, which can be seen in different areas.
First of all, the spirit and thought of jihad is in the minds of the organizers.
That is to say, they are doing jihad in a spiritual way. They are doing jihad in a spiritual way. They are doing jihad in a spiritual way.
There is a difference between the people who work for money, for fame, for fame, for fame and for their knowledge, and those who work for jihad for God.
This is a very important point.
Second, I see that our enemies have changed these sanctions that have been imposed on our nation to a means.
In a few days of my prayers, some people told me that we are thankful to Allah for imposing our sanctions.
This spirit feels that the sanctions that the enemies imposed on us as an opportunity are very valuable and important.
The second thing I saw at that time was the greatness of self-sacrifice.
Some sectors of the maize industry have only three countries. They do not allow anyone to get such a technology.
Throughout the past few decades, our country has struggled to learn this lesson in the arena where these difficult and complicated efforts have spent a lot of money.
But with my eyes, I see that our brothers are determined to say that we can.
This friendship between a nation and a group of youth is very valuable.
The same is true of faith in the youth.
This is because the work is in the hands of young people.
Youth is the source of insight and innovation.
The same is true of the relationship between industry and government officials. This is what I have always hoped for.
I always advise government officials from different branches of government to make efforts to strengthen cooperation between industry and academia.
I was surprised that at that time I saw that the relationship was established.
Of course this is true of all our universities and universities, and it will help us achieve higher education in all areas of our universities.
This was the case in 1390. This was the year when the enemies had created a lot of problems. They threatened us, threatened us, threatened us, threatened us with sanctions, threatened us with sanctions.
Currently, the U.S. military forces in all parts of the world are trying to enforce these sanctions in order to harm the Iranian nation and create a rift between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
However, there were other great achievements in the year 1390, including the diplomatic efforts that were made in the region in the year 1390.
The Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day, the Islamic Revolution's Day and the Islamic Revolution's Day.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has been the center of the eyes of the world of Islam. Today they are beginning.
In the economic arena, hundreds of homes were built and distributed to the public.
This is a great amount. There have been buildings in cities, buildings in cities, buildings in cities and buildings.
These are the things that have been created in these years of progressive justice.
Because of the evil threats of the enemies and the enemies, this nation has remained firm and achieved such achievements.
It is necessary to recognize that the elections are not finished yet. I hope that the people will be prepared to enter the second round of the elections.
This election is very important.
I would like to tell you, I would like to tell you, for the past six months they have been trying to destroy the hearts of the people to escape.
In some cases, they say that if the people fail to enter the elections, the amount of the enemy's interference with the Iranian nation will be reduced. They do different types of propaganda to prevent the Iranian nation from entering the elections.
A few days later, by killing our commanders - who have been doing three terrorist attacks for over six months - they wanted to destroy our people and destroy our hopes.
In recent years, the number of people registered at the elections of the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives (US Congress) has not been higher than 40 per cent.
When you compare the Iranian nation with the Iranian nation - when you compare the Iranian nation with the Iranian nation - the importance of this issue will be revealed.
Therefore, they want that the 12th of Esfand (the day when the elections were held in Iran) be a victory for the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation. But they want that the 12th of Esfand be a victory for the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
This election is a source of truth and power.
They have spread false information about the events in Iran, spreading false information about Iran and spreading false information, but there is no way to resist this election.
This is a fact that has happened on the eyes of people.
This election was like a power-rich newspaper that presented the realities of the Iranian nation and the Islamic system to other parts of the world.
This was what happened in 1390. This was the year when the enemies used all their power to destroy the Iranian nation.
This is one of the great achievements of the Iranian nation in the year 1390.
Since the issue of nuclear weapons, the enemy has gone away from it.
That is to say, they know that Iran does not want nuclear weapons.
This is the fact that we do not want to build nuclear weapons. We do not want to build nuclear weapons. We do not want to build nuclear weapons. We do not want to build nuclear weapons. We do not want to build nuclear weapons. We do not want to build nuclear weapons.
What is the origin?
The main point is the greatness of the Islamic system in protecting the wealth of the country.
Today and tomorrow - similar to today - economic, political and military powers, along with the power of scientific and military powers, are dependent on oil and gas.
In the next few decades, the world will need a gasoline. This is a very good thing.
The powers of the world know that their life is dependent on oil and gas.
When they fail to get the commodity in a reasonable price, they have to pay attention to certain things, and they have to pay attention to certain things. On the one hand, they have to pay attention to what they have done to fulfill their needs. On the other hand, they have to pay attention to what they have done to fulfill their needs. On the other hand, they have to pay attention to what they have done to fulfill their needs. On the other hand, they have to pay attention to what they have done to fulfill their needs. On the other hand, they have to pay attention to what they have done to fulfill their needs. On the other hand, they have to pay attention to what they have done to fulfill their needs.
The supply of crude oil in certain countries will be limited to three years, six years, and ten years will be safeguarded, so they should use the resources of other countries.
The United States, which has remained at least ten billion barrels of oil, according to our estimates - which depends on the calculations made by the Americans - will be safeguarded by the calculations made by the Americans - will be safeguarded by 2021, according to the calculations made by the Americans.
In that time, they would depend on the oil that is imported from the Gulf of the Gulf, where about half of the world's oil is imported from the Gulf.
In that time they would depend on the three oil fields of our region and the Persian Gulf, which is one of the three oil fields of our region and the Persian Gulf, which is one of the islands of Iran.
In the world - not just the Gulf of the World - the largest oil and gas producer in the world is the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Some countries are cheaper than ours, while others are more expensive than ours.
In terms of oil production, we are the first country in the world - Russia was the first, and we were the fourth. But if we combined oil and gas with petroleum, the Islamic Republic is the first country in the world. But if we combined oil and gas with petroleum, the Islamic Republic will be better than other countries.
This is a warning to the countries that use oil, fuel and gas. This is a warning to the countries that use oil, fuel and gas.
The Islamic Republic of Iran will remain alive for a few years, but the Islamic Republic will remain alive for a few years. The Islamic Republic of Iran will remain alive for a few years.
This is what the arrogant powers want?
They want this country to be governed by a government and a system that is like a bulldozer in the hands of Americans: they want it to be governed by a government that is like a bulldozer in the hands of Americans: they want it to be governed by a government that is like a bulldozer in the hands of Americans: they want it to be governed by the Americans: they want it to be governed by a government that is like a bulldozer in the hands of Americans: they want it to be governed by the Americans: they want it to be controlled by the Americans: they want it to be controlled by the Americans: they want it to be controlled by the Americans: they want it to be controlled by the Americans: they want it to be controlled
If in Iran, which is the largest producer of oil and gas, there is a government that is committed to protecting the oil and gas industry, if there is a government that is committed to protecting the oil and gas industry, if there is a government that is committed to protecting the oil and the gas industry, they will reject this system.
The people who think that if we move forward on the issue of nuclear weapons, America will end its bitter ties with us.
They are not a matter of nuclear.
There are certain countries that have nuclear weapons in our region, but they are not concerned about them.
The issue is not just about the nuclear weapons or their replacement, but it is not about human rights.
The problem is the Islamic Republic, which stands against them as a sword.
If the Islamic Republic as well as other countries of the region is prepared to deceive the people of the region, it would not be able to deceive them. If the Islamic Republic is prepared to deceive the people of the region, it would not be able to deceive them.
This is the reason why they are trying to deceive the Iranian nation. This is the reason why they are trying to deceive the Iranian nation.
Of course, the Americans have done a lot of mistakes.
It is a mistake to think that they can threaten the Islamic Republic of Iran, or they can threaten the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The indigenous countries do not let their countries understand the dangers that they will face in the arena of their natural resources.
He does not want the people to understand what they are thinking about the issue of oil and fuel. He does not want the people to know what they are thinking about.
They thought that the Iranian nation would be able to carry out their efforts. I do not think that they would be able to carry out their efforts.
I would like to tell you, dear brothers and sisters, that America, with all its efforts and efforts, with all those slogans and slogans during the attacks and fighting, today are in a serious condition.
I do not want to make a statement or a particular statement. I do not want to make a statement or a particular statement. I do not want to make a statement or a particular statement.
You should see that the president of the United States has taken over the throne because of the slogan "transformation".
What is a change?
Because we are in a very difficult situation, I want to change this situation. I want to change this situation.
That is to say, the American people entered the arena and voted for this slogan. If they were not prepared to vote for this slogan, the American people were not prepared to vote for this slogan. If they were not prepared to vote for this slogan, the American people were not prepared to vote for this slogan. If they were not prepared to vote for this slogan. If they were not prepared to vote for this slogan, the American people were not prepared to vote for this slogan.
The effect of this change on the American nation is indicative of the greatness of the situation. The American nation when a person is elected, as they claimed, is a very valuable situation. The American nation when a person is elected, as they claimed, is a very valuable situation. The American nation when a person is elected, is a very valuable situation. The American nation when a person is elected, is a very valuable situation.
That is to say, this is a very difficult situation.
I did not want to say this, the people of the United States and the people of America explained that the situation was very difficult.
This is why this person took over the throne, or it caused a change?
What can he do to change this tragic situation?
This revenue is appropriate or lower than what they are doing in the country.
This is a great problem for a country.
This is the political situation that has prevented them from returning to Iraq without achieving anything. In Afghanistan, the situation has become more severe.
In Muslim countries, in southern Africa, in Tunisia, in Tunisia, the American presence is hidden in their eyes.
In addition to all these things, there is also the movement of Wall Street in America.
What is the right situation?
America is in a difficult position.
In certain cases, America threatens other countries. In certain cases, it may be a threat to other countries.
I would like to tell you that we do not have nuclear weapons, we do not have nuclear weapons, but we will respond to any attack against us - whether America or the Islamic Republic of Israel - but we will respond to any attack against us.
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) promises: "And those who are against you, who are against you, who are against you, who are against you, who are against you, they will not be rewarded, and they will not be rewarded."
Through Allah's grace, you will not be defeated by Allah's grace (with the help of the enemies) (the Holy Quran, 48:22-23) [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23].
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said that if you start fighting, you will win. You will win. You will win. You will win. You will win.
But Allah (s.w.a.) has promised that when the enemy attacks you, they will be defeated.
It is not necessary to think that this is the beginning of Islam. It is not necessary to think that this is the beginning of Islam. It is necessary to think that this is the beginning of Islam. It is necessary to think that this is the beginning of Islam.
The Iranian nation is committed to all kinds of efforts and does not want to attack anyone, but it is committed to respect for its dignity, dignity, dignity, and the Islamic Republic and all its power.
This is to say, when you are exporters of domestic products, you are helping the economy of Iran, you helping the economy of the Iranian nation, and you helping the economy of the Iranian nation.
This evil culture - which is very tragic in some parts of our nation - is a threat to the world and our future. This evil culture - is a threat to our world. It is a threat to our future and our future.
Each of us has a responsibility, and we should contribute to the development of our domestic products.
Today officials have a duty in hand, and they can use this duty to strengthen domestic production.
The people - whether laborers or those who are able to do business - should gather together to do business.
You should be proud of the products that are made in the country.
It is not a mistake to compare domestic products, domestic products, domestic products, domestic products, domestic products, domestic products, domestic products, domestic products, domestic products and domestic products, while most times domestic products are better than domestic products.
I heard that some of the products that are sold in some parts of the country have been sold to foreign companies and return to them.
If they were sold in the market, they would not want them, but if they were sold in the market, they would have to buy a bottle or a bottle that was sold in the market, they would have to buy a bottle or a bottle that was sold in the market. This is wrong.
The production of domestic products is very important.
In the field of production, most of the work is in the hands of the people. This is one of the things that I advised the Iranian nation to do. I advised the Iranian nation to do this. I advised the Iranian nation to do this. I advised the Iranian nation to do this. I advised the Iranian nation to do this.
You dear brothers and sisters of all over the country, we need unity and cooperation.
There are many factors that cause discord and discord.
It is often possible to see that a person's view of the situation is different, but it should not be caused by differences.
When a person has a different view of view, a person has a different view of view and a person has a different view of view, it is not necessary to create differences.
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran tells us: "Be careful in all matters - political, economic, and political matters - and the enemy will be stronger than you are." [The Holy Quran, 9: 46] If we agree in different matters - we destroy our hearts, our enemy will be stronger than our enemy.
The enormous power that our enemy has gained in recent years is the result of a rift between us.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) advised us, saying: "Whoever asks truth but rejects it, is not equal to whoever asks truth and rejects it".
When a person is looking for the truth, he wants the Islamic Republic, he wants the Islamic Revolution, he wants the Islamic Revolution, he wants the Islamic Revolution, he wants the Islamic Revolution, he wants the Islamic Revolution, he wants the Holy Quran and Allah the Exalted.
He is different from a person who is opposed to the Islamic system and is opposed to the Islamic system.
It is necessary to destroy your minds, your friendships and your friendships in a sincere and sincere way. The truth is that the modern media and the internet have allowed people to make false statements about each other.
However, the essence of the issue is that we should feel that we should respect the Islamic values. We should respect the law.
However, it should not be considered an insult to certain people who are trying to accuse us of making false statements on our youth of the Islamic Revolution as hypocritical.
I see all the youth of the country who are committed to the Revolution as brothers and I would like to support them. I would like to support all the youth of the country who are committed to the Revolution. I would like to support all the youth of the country who are committed to the Revolution.
Everyone should respect the law.
The relationship between the Revolution and the Revolution is part of the Islamic Republic's constitution.
The same is true of the Iranian government.
The House of Representatives appreciates the power of the parliament, and the House of Representatives appreciates the power of the government and the president.
This does not mean that all of them should think differently. It does not mean that if they are mixed in a different opinion, they will be killed by each other.
I hope this year will be one of the best years for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, thanks to Muhammad and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, establish our youth and our nation on the right path.
Dear God, fight the enemies of this nation.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household brings this great nation to the goals that are ahead of us. Make the heart of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) believe in us, and make the heart of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) believe in us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
In the Name of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, Allah's greetings be upon her, her husband, her husband and her children.
I would like to extend my greetings to all the dear brothers and sisters who participated in this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bring our souls and our souls to the desires of God.
This is a good opportunity for me that each year, during the Eid al-Nourouz, with the happiness and enthusiasm of the people, I have the opportunity to speak to you and discuss the events that have happened in the country, and we should look at the events that have happened in the past and the events that will happen in the future. We should look at the events that have happened in the past and we should look at the events that have happened in the country.
The dear brothers and sisters, you should know that we are not just focused on our issues and our actions, but there are other people who are focused on our actions and their views on the issues that are related to us and our actions.
Some countries are proud of our achievements. They look at the situation of the Iranian nation. They look at the situation of the Iranian nation. They look at the situation of the Iranian nation.
If we achieve a victory, they feel that they have made a victory.
However, there are some people around the world who are focused on our efforts, but they are different from the first one.
They are hopeful for the Iranian nation.
They are the people who have been responsible for all the issues that affect the country. They are the people who have been responsible for all the issues that affect the country.
The Islamic Revolution came and destroyed their hands.
They are opposed to the Revolution. They are opposed to the government established by the Revolution.
We are surrounded by a large number of human beings.
Therefore, when we look at our current and future goals, we should be honest and sincere.
Some of us when we look at the situation of the country, they are not looking at the situation of the country.
They do not see anything without the lack of domestic production, the lack of domestic production in some areas, the lack of domestic production in some areas, the lack of domestic production in some areas.
I have a different view.
When I look at the situation of our country and the situation of our people, I see that the Iranian nation was successful in this arena because of the threats of the enemies.
It is certain that there are serious problems in the country. There are certain problems in the country. There are certain people who are trying to deceive the Iranian nation. They say that there are certain people who are trying to deceive the Iranian nation. They say that they are trying to deceive the Iranian nation.
Another woman, who previously served as the secretary of state of the U.S., shouts that we want to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic.
They have clearly said this. I will explain what they did and how they did it. I will explain what they did and how they did it.
As a result of this, there is a great fighting against the enemy in the arena of the challenges of the Iranian nation and there are great achievements that show that the Iranian nation is proud of and the Iranian nation is proud of and the Iranian nation is proud of.
When a person looks at this arena, it is like the arena of sports where athletes are trying to show their talent, but a few years later he will win the medal and the people will appreciate him.
That is to say, the Iranian nation is in front of us.
The Iranian nation will be thankful to the people of the world, especially from the countries that are opposed to the Iranian nation, especially from the countries that are opposed to the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, officials, officials, officials and other people who know where the world is and look at the situation, all of them are thankful to the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to look at all the efforts that have been made in all parts of the country and the results that will be achieved in all parts of the country.
What are these people?
I will further explain this.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has two characteristics: the first is that they will do whatever they can to achieve the achievements of the Iranian nation in all arenas. The second is that they will do whatever they can to achieve the achievements of the Iranian nation in all arenas, and the second is that they will do whatever they can to achieve the achievements of the Iranian nation.
They will do this through sanctions, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, and restrictions. The second point is that they should make efforts to promote the progress of the Iranian nation.
The President of the United States, in his speech, referred to the economic problems of Iran. He referred to the achievements of the Iranian nation.
He added that the Iranian currency is a country, there are serious economic problems here and there.
However, he did not mention the great achievements of the country, the great achievements of the Iranian nation and the great achievements that the Iranian nation has made over the past 30 years.
This year 1391 was one of the years during which our enemies took advantage of their evil actions.
They said that we want to destabilize the Iranian nation by imposing sanctions.
If the Islamic Republic stays on its knees and continues to progress, their identity will be shrined.
If they can do so, they should not wait. If they can do so, they should try to do so. If they cannot do so, they should try to do so.
The two things that they do are not in the hands of a child. They are trying to avoid threats, threats, sanctions, sanctions, sanctions and other such things.
We said that there are enemy.
What are these enemies?
What is the source of these evil policies that are imposed on the Iranian nation?
That is to say, answering this question is not difficult.
Today, at the age of 30 when the name of the Imam (r.a.) is used, the hearts and souls of the Iranian nation are turned to the US government.
The American officials should understand that during the past 30 years, the Iranian nation saw certain things that took place during the past 30 years, the Iranian nation saw certain things that took place when the name of the enemy was mentioned, and the hearts went to America.
This is a very important point. Every government that wants to live in dignity in the world should pay attention to this point.
They are the center of these evil and evil acts.
However, there are certain enemy groups, but they are not recognized as the first enemy.
The Zionist regime is the enemy, but the Zionist regime is not the one of the enemy of the Iranian nation.
In some cases, the enemies of the Islamic Republic threaten us, threaten us with a military attack. But they know that if they threaten us with a military attack, the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
The evil and corrupt government of the UK is opposed to the Iranian nation.
The United States is one of the main enemies of the Iranian nation. But the United States is the enemies of the Iranian nation.
The British government does not have a right to do so, but a person does not recognize it as a witch. It is a witch of America.
There are some governments that show discord.
I would like to announce that in recent years the French government has expressed their displeasure to the Iranian nation. This is a mistake that the French government has made.
Political analyst, particularly a politician who knows what to do, should not leave a person who does not identify himself as the enemy.
We did not have any problems with France. We did not have any problems with France. We did not have any problems with France. We did not have any problems with France. We did not have any problems with France.
This is a mistake. In our view, this is a mistake.
When they speak, the Americans say ‘nations’. They say ‘nations of the world’. They say ‘nations of the world’. They say ‘nations of the world’. They say ‘nations of the world’.
The world is not opposed to Iran and the Iranian nation. Today we want to look at the history of the year 1391, we should know that since the beginning of the year 1391, the Americans have started their new enemy.
Since the beginning of the year 1391, they have imposed severe sanctions on the Iranian nation. They have imposed severe sanctions on the Iranian nation.
They are opposed to discord, but they hope that the Iranian nation will not realize that they are enemy and that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are enemy and that the Iranian nation is not opposed to them.
A few years ago, in the presence of Imam Ali bn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) in the meeting of the Imam of the Age (a.s.) in the meeting of the Imam of the Age (a.s.) in the meeting of the Imam of the Age (a.s.) in the meeting of the Imam of the Age (a.s.) in the meeting of the Imam of the Age (a.s.) in the meeting of the Imam of the Age (a.s.) said that you should not make a mistake.
The United States has appointed a special person who will speak to different countries and meet with executive officials in order to avoid any political and economic relations between the Islamic Republic of Iran.
They should punish them if they have a currency and oil related relationship with the Islamic Republic.
They started this work from the beginning of the year 1391, particularly from Mordad, where they made a lot of sacrifices.
I would like to say that the Americans have expressed their appreciation for the sanctions and that I have proven that the sanctions are effective. No, they cannot say that the sanctions are effective if they want to benefit from it.
Our economy is suffering from the fact that it is based on oil.
We should divide our economy and invest in oil. We should put this in the framework of our governments.
Eight years ago I told the government that they would create a system where we can shut our oil fields at any time.
In that time, some people who called themselves ‘witches’ laughed and asked if this would be possible?
In fact, it is necessary to follow this path, it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something.
When the economy of a country is defeated by a particular region, the enemy will deploy their efforts on this area.
The implementation of sanctions does not affect the enemy's interests, but it does not affect the enemy's interests.
This is related to economic matters. In the arena of political matters, the enemy has done all the necessary efforts to preserve the Islamic Republic's identity. In the arena of political affairs, the enemy has done all the necessary efforts to preserve the Islamic Republic's identity.
The governments should make a different view of the Islamic Republic of Iran - that is to say, they should not allow the Islamic Republic to increase its presence in this region and in other parts of the world. They were defeated in this regard.
The same is true of what they expect.
The countries of the Islamic Revolution represent two per cent of all nations of the world. Presidents and officials of the Islamic Revolution attended the meeting in Tehran.
All of them were proud of the Iranian nation.
They told us these things, and they told us these things. They told us these things, and they told us these things.
The same is true of what the enemies of the Iranian nation hoped.
They did not have any effect.
In the domestic arena, they want to create doubts in the hearts of the Iranian nation about their path. They want to raise doubts in the hearts of the Iranian nation about their path. They want to create discord between the Iranian nation and the Islamic system.
In the 22nd of Bahman, the Iranian nation gave rise to the hearts of the Iranian nation through their presence and appreciation for the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Revolution.
In the security arena, they have done all the necessary efforts to destroy the security of the country, which government officials have focused their attention on these things in their interviews with newspapers.
In the political arena of this region, they have tried to end the role of the Islamic Republic.
In the political arena of the region, they have proven that there is no issue in the region that cannot be resolved without the presence of Iran and the presence of Iran.
Regarding the attacks by the Zionist regime on Gaza, the presence of the Zionist regime made the Zionist regime a threat to the Palestinians. They say this.
They said that without the presence of the Islamic Republic and its power, the Palestinians would not be able to stand up against the Palestinian nation, and that the Palestinians would not be able to stand up against the Palestinian nation.
Because during the last four days of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) war, the Palestinians managed to destroy the Islamic Republic.
I said that they did not do so. They did not do so. They did not do so. They did not do so. They did not do so.
The sanctions were imposed on the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation to make great efforts. If the sanctions were not imposed on the Iranian nation, these things would not happen.
In the arena of construction, we did not achieve these achievements if not for the sanctions, we did not achieve these achievements. In the arena of construction, I would say, in the arena of construction, we did not achieve these achievements. In the arena of construction, I would say, in the arena of construction, we did not achieve these achievements. In the arena of construction, I would say, in the arena of construction, we did not achieve these achievements.
The country has made many achievements in the field of infrastructure, the field of energy, the field of fuel efficiency, the field of fuel efficiency, the field of fuel efficiency, the field of fuel efficiency, the field of fuel efficiency, the field of fuel efficiency, the field of fuel efficiency, the field of fuel efficiency, and other industries. All these are achievements that will strengthen our economy in the future.
We have made great progress in the field of knowledge in the year 1391.
In the field of knowledge and technology, in the past year, many efforts have been made that the people who believe in a better future for our nation.
In the year when they wanted to destroy the Iranian nation, our youth and our dear youth sent the nuclear weapons to the atmosphere. They sent the nuclear weapons to the atmosphere through the Persian Gulf and the Persian Gulf.
Therefore, when this divine being entered the world and returned to the heavens and returned to his health, the first scientists in the world rejected it because it was a very strange thing for them.
However, after the truth was revealed to everyone, they realized that they were not able to believe in it.
In the health and medical sector, there have been significant achievements that are related to the health of the people.
In the field of physical sciences, we have been one of the first in the region.
These efforts have been made, and they have been developed.
All these things were done in the year which the Iranian nation was tortured in order to deprive them of good life and human dignity.
This year, we have been at the first stage in different areas of knowledge.
In the academic and technological competitions, the country has recorded more than one per cent compared to last year.
In 1391, thousands of graduates were added to the school system as compared to the first victory of the Islamic Revolution.
That is to say, the number of our graduates has fallen by five per cent from the last year’s graduates.
This is the great achievement of the Iranian nation.
The country has achieved great achievements in the arena of water and environment, in the arena of natural resources, in the arena of chemicals, in the arena of nuclear weaponry, in the arena of nuclear weaponry, in the arena of nuclear weaponry, in the arena of nuclear weaponry, in the arena of nuclear weaponry, in the arena of nuclear weaponry, in the arena of nuclear weaponry, in the arena of nuclear weaponry.
All these things were discovered in a year when the enemies of the Iranian nation did their best to destroy the Iranian nation.
It is a great lesson in the events that happened in the year 1391 for us. This lesson is that a nation that lives, the threats and threats of the enemies will not be defeated.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) explained to us and all those who have focused their attention on the issue of Iran that the importance of a nation is to maintain its power, self-confidence, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice and self-sacrifice.
This is what will strengthen it.
The year 1391 was a year of research and defense.
We have learnt the characteristics that we have. This is the characteristic of military action.
In military operations, the Army knows how much power they have, how much power they have, how much power they have.
We understand the problems that we have.
This crisis is due to the failure of our political, economic and political policies. I repeatedly said that this is one of the problems that we have faced - which I said that is one of the problems that we have faced today - the lack of political, economic and political policies.
The government officials - especially the officials who are currently on the presidential throne and especially the officials who are expected to attend the next presidential elections in this year - should pay attention to this issue.
Another important point that we have achieved is that the foundation of our country is a strong foundation.
When the foundation is strong, the enemy will not affect the enemy.
If the great officials of the country understand the responsibility of their officials and manage to fulfill their responsibilities, they will be able to transform any obstacle into a means. As we did in the year 1391, they will transform any obstacle into a means.
In the future, we will see the effect of the actions of the officials and the people of the country in the year 1391.
The economy is a very important issue and I have always referred to it, but the economy is not only a very important issue. The economy is also a very important issue. The economy is also a very important issue. The economy is also a very important issue. The economy is a very important issue. The economy is also a very important issue.
Because if knowledge is advanced in the country, all other things will be easier.
The dignity and dignity of a nation are very important, the presence of a nation and a nation is very important. The presence of a nation and a nation is very important.
We have made progress in all areas.
In the arena of security, in the arena of security, in the arena of international influence, in the arena of regional influence and in the arena of regional influence.
Through these developments, our nation proved that being under the control of the U.S. does not mean progress. This is very important.
The powers of the world and the arrogant powers - during colonial rule - are trying to show the world that if you want a better life and a better future, you should be under our control.
The Iranian nation has proven that this is false.
Our nation proved that lack of cooperation with America and other major nations does not only lead to progress but also leads to progress.
There are certain countries that have been threatened by America.
We have a long history. You should look at the past 30 years of the Islamic Republic. You should look at the past 30 years of the Islamic Republic. You should look at the past 30 years of the Islamic Republic.
Everyone who takes a look at this, knows that lack of cooperation with the nations is a means for a nation, not a threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation, thanks to its power, dignity and insight, has taken advantage of this opportunity.
We have been doing this a few times and we saw his success.
Similarly, the issue of nuclear weapons is one of the most urgent needs of Tehran's nuclear research centre, where there are essential medicines for the country.
This small business needs about ten per cent of its production, which we did not produce at that time.
Therefore, they should turn their hands on the issue of national demands, to prevent the Islamic Republic from fulfilling its obligations.
But before the situation reached a certain level, our youth and our teachers started producing the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent of the equivalent.
We did not think that we would be able to do so.
But when the officials of our government realized the needs of the Iranian nation, they managed to increase the security of the Iranian nation and we managed to achieve this goal. We managed to increase the security of the Iranian nation and we managed to achieve this goal.
In a time when they thought the Islamic Republic would come to their knees, they told the Islamic Republic that we have made this weapon, the Islamic Republic announced that we have made this weapon and the Islamic Republic announced that we have made this weapon.
If our youth and youth fail to do this, we would have to go to the people who are opposed to us, and we would have to go to the people who are opposed to us, and we would have to go to the people who are opposed to us, and we would have to go to the people who are opposed to us.
The officials of the country discovered this and when they realized it, they did what they needed.
It is necessary to change the system of government in all areas of the country. It is necessary to change the system of government in all areas of the country. It is necessary to change the system of government in all areas of the country. It is necessary to change the system of government in all areas of the country. It is necessary to change the system of government in all areas of the country.
If they write, they should be in this regard. If they do research, they should be in this regard.
If they do business or scientific activities, all of them should be in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to build a country so that it cannot be defeated by the enemy.
We should preserve it. This is one of the pillars of our resistance.
In a competitive economy, one of the essential pillars is to make the economy prepared for threats.
The economy should be prepared to fight against threats. It should be prepared to fight against any threat from the enemy.
This is the first issue that I should tell you.
The second point is that the Americans send us messages in different ways, asking us to come and discuss the issue of nuclear weapons. They send us messages in different ways, asking us to discuss the issue of nuclear weapons.
The American officials and diplomatic officials have repeatedly told us that when the 5+1 meeting is held on the issue of the nuclear issue, America and the Islamic Republic will be on the table of negotiations on the issue of the nuclear issue. I do not have any hope for this meeting.
What is it?
Because our experience shows that negotiations in the US are not focused on finding a solution and finding a solution that is appropriate for us, this is not what they mean.
What they mean is to sit, sit and talk for you to understand what we have said!
We always announce that this is not a meeting. It is a negotiation. It is a negotiation. It is a negotiation. It is a negotiation. It is a negotiation.
I do not have any hope about these things, but I do not want to stop them.
But there are some issues that should be considered:
The first point is that the Americans send us a message, often shouting, telling us that we do not want to establish a Islamic government (in Iran). They tell us that we do not want to establish a Islamic government (in Iran). They tell us that we do not want to establish a Islamic government (in Iran).
We do not care if you want to change the Islamic system or not, but you do not want to change the Islamic system.
When you are trying to establish the Islamic system, you cannot do anything. When you are trying to establish the Islamic system, you cannot do anything.
The second point is that the Americans have sent messages that we are very active in the negotiations.
We would like to discuss with you and have a fair and fair discussion.
I told them: "We have always told you that we did not mean creating the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, but you say that you do not trust us."
Why should we believe in what you said?
When you are not prepared to believe in a truth that is accurate, why do we not believe in a truth that is accurate, why do we not believe in these truths?
Our understanding of the statements presented by the Americans is a false and false speech that provokes the attention of the people of the world, the people of our country and the people of our country.
You should prove that this is not true.
What can you prove?
In this regard, I would like to explain that one of the advantages of them is that sometimes they broadcast messages that some people from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) meeting with Americans.
This is a propaganda propaganda, and it is a blatant falsehood.
However, there is no representative from the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Republic to speak with them.
The second point is that we have realized that the US is not willing to end the nuclear negotiations.
The Americans do not want to end this nuclear negotiations and resolve this issue. If they do not want to end this nuclear negotiations and resolve this issue, they will be able to solve it.
Iran wants to do something about the issue of nuclear weapons is that the world is committed to its right to nuclear weapons, which is a right.
The powers of the world should agree that the Iranian nation has the right to use uranium for a safe and sustainable future.
What is a great hope? This is what they always say. They do not want.
They said that we are hopeful that you will find a way to build nuclear weapons.
This is the case with some countries that I mentioned before. They call themselves the "nations of the world".
They say that the world is in a serious crisis.
Absolutely, the world is not in a crisis.
The majority of the world supports the Islamic Republic and our needs. They do this because the Iranian nation is a real needs.
They should recognize the right of Iran to use urnium, and to curb this fear, they can implement international sanctions.
When we are reaching the beginning of the crisis, the Americans will make a mistake to prevent the beginning of the crisis.
Their goal is that they want this issue to continue and they want to see what they want.
These threats are always threatening the Iranian nation. They are always threatening the Iranian nation.
The fourth point and the final point is that if the Americans really want to end this issue, I will give them a solution.
This is the way: the Americans should end the disagreements against the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want to end the tensions between us - like they say that we want to end the tensions between Iran and America - they want to end the tensions between us.
Twenty years ago, different American governments, due to their lack of understanding of Iran and the Iranian nation, have been trying to prepare the vaccine for the Iranian nation.
Since the beginning of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic Republic, they have expressed their disagreement.
In the security arena, they prepared our defense systems. They prepared our defense systems. They prepared our defense systems. They managed to destroy our security systems. They managed to destroy our economy. They managed to destroy our economy. They managed to destroy our economy. They managed to destroy our economy.
I would like to tell the Americans that if they want to change their policies, they should change their policies, and they will end their disputes with the Iranian nation. This is the end of this issue.
There is another issue that I would like to mention is the issue of elections.
Elections in our country are a political manifestation.
The election is a political symbol. It is a symbol of the Islamic Republic's unity. The Islamic Republic is the symbol of the unity of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is the symbol of the unity of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is the symbol of the unity of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is the symbol of the unity of the Islamic Republic.
Election is the manifestation of national determination, the manifestation of Islamic democracy.
Because of the importance of the election, the enemies of the Iranian nation are constantly trying to create chaos in the Iranian elections.
In order to prevent people from entering the elections, they designed policies to prevent people from entering the elections, destroy their confidence and raise their anger.
Throughout the years that we have been organizing elections - whether the elections of the parliament or the elections of the president - we have always tried to make the elections not be successful. This is because the importance of elections in the country.
I would like to say a few things in the beginning of the elections. But there are two months and a few things that have taken place.
I would like to explain some things. But I would like to explain some things.
First of all, the first point during the elections is that the presence of the people during the elections is very important.
The presence of the people during the elections can reduce the effects of the enemy's threats. It can force the enemy to forget and destroy the security of the country.
The people of our country should know that their victory in the elections will affect the future of the country. The people of our country should know that their victory will affect the future of the country.
This is the first point. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will be a very powerful election. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will be a very powerful election.
The second point is that all organizations and organizations that believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a duty of each and every individual.
Elections are not based on a group or a political party.
Everyone who believes in the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic, who believe in the Islamic Republic and who believe in the Islamic Republic and who believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
The move towards the elections is appropriate for those who oppose this system.
The second point is that the opinion of the people is the source of the results of the election.
You should conduct a survey on the candidates during the elections and advise the people you trust to identify the best candidates for you.
I did not have a single vote.
I have one vote and I have a vote and I did not know where to vote.
It is necessary that the people who are responsible for the electoral arena, when they open, understand where I was going to vote.
If someone says this, it is not true.
In these days and in these strange news outlets - such as the telephone calls and other such things - it is necessary to spread and spread false claims to other people.
In fact, one can send thousands of messages.
I have reported that during the elections, there will be hundreds of thousands of these messages.
You should be careful about these things.
In fact, a person or a political party can attract the attention of other people - no matter what they are doing - but I do not feel anything about it.
The people can advise and help each other to determine the right person.
The principle is the opinion and the opinion of the people.
The fourth point is that when it comes to elections and those without elections, everyone should pay attention to the law.
The events that happened in the year 1388 - which caused serious damage to the country - resulted from lack of respect for the law. They did not want to respect the people.
It may be that the people are opposed to what I want. But I should pay attention to this.
It is necessary to respect what the majority of the people choose.
It is necessary to use these methods.
We called on people to go to the streets because the events that happened against what we wanted - like what happened in the year 1388 - were not the same as what happened in the year 1388.
This is a lesson for the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation will remain vigilant in this regard.
The second point is that we should know that what we need from the next president is the good things that we need from the previous president.
It is necessary to know that the president of every time should be aware of the good things that the president has done, but without the prejudice.
Each individual has a strength and a weakness.
The heads of the country - whether the present or the future - have weakness and weakness.
The next president should have the characteristics that are expected today as the head of state and the president of the country.
That is to say, the governments that are coming and they are going to move forward should be able to find a path to progress and finish each other.
The people who are prepared to enter this arena should carry out all their powers, their powers and their powers.
Dear God, make this nation a valuable and valuable nation.
Dear God, make the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household happy with all of us.
Dear God, preserve the souls of our dear Imam and our martyrs.
You should make the things that we said are based on your determination and your path.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to congratulate my dear brothers and sisters on their efforts in different sectors of the country.
On the other hand, this meeting is a manifestation of the importance of this system to the economy in a very difficult time in the world, the country and the country.
We want that one day in the month of Ramadan, a group of government officials, traders, investors and other organizations - who are working in the economy and economic development of the country - come and see what they have been doing in the country. We want that a group of people who are working in the economy and economic development of the country - come and see what they have done in the country.
This is the first point. It is the first point. It is the first point. It is the first point.
This is a message for everybody, whether government officials in the economy and other areas of the country, whether government officials in all areas of the country and those who are responsible for economic activities in all areas of the country and those who are responsible for economic activities in all areas of the country.
The second point that was created by the organizers of this meeting was that there was no opportunity for those who were not government officials to present a report on the situation of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country and the progress of the country.
I do not think that it is necessary to mention the progress of the country. I do not think that it is necessary to mention the progress of the country. I do not think that it is necessary to mention the progress of the country. I do not think that it is necessary to mention the progress of the country through the efforts of the government and the opportunities that exist in the country.
I would like to tell you that I have a relationship with people. They have no information about the progress that has been made.
These things that you have said in different areas - which I have written in the full text and will be reported in the future in the hopeful way.
This is a great achievement for the Iranian nation.
This is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made good progress in the field of production, in the sector of agriculture, in the sector of agriculture, in the sector of production, in the sector of agriculture, in the sector of manufacturing, in the sector of agriculture, in the sector of manufacturing, in the sector of agriculture and other areas of knowledge.
This is a great opportunity for people to hear this from different government officials. This is a great opportunity for people to feel this from different government officials.
I would like to know that today one of the weapons of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to destroy people. I would like to know that today one of the weapons of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to destroy people.
It should not be a lack of hope and determination. It should not be a lack of hope and determination.
It is necessary to note that we have made a lot of progress. As a example, we have made a lot of progress. As a example, we have made a lot of progress.
First of all, we named this year as the Year of Economic Development.
The propaganda of the arrogant powers is a threat to the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in economic arenas.
Although they used the issue of nuclear power to impose economic sanctions, they did not believe that the issue of nuclear power was the reason behind these sanctions.
You can imagine that when they imposed the first sanctions that were imposed on the country, there was no nuclear issue in the country. You can imagine that when they imposed the first sanctions that were imposed on the country, there was no nuclear issue in the country.
Although it is not a very important measure, it is still known as the "D'Amato" - which was known as the "D'Amato" - which was issued by a person in the US Congress - which was issued by a person in the Senate. It was a time when there was no nuclear issue.
The goal of the sanctions is to destabilize the Iranian nation.
But a lesson is that the Iranian nation has passed these sanctions for two decades.
In recent years, the sanctions have been imposed, but they have not been imposed on us. Since the beginning of these sanctions, they have not been imposed on us. Since the beginning of these sanctions, they have not been imposed on us than the sanctions that have been imposed on us.
They should be prepared. They should be prepared. They should be prepared. They should be prepared. They should be prepared. They should be prepared.
Of course this is necessary for economic jihad.
No movement is known with the name of jihad.
It is a movement that is called jihad.
The effort to achieve such a goal is one of the main principles of jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
In this regard, economic jihad means a continuation of a movement that will destroy any part of the Iranian nation with the aim of defeat the enemies.
Another point is that we have designed a framework for the progress of the country - which is a very important framework for the progress of the country - which is a very important framework for the progress of the country.
In fact, other nations will not let us leave us first. They are moving forward. They are moving forward. They are moving forward. They are moving forward.
If we do not use these methods, we will not use them. We do not use these methods and we will not use them.
This is why this issue needs jihad.
It is necessary to make efforts in order to achieve these goals. It is necessary to make efforts in order to achieve these goals.
The issue of reaching the first stage is not just a matter of the fact that we will reach the first stage. It is because the future of the nations is dependent on this issue.
If a country in the arena of economic, scientific and technological developments fails to fulfill its needs and achieves progress, it will be defeated in a lack of patience.
We do not want to humiliate us.
Since two decades, our country has been faced with threats and corruption.
The weakness of the Islamic Republic and the evil plots of the enemies is the reason behind this evil plot.
Since the early 1800s, the British colonialists entered the political arenas of the country with their enthusiasm, and they went to the political arenas of the country with their enthusiasm.
The first British diplomat arrived in the country in 1800, when the Indian government was under the control of the Indian people and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps was under the control of the Indian government and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) government and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) government.
Both the brothers and rulers of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the rulers of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) gave rise to this man.
We do not want this to continue.
The Islamic Revolution created a barrier in front of them.
We want this weapon to increase strength.
We should not let them ignore our economy, our culture, our politics, our political and economic futures.
One of the pillars of this power is the economy.
This is the reason why we are supposed to be first.
It is not because one believes that Iran should be the first in this region. It is because the future of the Islamic Ummah is dependent on this.
This is why it is necessary to carry out efforts and efforts in a firm manner. It is necessary to carry out efforts and efforts in a firm manner, and it is necessary to use all the resources that we have in this country.
We heard this and we saw this in the achievements of our country during the Revolution.
What happened in the waters in the country, before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, nobody knew that this would happen.
The same is true of coral bleaching but in different areas the same is true of coral bleaching. The events that have taken place in the country have taken place in different areas. The events that have taken place in the country have taken place in different areas. The events that have taken place in the country have taken place in different areas.
I would say this is due to my experience in different areas of the country. I would say that there is no place in the country where our youth can show their presence in the arena without the permission of the authorities.
This is a very important point.
The economy of our country is very important.
I have repeatedly said that if we compare our economy with the population of our country and the world, we will see that they are lower than the average population of our country.
The population of our country is about one per cent of the world - and the economy of our country is about one per cent of the global economy.
This is a very important point and a very valuable point.
The issue of the lack of water in the country and the issue of the lack of water in the country is the issue of the lack of water in the country, but we can manage this problem with appropriate sources of knowledge, which some of my brothers mentioned in the past. We can manage this problem with appropriate sources of knowledge, which some of my brothers mentioned in the past.
In fact, the country has a wealth of resources.
The same is true of our region.
We have a very important place.
The presence of two islands and the presence of two islands in Asia and Europe is a very important part of this region. We are a very important part of this region. We are a very important part of this region.
This is a good thing for us.
Today - as mentioned above - we are almost one per cent of the country’s progress in the last ten years.
This is a four-year plan that has been designed for four years. This is a five-year plan.
That is to say, many things have been done in the last four years.
According to the report that you have read, there are certain things that should be done. But there are certain things that should be done.
The policies that were announced in the arena of sustainable production, the policies that were announced in the arena of sustainable production, the policies that were announced in the country, the policies that were announced in the House of Representatives, the policies that were announced in the House of Representatives and the policies that were announced in the House of Representatives.
If we can do this, we will benefit from the opportunities and opportunities that have been mentioned above.
These policies can promote unity and promote economic progress.
It is not possible to achieve certain of the goals that were set out in the framework of the eight-year framework, but there are different factors that have prevented it from achieving these goals.
These things such as a reduction in employment, a reduction in inflation, a reduction in revenue, a reduction in revenue, a reduction in inflation and a reduction in consumption - which I mentioned at that time - are not achieved.
This is what requires us to continue our efforts for the next five years to achieve the same goals that we had previously had.
According to what is written in this law, we should take a close look at the issue of government corruption and the economic activities of the government.
What is your goal? The goal is to create a competitive and competitive economy through the presence of investors and investors in the economy.
They calculated that the revenue needed for these five years was about 160 billion dollars a year.
This is necessary.
It is necessary to make progress in the arena of the 44th Section. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen
When there are good achievements, there are some good achievements.
I have been talking about the issue of fighting the enemies of the economy for years and I have been talking about the issue of fighting the enemies of the economy.
When I speak about this issue, some people come to me and say that these remarks that you use on the issue of economic sanctions will encourage the traders to enter the arena of economic growth.
I would like to tell them that they are wrong. I would like to tell them that they are wrong.
Each businessman who wants to buy a good food and wants to do a good job which is approved by the law and believes that the government will not cooperate with the violations of the law, this will boost his confidence.
We are opposed to those who steal the money of the government and those who exploit the resources of the country. We are opposed to those who steal the money of the government and those who exploit the resources of the country.
The advantage is that all or most of the ministers and government officials of the economy are present in this meeting.
They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said. I ask you to pay attention to the things that they said. I ask you to pay attention to the things that they said.
We should not let the facts be safeguarded here.
However, while Mr Tawakkuli asked us why should not be said the wrong things. Why should not be said the wrong things? Why should not be said the wrong things? Why should not be done. Why should not be done? Why should not be done.
If these recommendations are followed up, I would like to say that they are good recommendations. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard.
First of all, the issue of assistance is the issue of assistance in the sector of production. Production is the foundation of the economy. Export is the foundation of the economy of the country.
Regarding the importance of the government's contribution to the needs of today's needs, it is necessary to pay attention to the contribution of the government to the needs of today's needs. It is necessary to pay attention to the contribution of the government to the needs, according to the law: 30 per cent.
However, some of the government officials who spoke with us believed that there is a 30 per cent requirement.
The situation may be similar in some areas, but it is necessary to be supported by government organizations.
There are certain areas that are affected by these sanctions, and we should benefit from these sanctions.
However, the investors have a responsibility in this regard. They have a responsibility in this regard. They have a responsibility in this regard.
Some of the government officials told me that some of the companies do not do enough to improve their crops and they use a lot of energy. If they do not give up, they will not use it.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue.
Of course, the attention of the government is very important. It is necessary to be vigilant in this regard. It is necessary to be vigilant in this regard.
It is necessary to pay attention to the people who I mentioned earlier - those who I mentioned earlier - to avoid using the opportunity to use the opportunity to do a different job, which we have seen in the report.
It is necessary to deal with this issue with all means to ensure that the sincere and sincere firms who are looking for a job have the opportunity to perform their work.
The second point is the issue of importation. I have repeatedly referred to this issue, and I have repeatedly talked to the officials about importation.
There is no one who is opposed to exporting products. But it is necessary to prepare the market for export.
In order to prevent a certain time - such as the evening of Eid - when a product is lost in the market, it is not a great reason to increase the price of our products.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic products.
If domestic products are exported, domestic products will not be affected by importing products. If domestic products are not exported, domestic products will not be affected by importing products. If domestic products are not exported, domestic products will not be affected by importing products.
I believe this is not a source of power.
Regarding the issue of importing goods, I think the issue of importing goods is a very important issue. I think the issue of importing goods is a very important issue. I think the issue of importing goods is a very important issue.
In the area of farming, we have good products.
One of the teachers presented a report on the farming of elephants.
Our country is one of the most advanced countries in the world.
We should increase our production.
We should export these commodities to the world to see the characteristics of the Iranian nation. We should not export these commodities from countries such as Latin America and other countries that are not comparable to those of us.
First, the issue of exporting products is the issue of exporting products.
That is to say, the government has the responsibility to help exporters.
The advantage - according to one of our friends - is that we have made a lot of progress and we hope that we will make a lot of progress in the future. We hope that we will make a lot of progress in the future. We hope that we will make a lot of progress in the amount of revenue and we hope that we will make a lot of progress in the amount of revenue and we hope that we will make a lot of progress in the amount of revenue.
We should reach a level where we can manage foreign currency through oil.
This is one of the major problems that we face in the economy and in the whole of the country.
In recent years - even if the officials of the government were not aware of this - we should reach the point where we had decided to stop exporting our oil for five days or a few days, we can do so.
You should look at what will happen in the world.
Today we cannot do this, because we need these funds.
The Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic of Iran will be stronger than ever before and the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic of Iran will be stronger than ever before.
It is necessary to achieve this. It is necessary to support this issue. It is necessary to support this issue. It is necessary to support this issue.
In this regard, the importers and their officials have a responsibility. They have a responsibility. They have a responsibility. They have a responsibility. They have a responsibility. They have a responsibility. They have a responsibility. They have a responsibility. They have a responsibility.
There are many companies in the world that have been making products and sell them to the buyers and increasing their trust.
As a example, a company of Jamus or Swiss over the past ten years has produced and sold goods in our country and in other countries. They have already sold goods in our country and in other countries.
What?
The importers should pay attention to these things.
This is a necessity. It is necessary to develop a culture. It is necessary to develop a culture.
The issue of fighting terrorism is very important.
If such a person does not have a competent government which can help him, he will not be able to make a negative impact on the economy.
This is why government officials have a responsibility to prevent the spread of economic corruption in government organizations.
As a example, when you realize that a disease is spreading in the throat of a bird, there is no hope and appreciation for it. You know that if a disease is spreading in the throat of a bird, the disease will not be spreading only to a few thousand elephants. You know that if you speak out, the disease will not be spreading to a few thousand elephants. You know that if you speak out, the disease will not be spreading to a few thousand elephants. You know that if you speak out, the disease will be spreading to a few thousand elephants. You know that if you speak out, the disease will be spreading to a few thousand elephants. You know that if you speak out, the disease will be spreading
This is the case with economic corruption.
If in certain areas of the government you see or see a negative negative economy - I speak with the officials of the government - you should not speak to them.
The pandemic of terrorism is one of the most dangerous and dangerous diseases. It is necessary to be careful about this.
One of the things that is necessary is to prepare a plan for unity is to prepare a plan for unity. In this policy of 44 we referred to the issue of unity and the issue of unity.
We need a fair and fair policy in terms of unity.
According to one of the brothers, it is possible to achieve these goals through the cooperation of the banks and other such goals. The best way to achieve these goals is through the cooperation of the banks.
The first point is to pay attention to the importance of the opportunities that exist in the country for the investors.
It is necessary to identify where there is a lot of investments. It is necessary to identify where there is a lot of investments. It is necessary to identify where there is a lot of investments.
That is to say, those who have information will use this tactic.
It is necessary to ensure that information is available to each and every person.
It is necessary to clarify the issue in a clear way. Even in the previous governments, there were many things that were done in a few cases, but they were not acceptable.
It is necessary to increase determination in this regard.
There are some things that I have written, but when the Eid is coming, I will leave them.
I hope Allah the Exalted will help the people who love the country, the Islamic Republic and the future of the Islamic Republic to increase their determination and determination. I hope that the people who love the country, the Islamic Republic and the future of the Islamic Republic will increase their determination and determination.
It is necessary to identify this issue with the issue of determination and responsibility. This issue of determination and responsibility should be discussed with the issue of economic growth.
We hope everyone will be more determined.
The future of this country is a good future. The power and resources of the country are very valuable.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, faith and strength in this country.
This country has many opportunities to name it as the second most valuable country in the world.
The history of our country, the heritage of our culture, the wealth of our people, the wealth of our people and the resources of our country are all indicative of this.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah. All praise belongs to Allah. All praise belongs to the Imam of the Age (a.s.). All praise belongs to the Imam of the Age (s.w.a.). All praise belongs to the Imam of the Age (s.w.a.).
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving me the opportunity to understand the importance of this blessed place, which is the residence of the great Imam Ali bn Musa al-Ridha (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) on the first day of the year.
I would like to extend my congratulations on Norouz's Eid and the arrival of new year to all the dear brothers and sisters who have gathered in this gathering. I would like to congratulate all the dear brothers and sisters who have gathered in this gathering.
In fact, this gathering is the example of the Iranian nation. On this day, our dear people from different parts of the world gathered at Abul Hasan al-Ridha (may Allah's favor be upon him) and gathered at the mosque of Abul Hasan al-Ridha (may Allah's favor be upon him) and gathered at the mosque of Abul Hasan al-Ridha (may Allah's favor be upon him) and gathered at the mosque of Abul Hasan al-Ridha (may Allah's favor be upon him) and gathered at the mosque of Abul Hasan al-Ridha (may Allah's favor be upon him) and gathered at the mosque of Abul Hasan al-Ridha (may Allah's favor be upon him).
There are also brothers and sisters from Mashhad.
I would like to congratulate all of you and congratulate all of you.
The Eid of Nurouz for all of us Iranian people and Muslims of other countries is a great opportunity for religious and Islamic movement.
Ayatollah Khamenei believes that it is necessary to benefit from all the opportunities and conditions of life, to achieve human dignity, to achieve divine perfection and to achieve divine progress. We are able to use this opportunity and this time to achieve divine progress. We are able to use this opportunity and this time to promote the Islamic principles and the Islamic principles.
We should tell us the goals of Islam.
In these days, it is a great opportunity to connect with God, listening to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, listening to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
The truth is that during the years when the Islamic Republic was established in Iran and when the Islamic Republic was established in Iran, the people of our country used Norouz to reach God.
The truth is that when you look at the beginning of the new year, you see that the majority of the people are gathering in mosques, mosques, mosques, mosques, mosques and mosques gathering with prayers and prayers.
The meaning of this is that the Iranian nation is trying to benefit from this symbol and religious festivals.
We should take advantage of this example in all matters, and we should use Norouz to increase our knowledge, spirituality, religious and Islamic values.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow success on all of us and the Iranian nation.
Today, during the opportunity of Allah the Exalted, I will discuss three issues.
The first point is about the events that happened in the year 1389. We see that in the year 1389, the Iranian nation and the government acted in different ways. The second point is about the events that happened in the year 1389. The second point is about the events that happened in the year 1389.
The second point is related to the events that are happening in this region, the events that are happening in northern Africa, the events that are happening in northern Africa and the events that are happening in this region. The second point is that the events that are happening in this region are based on the efforts of the enemies of the Islamic Ummah to deny the realities.
Regarding the first point, I would like to say that the year 1389 - which is called "The Year of Unity and Action" - was observed for a long time, and our people in different areas showed their determination and efforts.
The result of this great efforts and efforts will be noticed and appreciated in the future. But in such a view of the year 1389 and the actions of the people with the help of their officials, the actions of the people with the help of their officials, the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the
The same is true of many areas.
We should start with the issue of knowledge and technology.
In the beginning of the year 1389, I had a chance to visit one of the important industries of the country and in the end of Esfand, I had a chance to visit one of the important industries of the country. In the end of Esfand, I had a chance to visit one of the important industries of the country.
I would like to tell you that the progress that has been made in the field of knowledge and technology in the country is more than what people say. I would like to tell you that the progress that has been made in the country is more than what people say.
It has been a very successful movement in different arenas, which is a very successful movement in different arenas. It is a very successful movement in different arenas.
I have read a lesson from a Prophet (s.w.a.) that says: "Knowledge is the power of a nation and a person."
That is to say, knowledge and technology have a similar characteristic.
Today the movement of this country in the arena of scientific and technological advances in most areas, particularly in the new areas.
In different arenas, in the field of biology, in the field of Nanotechnology, in the field of biology, in the field of biology, in the field of biology, in the field of biology, in the field of biology, in the field of human beings, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology - all of these arenas are
I mentioned in my brief message earlier in the day that the country is ahead of most of the world, and that the progress that is made in the country is behind most of the world and that the progress that is made in the country is a reflection of global progress.
There are two important issues in this regard of scientific and technological progress. I would like to discuss these issues.
The first point is that most of the people who work in this arena are young people.
The age of these pioneers is 30 years and they are mostly young and they should be supported by these youth. There are certain pioneers who are active in this arena and they should be supported by these youth.
The second point is that the people who are responsible for these great achievements are very strong. They are very strong.
The main source of power is the power of the people. This is what our country has.
Our teachers are continuing this work with determination and believe that all these activities that are the foundation of the future of our country are necessary. They believe that all those activities that are the foundation of the future of our country are necessary.
The first point in the issue of knowledge, technology, production and distribution of knowledge - which is a very important point - is that the infrastructure of knowledge, technology, production and distribution is a very important point.
This is to say, it is necessary to transform knowledge into a technology, transform it into a technology and turn it into a product that is necessary. It is necessary to transform the knowledge into a product that is necessary.
This brings the path of education to the bottom of the country and fulfills the needs of the people.
The great people of our country should know that all economic analysts - whether their economic view is different from the view of the government, whether their economic view is different from the view of the government, whether their economic view is different from the view of the government.
This is a very difficult task. It is very difficult to enter this arena. It is very difficult to enter this arena.
The work is already started. Thankfully, we have already started this work.
That is to say, the unity between the government and the people is a good unity.
The movement of the people in this arena is very good. The movement of the people in this arena is very good. The movement of the people in this arena is very good.
The main goal of this effort is to divide the power of the government among the people in a fair way.
This is a great step towards achieving social justice.
Another goal is to manage the resources of the country, including water and fuel.
Since two years ago, we have named the year "The Year of Saving the Rights of the Nations". This year, we have named the year "The Year of Saving the Rights of the Nations".
This is one of the methods that we can change the way we use our natural resources. This is one of the methods that we can change the way we use our natural resources.
Throughout the past few months, this project is aimed at increasing the efficiency of the government and increasing the efficiency of the country. This project is aimed at increasing the efficiency of the country.
On the basis of this, the practice of stealing, stealing and destruction of the Holy Quran - which is a divine blessing and which is a divine blessing and which is a great blessing - has fallen significantly higher than the practice of using it.
This is one of the great things that has been achieved and by Allah's favor, the improvement of the economy is one of the things that will be achieved in the future.
Also, one of the things that shows a weakness in the economic arena is to reduce the amount of foreign products that are not refined.
The truth is that over the past few decades our economy has been dependent on oil.
This is a mistake that all the intellectuals of the world are opposed to. They have used this path in our country. We have used this path in our country. We have used this path in our country. We have used this path in our country. We have used this path in our country. We have used this path in our country.
I have said that one of my dreams is to have a day when we can manage our country without buying oil when we need it.
This is not a difficult task. It is not a difficult task.
It is necessary to reduce the amount of fuel consumption that is not fueled by petroleum, which will derail us from our goals.
These great achievements were made in this regard in the year 1389.
Of course, one of the things that ensures a firm and firm economy is that the government is committed to the sanctions imposed by Western powers under the leadership of the United States and the support of certain European governments.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they have been increasing their sanctions on Iran since the beginning of the year 1389.
In their calculations - which is the full text of their calculations - they said that this sanctions within five to six months will destroy the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation. They said that this sanctions within six months will destroy the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
They believe that these sanctions will help the Iranian nation to make things difficult for the Iranian nation. They believe that these sanctions will force the Iranian nation to stand up against the Islamic Republic. They believe that these sanctions will force the Iranian nation to stand up against the Islamic Republic.
They have been prepared to fight against these sanctions and they have been prepared to fight against the enemy.
They failed to achieve their goals through these sanctions.
Today the westerners say that imposing sanctions is not useful.
One of the problems of our work has been this: we have imported oil, but we have imported it from outside.
They say that this is the issue of the collapse of the Islamic Republic, we will not allow it to be exported.
Because of these sanctions, our officials started thinking. They did their efforts and we were not able to enter the country.
This is what I heard from these young youth in my visit to Esfand.
They told me that we want to build this system, we went to the states and said that you are under sanctions, they will not help us. We realized that we are under sanctions. We realized that we are under sanctions, they will not help us.
When we returned home, we thought, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, and we made efforts.
According to the government report, in the year 1389, there were one million and six million jobs, which if this report is true, there were five million more jobs than the expected.
In the arena of building buildings in rural areas, in the arena of building buildings in cities, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, in the arena of building infrastructure, and other such things - all of these things are essential and fundamental.
This is in terms of economic matters.
In other areas, there have been many efforts, but when we are limited to them, we will be limited to them.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said in the year 1389 that this year was a year of sacrifice and labor.
Of course, the year 1389 is not a great year. It is a year of sacrifice and effort. It is a year of sacrifice and effort.
The Iranian nation and all government officials in any position should be diligent and diligent in order to achieve the desired goal of the Iranian nation. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation should be diligent and diligent in order to achieve the desired goal of the Iranian nation.
However, in the view of scientists, the issue of economic matters is more important.
If our great nation achieves a financial victory in the arena of economic growth, this great movement will be accompanied by a future movement that will affect the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation.
What is important in this regard is to achieve the goals outlined in the framework of the five-year framework. That is to say, it is necessary to achieve the goals outlined in the framework of the five-year framework.
The great victory will affect our ability to use our power in the country as well as our ability to use our power in the country.
The past two years, in a new year's speech, I spoke about the issue of hunger and the problems that exist in the economy.
The people should understand these things.
I would like to advise the officials of the country to explain the importance of strengthening economic growth in the country and explaining the importance of strengthening economic growth in the country.
This threat is not something that we want. Islam is not opposed to it.
It is necessary to make the most of their efforts and efforts to achieve the goal of the five-year achievements of the country.
The reduction in the number of unemployment and increasing employment in the country are very important and important.
It is necessary to increase the capacity of the traders to invest in the economy of the country, which is one of the important issues in this regard.
It is necessary to create a framework for laws.
This means supporting development.
That is to say, coral bleaching is one of the essential natural resources, including coral bleaching and water use. Today about a quarter of the coral bleaching is used in the agriculture sector.
You should look at what will happen when the government has the opportunity to restore the drainage system, if the government has the opportunity to restore the drainage system to a minimum of ten per cent of the total amount of this amount.
Among other areas - the domestic sector, the industrial sector, the industrial sector and other areas - about ten per cent of our water is used in these areas. More than half of the water used in these areas is used in these areas.
In fact, the benefits of water in the sector of non-farmers will be doubled to two, which is very important.
The presence of people in the economy is necessary.
If we want to achieve this great economic movement in the country in 1390, there are certain things that should be done.
I will present a list of the needs.
First of all, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the beginning of the Revolution, the Islamic Ummah has continued its progress since the beginning of the Revolution. We have seen this during the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w.a.) Revolution's (s.w
If we have a spirit of jihad in different areas - that is to say, jihad in different areas - that is to say, jihad in different areas. If we have a spirit of jihad in different areas - that is to say, jihad in different areas.
Second, strengthening spirituality and religious faith in the society.
Everyone should know this: establishing religious faith in the country and in the youth, this will help the nation in the affairs of the world.
They should not think that the effect of religious faith on the hearts of young people will not be noticed only in the prayers in the mosques or in the prayers of Juma's prayers.
If youth of a nation are religious, they will be religious. If youth are religious, they will be religious. If youth are religious, they will be religious.
The same is true of economic matters.
Islamic faith plays a very important role.
The next step is to avoid disappointment with the current events. You should look at the issues that are very important. You should look at the issues that are very important. You should take a look at the issues that are very important. You should take a look at the issues that are very important.
This would be like a plane that takes a flight to a particular destination, just like a plane that takes a flight to a particular destination. It would be like a plane that took a flight to a particular destination. It would be like a plane that took a flight to a particular destination.
This is why it is not necessary to put the issues in the arena.
The other option is to preserve the unity and understanding of the country.
The unity that exists today between the people and the officials, the people love their officials, the people trust their officials, the people trust their officials, the people trust their officials, the people trust their officials, the people trust their officials, the people trust their officials, the people trust their officials, and they trust their people.
One of the main threats of the Iranian nation is to create discord in the country. They are accused of ethnocentric, ethnocentric, political, political, political and other matters.
The advantage is that our nation is first.
Everyone who loves the country and appreciates the Islamic system which is a great blessing for the Iranian nation - should establish a shared understanding among them.
The government officials should be vigilant. They should make efforts to ensure that if there is a difference between them - if they believe that there is a difference between them - they should not reveal these differences before the people. They should not reveal these differences before the people.
I would like to congratulate the government officials on this issue.
The most important issue of the world is to resolve it through negotiations. These are not important.
I would like to take a look at this issue. When we have given the name of the year, you can see that the streets of Tehran and other cities have been filled with slogans and slogans.
This does not have any use.
In some cases, it is necessary to spend a lot of money. What is the responsibility that is involved in this?
I hope that people and government officials should listen to this message and make efforts to ensure that it is fully recognized and that they should make efforts to ensure it is fully recognized.
There is no need to do a lot of work that would cost millions of dollars.
Of course, the issue of economic matters that I mentioned does not mean that we should ignore other areas.
In other areas, especially in the field of knowledge and technology, it is necessary to help these youth to achieve great achievements.
However, the events that have taken place in this region - including Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - are very important.
It is a great change in the region of Muslim and Persian Gulf. This is the sign of the Islamic Revolution.
This issue has been repeated for years in the Islamic Republic of Iran, but today it has a number of characteristics. One is the issue of the presence of people and the second is the issue of religious faith.
This is the essential point.
The presence of people in the arena was the same as that happened during the Islamic Revolution.
The organizations, organizations, organizations and organizations who are standing on the streets and in small houses and journalists failed to do anything.
Imam Khomeini's great talent is that he has allowed the people to enter the arena.
Today these things are happening in different countries of the world.
In Egypt or Tunisia, the people entered the arena with their own hands. If they did not, they had always called people. They had always called people. They had always called people. They had always called people.
This is to say, they are the people who entered the arena and their faith and goals are religious.
The Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day, the Holy Prophet's Day and the Holy Prophet's Day.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
What causes them?
In Egypt, in Tunisia, in Tunisia, and in other countries, these rulers and rulers have destroyed people and their dignity.
As a example, the people of Egypt see that the president, in order to fulfill the demands of the Islamic Republic, does the best job.
If Hosni Mubarak does not cooperate with the illegal government of Israel in the killing of Gaza, they will not do anything against the people of Gaza.
But Hosni Mubarak entered the arena, helped, closed the way to return to Egypt.
When he heard that the people of Gaza are moving against the ground, they were moving against the ground, and when he heard that the people of Gaza are moving against the ground, he built a rope that would allow them to carry out their needs, he built a rope that would allow them to carry out their needs.
This is what Hosni Mubarak did.
The same is true of other countries.
As a example, in Libya, even though Gaddafi had expressed his religious beliefs against the Zionist regime, Gaddafi has reiterated his religious beliefs against the Zionist regime, but in recent years he has made a great contribution to the Zionist regime.
The Libyan people saw that from a threat, they saw that from a threat, they took their nuclear weapons and sent them to the people of Libya, and they took their nuclear weapons and sent them to the people of Libya.
You should look at the situation of our nation and they are in a different position.
But the officials of our country are not only aggressive, but they are also aggressive in the face of what the enemies want each year.
The same is true of all the countries in which the people have entered.
This is very important for us.
After these events, they did not understand the issue, they did not know the people, they did not know the people.
Of course, what is expected from America and other countries is the support of colonial powers. They were able to defend Hosni Mubarak until the end of the way they could. But when they realized that they were not able to defend him, they rejected him.
This is a lesson for those who depend on the U.S. to understand that when they have a profit and they do not have a profit, they will not be disappointed with them.
The events that happened to the Islamic Republic and America are not acceptable.
Egypt is one of the pillars of the U.S. colonialism.
But they managed to preserve this foundation to continue their profits.
If the people are first, they can destroy these illusions and destroy these illusions.
The Americans have tried to see until they lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunisia, they should try to defend their government.
In the name of Allah's favor, America will continue to defeat this region.
After they lost their people in these countries, they put two things ahead of themselves: the first is waiting, the second is trying to create a similar situation in certain areas.
That is to say, they were defeated in this effort.
The second point is to implement this. The second point is to implement this. The second point is to promote the events that happened in Egypt, Tunisia, and Libia in other countries.
The main motive is the claim to protect the rights of the people.
The great people of the Iranian nation know that the President of the United States sent a message to the Iranian nation saying that they are supporting you. They claim that they are opposed to the oppressive regime and that they are against the oppressive regime. They claim that they are opposed to the oppressive regime. They claim that they are opposed to the oppressive regime. They claim that they are opposed to the oppressive regime.
They do not only support other nations, but they do not support other nations.
The President of the United States has used billions of dollars to destroy the economy of America. He has used billions of dollars to destroy the economy of America. He has used billions of dollars to destroy the economy of America. He has used billions of dollars to destroy the economy of America. He has used billions of dollars to destroy the economy of America.
He destroys companies, destroys businesses, destroys banks and destroys their wealth. He destroys their wealth. He destroys their wealth and destroys their wealth.
Today the American nation is in a financial crisis and there is no solution.
In addition to prisons and torture camps such as Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, Iraq, and other camps where people are tortured in different areas.
They do not understand these things, they do not understand them.
If the president of the United States knows what he said today?
If he knows the people who are in the arena of his political transition, or if he did not know the people who are in the arena of his political transition?
He added that the people who represent the Azadi (Islamic Republic) of Tehran are the people who represent the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The same is true of the fact that on every 22th of Bahman, the people gather at the Islamic Revolution's Forum, their slogan is "God will save America".
Regarding the events that are happening in this region, the Islamic Republic of Iran is clearly recognized.
Our goal is to support nations and their rights.
This is the fitna of the Islamic Republic. This is the fitna of the Islamic Republic.
Our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our thoughts are these, our thoughts are these, our knowledge is these, our actions are these.
There are two areas that should be considered: the first is Libya, the second is Bahrain.
Regarding the Libya, we are very thankful to the efforts of the Libyan government, the killings of people and the attacks on communities and communities, but the arrival of America, the arrogance of America and other Western countries is very appreciated.
They believe that we are going to Libya to protect people, or to carry out military attacks, this is not acceptable.
If they are genuinely supporting the Libyan people, if they are genuinely supporting the Libyan people, then they are going to shout slogans against the Libyan people.
If you want to help them, you can help them. If you want to help them, you can help them.
However, you are going to look at the killings of people. You are going to look at the killings of people. You are going to look at the killings of people. You are going to establish your position in Libya. You are going to establish your position in Libya. You are going to establish your position in Libya. You are going to establish your position in Libya.
You want to have a place where you can create a space for your efforts to destroy the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps in Egypt and Tunisia. You should be careful about them.
Your goal is a pure desire.
The United Nations, which should be the guardian of the nations, should not be the guardian of these people. It should be the guardian of these people. It should be the guardian of these people.
This is a shame for the United Nations.
The presence of the foreigners, the presence of the Islamic Republic and the presence of the Islamic Republic is not acceptable.
If you want to help the people of the Libyan nation, the path is open. You can help the people, help the people, help the people and help the people solve the problems between Gaddafi and the people of the country. You can help the people and help the people solve the problems between Gaddafi and the people of the country.
The main responsibility of these people is to ensure that each person has a single vote. Is this a great responsibility?
What is the great hope? In Bahrain, there is a fair election in Bahrain, but the people do not have the right to vote in the right way.
The Islamic Republic used this opportunity to raise awareness on the issue of Shia and Sunni issues. They used this opportunity to raise awareness on the issue of Shia and Sunni issues.
Because the people of Bahrain are proud of Shia Muslims, no one has the right to support them.
The newspapers that broadcast the events in this region, but they did not say what is happening in Bahrain and they did not say what is happening in Bahrain.
Then, some people from the Persian Gulf - whether politicians or journalists - came and said that the issue of Bahrain is Shia and Sunni!
This shows that a nation is opposed to the crimes that are committed in Tunisia, Egypt, Libya and Yemen. There is no difference between this and what is happening in Yemen. There is no difference between this and what is happening in Yemen. There is no difference between this and what is happening in Yemen.
The Americans are happy that they have been able to identify this issue as a discord between Shia and Sunni through their media and their propaganda campaigns.
They said that the Iranian nation is supporting the people of Bahrain.
We are proud of all of them.
We have been supporting the people of Palestine. We have been supporting the people of Palestine. We have been supporting the people of Palestine for the past two decades.
Is the people of Palestine Shia Muslims?
Our youth went to the airport to allow them to travel to Gaza!
They are prepared to go to Gaza, fight against Israel.
We said that they should not go.
Our people expressed their support to Gaza, Palestine, Egypt, and Tunisia. They were not Shia.
The issue is not about Shia or Sunni.
Critics try to deny the issue of Bahrain as Shia and Sunni.
The truth is that some people who are suspected of having a bad goal failed.
I would like to tell them that this is not Shia and Sunni affairs. This is not Shia and Sunni affairs. This is not Shia and Sunni affairs. This is not Shia and Sunni affairs.
We do not have any difference between Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
The movement of a nation that promotes Islam and demands freedom will be supported by us.
The great power of America is that they do not see Bahrain and Saudi Arabia’s military presence as a threat to the domestic affairs of the country. But when our teachers, our hopefuls, our prayers, our prayers and our prayers, they said you are threatened.
What is this arrogance in domestic affairs?
When a government, a system of evil propaganda that means that you should not kill innocent people, this is not a threat to domestic affairs. It is a threat to domestic affairs. It is a threat to domestic affairs. It is a threat to domestic affairs. It is a threat to foreign affairs. It is a threat to foreign affairs.
America has a distance of hundreds of kilometers from this region.
Each and every person who does such a thing is wrong.
It is clear that by Allah's favor, there is a new movement in the region.
According to Allah's promise, this movement will be successful.
The Iranian nation is proud of this movement and the Iranian nation is proud of it.
They did not see the Revolution. But if they did not see the Revolution, they did not forget them.
You bestow greetings and blessings on this great nation.
Each day, remember the dignity of the servants of this nation and the movement of Islam and Muslims.
Dear God, make the heart of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) soul happy and happy with us.
In the name of Muhammad and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, make the souls of the martyrs and our Imam (r.a.) believe in us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds. All praise belongs to our Prophet and Prophet (s.w.a.).
I would like to extend my congratulations to the dear brothers and sisters, government officials and dignitaries of the country. I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow this blessing on you all.
We are thankful to Allah the Exalted for giving us a year to gather and organize a meeting that is full of hope and enthusiasm to discuss the important issues of the country and to speak about certain things.
I would like to divide my thoughts into three parts: the first part is a thought that I was the most sensitive and sensitive person in the world. The second part is a thought that I was the most sensitive person in the world, which we hope will be achieved through the Holy Quran's Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
The second point, which should be considered by Allah's favor, will take a look at the events that are happening in our neighboring countries and the events that are happening in this region.
The late Hajj Mirza Jawad Agha Maliki Tabrizi - a divine scholar and scholar - in his book, ‘Al-Murakabat’ says: "Being a divine blessing is the divine blessing that Allah the Exalted has given to his servants and believers."
The Holy Quran says: "Azinishing is not a reward, but a reward that is necessary for God."
The most important aspect of these qualities is that this determination and sincerity creates a sense of self-sacrifice in the heart of a person. This determination and self-sacrifice creates a sense of self-sacrifice in the heart of a person.
This is one of the things that leads to the truth, truth and truth. We should think about our life. We should think about our life. We should think about our life. We should think about our life. We should think about our life. We should think about our life.
The age of each individual is the main currency of each individual.
Everything is possible through this life - which is the time of the day - which is the time of the day - which is the time of the day - which is the time of the day - which is the time of the day and the time of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
We should think about this life and how the years are going.
We should know how our days and nights are going.
We should look at the way life is going. "Our life is like a coral covered in the sun."
In fact, this currency is moving, but this currency is all for us, all for us, all for us to achieve divine happiness.
How do we use it, how do we use it and how do we use it?
The moment when the soul of a person enters the world, the moment when the soul of a person enters the world and speaks to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the
When will we feel at that time? What will our heart become at that time? These are the things that we should think about.
Another point that I think is this prayer.
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran,
This is why these prayers are very important.
The following is the seventh prayer in the Sahifat al-Sajjadiya, which is the most famous prayer in the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran.
The Holy Quran says: "Allah, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) household, make me proud of Muhammad and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, make me proud of Allah's (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household) household (s.w.a.) household) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household) household (s.w.a.) household) household (s.w.a.)
What is it means that you have treated me with the kindness of the devils and the enemies of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household?
The first of these things is that we can establish justice in the society. We can establish justice in the society. The first of them is that we can establish justice in the society. Justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic, justice in the Islamic Republic and justice in the Islamic Republic.
Fear of God is one of the foundations of this fear.
In a situation when a person is a religious person, a person who is not a public duty, a person who is not a public duty, a person who is not a public duty, a person who is not a public duty, a person who is not a public duty, a person who is not a public duty, a person who is not a public duty, a person who is not a public duty, a person who is a public duty, a person who is a public duty.
When you shout against a group or a group and say certain things, the effect of your shout against a group or a group that has no responsibility to kill a person is not one.
We should not make a mistake. We should not make a mistake.
You bestow mercy and arrogance on us in our affairs...(4)".
In the face of hate speech.
It is necessary to destroy this atmosphere.
These are the reasons why we are constantly asking our brothers, officials, those who promote their speech in the country, to those who promote their speech in the country, to those who promote their speech in the country, to those who promote their speech in the country, to those who promote their speech in the country. This is because this is the reason.
In certain cases, a speech does not only destroy the atmosphere but it also increases its power.
We should try to get them to the right place. We should not allow our actions, our behaviors, our actions and our actions to derail the people who are behind the road and prevent them from faith in this path.
We should not divide the people who are opposed to this system.
If there is a difference between the people, we should try to separate them.
When a government official does a good job, try to explain this.
We have spoken many times about this issue.
This is a part of this prayer. There are about a few hundred topics, but I am talking about six topics. I am talking about six topics.
We would like to pray to Allah the Exalted to make us proud of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
This is a part of the fear of God.
This is the first point that I want to speak about.
Second, a general view of the situation of the country.
The report that the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Republic issued is a very important report. There are many important points that are covered in the report. I would like to say that this report will reach the hearts of the people who know what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made, what efforts have been made and what efforts have been made.
I would like to discuss some aspects of the situation of the country, which is very important for us.
What makes it important?
First of all, understanding the situation of the country and how we should go and where we should go, is very important. But today it is very important. It is very important. It is very important.
First of all, the situation of this region is very strange.
The greatness of Islam and the great achievements that have been made in this region is a very significant event since the beginning of the Revolution. It has been a great event since the beginning of the Revolution. It has been a great event since the beginning of the Revolution.
When a nation like the Islamic Ummah makes a great movement, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, threatening the Zionist regime and threatening the Zionist regime against the situation of the region, all these things are very valuable.
It is in such a situation that we have found ourselves in this situation. This is a great situation for the Islamic Republic.
The economic crisis that has been faced by the arrogant powers of the Islamic Republic is a great issue. It is a great issue. It is a great issue that cannot be solved in a short time.
The remarks that you hear from Western countries about the economic situation of America and other Western countries and expressing their hopes about futures are part of this issue. They do not say anything.
Political organizations, political analysts and those who manage to manage the events in the most important countries of the world - which are mostly in the hands of the media - do not want the world to understand the realities of this issue. They do not want the world to understand the realities of this issue. They do not want the world to understand the realities of this issue.
If there is enough time to discuss this issue, I would like to raise a few points on this issue, in the hopes of Allah's favor.
The same is true of the emergence of anti-terrorism in western countries, particularly in Europe. From the Nazis of the UK to the new Nazis of the UK, the new Nazis of the UK and the new Americans who were determined to determine the future of the U.S. government.
He later attacked two Muslim countries.
There are some things that they want to do, but Allah the Exalted did not allow them to do so.
This is a very important point.
This happened in Norway should not be considered a difficult event. This happened in Norway should not be considered a difficult event.
This is why we should look at ourselves and see that we are in a different situation.
If we fail to understand this opportunity and if we fail to use it properly, if we fail to use it properly, if we fail to use it properly, if we fail to use it properly, we will be defeated.
In some cases, refusing to accept a opportunity is a threat, a threat.
It is necessary to look at the events that are happening in the country with this viewpoint.
However, what we should do is to look at the truth. We are good people and we are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people. We are good people.
In newspapers and other media, this is the case.
When someone asks you why you said this, they say you are not going to tell us the realities.
Therefore, we want to tell the truth. We want to tell the truth. We want to tell the truth.
I have seen about a few newspapers every day.
Some of these newspapers each day have a series of stories that each one of them makes the heart of a painful person.
We are not accused of anybody, but this is a true fact.
This is the case.
It is necessary to compare the weakness of the body with the weakness of the body.
It is necessary that all those things that the government can do and those that fail to do should be shared together.
If we want to understand the realities of the country, we should leave the weakness and the strength.
Today I will briefly explain this issue, but there is a need for concrete actions in this regard.
These good things will show us the opportunities and opportunities that we have in this country.
These weak areas will show us what we should do and what we should do. These areas will show us what we should do and what we should do.
When we put these things together, it will help us identify what we should do.
I have written about five or six things that have been continued throughout the past 30 years. I have written about five things that have been continued throughout the past 30 years. I have written about these things. I have written about these things. I have written about these things. I have written about these things. I have written about these things. I have written about these things. I have written about these things. I have written about these things.
First of all, the advantages and powers of the system that is guaranteed by the system are the victory and resistance against different threats. This is very important.
Throughout the past two decades, we have faced different kinds of threats - political, security, and economic threats - and the goal of these threats is to destroy this system.
In fact, they want to establish a government, but this is not easy for them, they want to derail the system, destroy the country.
This system was successful in all these threats.
Some of these things are designed by foreigners, such as the issue of the sanctions.
They have been imposed on the country for years, but they have continued to impose sanctions for years, and they have repeatedly said that they are a violation of sanctions.
These sanctions have been imposed on us by the United Nations - which is the right to enforce these sanctions. These sanctions have been imposed on us by the United Nations, which is the right to enforce these sanctions.
That is to say, they are connected to the foreigners.
However, there are some threats that have been posed by the enemy because the enemy used to use these threats as a example. However, the enemy used these threats as a example. Today the different ethnic groups of the country are living together with each other. Today they are living with each other.
In my opinion, this is one of the strengths that we have.
We should pay attention to this issue when we analyze the power of this system.
This system, without international support and without the support of international powers, which has faced different kinds of threats over the past two decades, has responded to all these threats. This is very important.
In my opinion, this is the first step of power of this system.
Second: the unity between the people and government.