The Leader of the Islamic Revolution congratulated all Iranians on the occasion of the auspicious Eid al-Adha in the region, particularly in the presence of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Amiral of the Islamic Revolution (Ayatullah Seyyed Ali Khamenei), on the occasion of the auspicious Eid al-Adha.
The full text of the message is as follows:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In these days, particularly during the winter months when the Middle East and North Africa are in a bitter and difficult situation with increased unemployment and an increase in the number of unemployments due to the presence of restrictions in the region and the failure of international organizations to address local needs, has left millions of innocent women and children in danger.
Therefore, and by relying on the attention of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps which is serving and assisting the oppressed people of DAESH, the Islamic Republic of Iran calls on Muslim nations to help the oppressed people of Syria through this humanitarian gesture.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Khamenei said that masallaci should remain a basic principle in all cities and villages. He further reiterated: "If masallaci stays at its current position in the future, the material and religious responsibility that has been placed on the shoulders of other people and government officials will be minimized."
The following is the full text of this message issued on October 26, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In its totality, the movement of the human beings towards God is the manifestation of all good deeds and divine blessings. By Allah's favor, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) is the manifestation of all these blessings.
The divine messengers sent their angels to reveal the greatness of the human being and to save him from harmful dreams and illusions.
In the morning and in the evening, it is a blessing and a sanctuary for human beings to freedom from the illusions of lack of vigilance. to enlighten their hearts and souls with the light of sincerity before God and to cast their light on their reflection.
As long as prayers and fasting have had their roots in a religious and social environment, Islamic power has been expressed in the Islamic jurisprudence in different ways.
The Holy Quran is the manifestation of such unity.
The practice of sitting in the sun in the morning and in the evening is a source of many divine blessings and a source of strong spirituality for believers and believers.
The effect of religious faith on the ground is increased with the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and Prophetic enthusiasm, and the effect of religious faith, morality and other such things on the political issue makes it completely appropriate for a person to have a sincere and happy heart and to have a righteous and egalitarian view of life.
This is the direction that should be adopted by the Islamic Ummah towards the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
The spiritual well-being of the Lord of the Martyrs increases the brightness of the sun and the power of waving.
All wherever there are spiritual principles, monotheism is the main pillar.
The mosque should remain a prominent figure in all cities and villages, in schools and universities, in the areas of social activities, in the areas of transportation, in the areas of handicrafts and machinery, in all areas.
The Islamic Ummah should behave in a firm, appropriate, timely and avoidance of uproar.
The management of monotheism which is led by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) should be accompanied by wisdom, morality and spirituality as well as with enthusiasm.
If Muslims manage to achieve this position at the right time, material and spiritual obligations will be taken care of by Allah the Exalted and those who are in charge of the affairs of the Ummah, people and government officials.
We wish to have this day and to offer our greetings to the Imam of the Age (God’s greetings be upon him and may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).

11, October, 2011.
The Leader Meets with Khaled Meshaal - Khamenei.ir The Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 29, 2010 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the negotiations between the two countries and reiterated: "There are many resources and capacities for strengthening relations between the two countries in different areas, particularly in the area of economy and defense. Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen this capacity especially in the area of economy and defense."
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the recent events in Lebanon and added: "If the Zionist regime can resist, it could force the people of Lebanon to retreat to Tarabulus and kill Syria.
I hope Allah the Exalted will manage to do what is necessary in order to achieve this goal.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution stated that Lebanon is the only country in the world that has managed to successfully defeat the Zionist regime.
Therefore, we should appreciate its greatness.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "As long as the existence of the Zionist regime is prevalent, the situation of Lebanon is prevalent.
Ayatollah Khamenei stated that he is satisfied with the strength of the ties between Sa'ad Hariri and Sayyed Hassan Nasrullah (leaders of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps), and other officials in the Islamic Republic of Lebanon.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic of Iran is committed to the unity and freedom of the Palestinian nation.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the meetings held in the year 1388 by President Rafik Hariri the previous prime minister of the Libyan Armed Forces. He expressed his appreciation for the efforts made by the Libyan Armed Forces in the progress of the country.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution congratulated the Leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran on the visit and added: "We are indebted to Labanon and the people of Lebanon which have been together during difficult times."
The Prime Minister of the Libyan government added: "The government of the Libyan government hopes that the relations between the two countries will be strengthened on all fronts, including economic, political and cultural matters."
The Prime Minister of Lebanon, Saad Hariri, reiterated that the government of the Lebanon is a unified state and added that any current discord among the people of Lebanon will be thwarted by the Zionist regime.
The meeting was presided over by Ayatollah Sayyed Ali Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, and Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
After exilelling for a long time and refusing to return to Saudi, the Iranian pilgrims are now benefitting from the bilateral agreements between the two countries, that belong to the Islamic Republic and the U.S.
Ayatollah Taskhiri is the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps in this regard.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution addresses the hajj pilgrims each year with a message to their families and tells them about the important issues of the Islamic Ummah throughout the world.
The philosophy behind this message is, of course, the same.
In order to answer this question, first of all, it is necessary to clarify certain points.
First of all, the hajj, which is a core of Islamic worship, has several great goals.
In the Holy Quran, the main purpose of the hajj is to ‘alakanta the Islamic Ummah and the Holy Prophet’s (s.w.a.) movement in the history of the Holy Prophet’s (s.w.a.) household.
The Holy Quran clarifies the meaning of each of these lokus: ‘God willing,’ ‘God willing,’ and ‘God willing,’ all these lokus are related to the path of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) until the time when the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) was born in the city of Abraham.
He said, “I am the President of the people.
He said: “Our hearts are with you,” He was the full statement of the salihai.
The second purpose of the hajj is to raise the human beings to the status of their natural and divine origins. This is achieved through the formation of the Islamic Republic and the establishment of the Islamic Republic of Iran. The Islamic Republic of Iran has clarified the goals of the hajj which are related to several other issues.
This shows the identity of the people and the importance of unity of the Islamic Ummah.
The message that was recited by our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (may God hasten his re-appearance) was related to the hajj.
In terms of the philosophy behind this message – which is what I asked you about – and the reason why the Islamic Republic and its government officials and executive officials are so embarrassed by this issue, they believe it is the duty to organize labor and society.
The hajj means the beginning of a national movement.
He adds: "The Islamic Republic has declared that the hajj is the Islamic Republic's flag." What is the meaning of Islamic slogan?
It means that the Army is present on the scene and it is moving forward steadily.
Therefore, the annihilation of hajj and re-appearance to the ruh of hajj is one of the lofty goals of the Islamic Republic.
This is why Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is sought-after in the statements of his administration and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution focused his attention on this issue.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) did not mention all the aspects of the hajj to our society. No, I really do not know how to appreciate the greatness of this message.
There are independent media networks which broadcast and organize the work of these people, but they do not realize the significance and importance of this message.
All the media, including the Iranian government, should pay attention to this issue. They should place all their power and capability into the service of delivering these messages to all parts of the world in order to achieve the desired goal.
It is necessary to make efforts in this regard.
In any case, this is not the case. This is the government of Saudi Arabia who is issued a notice.
It is already the 13th of Aban when a message is issued to people on a daily basis.
But after the conflict – which is the main reason why the Iranian nation has been deprived of the opportunity to go to hajj - a short-term agreement was reached after negotiations which I used to call negotiations.
The two sides of the agreement said that from that time to the next day, there would be a meeting in Makka, but that the day of Arafah – the tara of Eid al-Adha – it was arranged, the caravans rushed, alhazers participated in a great rally to read the message of the Leader.
The same is true of Du’a Kumeyl agreements that were previously signed in another meeting. This is one more agreement, after all the hardships.
We know that the hajj is for Muslim nations.
And what was the effect of this sako on the action?
First of all, the Iranian nation is among the most populist countries in the world.
The second point is that the message was repeated in different places during the hajj and in Mina. And the third point is that the message was delivered by all hajjis during the hajj and in another place during the hajj and was signed by all hajjis as the Revolution's Message.
I would like to address this issue in a different way in order to give rise to an enlightened spirit in the hearts of Muslim nations. In the same way, all the arrogant powers of the world and the governments of the Muslim world are trying to deny the existence of this sako.
For example, in one of the most important newspapers in the world, the Zionist elements used to deny the Iranian journalists their allegiance to the newspaper, creating problems for them.
The same has already happened to other people in Yau Ma Tei.
The Zionist regime is trying to prevent this transmission.
The Saudi government is not only helping to promote this message, but it has also denied it’s message to some people for years. Similarly, it has arrested people.
Of course in recent years they have made a lot of efforts to counter this statement, but they have focused their efforts on deceiving the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and causing him to interpret the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) words in a different way.
We sometimes make a lot of money in foreign currency markets, but we are not always available.
The other reason is that many of our journalists are un trustworthy or undocumented and that there is a shortage of lawyers.
I have been injured even by Muslims.
A lot of us are suffering from this, but as I said, we are suffering from.
A man killed his older brother in an open street with a nine-inch fish knife that penetrated his lungs.
It is the Islamic Ummah who is represented by the hajj pilgrims.
The discourse that is prepared for this meeting is, in fact, the representative of the people of the Islamic Ummah.
It is necessary to watch these things.
He followed his lead.
The things that are prohibited from practicing philosophy and spirituality are among the things that are taught and praised by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I would like to take a look at the speech delivered on October 14, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with you dear youth.
If you look at the letters of the Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) during the hajj, you will see that the first point that is highlighted in this message is the issue of the hajj.
These are the goals that the message of the Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) wants to achieve during the hajj.
As an example, the hajj can be used to highlight the weakness of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point that the hajj enjoys is that it promotes an Islamic slogan.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the hajj is the “guardian of the public movement” His Eminence said that this message “is an accurate representation of the significance of Islam on political fronts.”
If we pay attention to the hajj pilgrimage, one of them is the dawafin of the House of God.
That is to say, all people are committed to sharia and divine guidance.
The first point that is mentioned in this message is the significance of the hajj in the history of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is the effect of the hajj on the individual and social characteristics of the people.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used to say this in all his messages.
Of course, from the beginning to the end of the hajj, it is necessary to pay attention to the issue of sincerity and benefit from the opportunities that have been created in the holy places that are close to the hajj.
The third point â€“ which is related to Islam and the issue of Ghadir â€“ is the requirement for this message.
And this is another example of Islam’s efforts to solve the problems of humanity.
The next point is the issue of Islamic unity, which is really the main pillar of this unity. According to the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the secret behind the strength of Islamic unity is the issue of insistence on Islamic Awakening.
In this message, we make efforts to advance Islamic Awakening and promote Islam.
The strength of this unity is demonstrated by the presence of the elements that form the foundation of this unity: for example, the identical clothes, the identical height, the same clothes, the same clothes, the same positions, the same positions and the same standards.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Ka’bah is the manifestation of monotheism and the symbol of unity.
The greatness of the Islamic Ummah depends on the material, spiritual, national and cultural characteristics of its population. They consider the Muslim Ummah as powerful an obstacle in the way of the enemies' movement.
Their enmity towards the arrogant powers is one of the important characteristics of the disgraceful moves that the arrogant powers of the world are making.
The following is the full text of the discourse that the arrogant powers of the world are holding up against the Islamic Ummah and the reasons behind this great crime.
Their efforts are focused on highlighting and highlighting the important issues of the Islamic Ummah. They have hadashed the issues raised by the enemies of the Iranian nation and their efforts are focused on spreading ethnic hatred, corruption, and propaganda against the Islamic Ummah.
The threats that emerged after the September 11 attack, the Leader explains.
And with the victory of the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Awakening, the spiteful enemies of the world of Islam managed to make up for the spiteful wishes of the world of Islam. Therefore, the enemy has started a campaign against the Islamic Ummah and its fasade.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution met today with a group of anti-human, anti-human, supporting terrorism, corruption and rule of law in Islamic countries. One of the important points is to raise the issue of the regional takfirism and eliminating the hajj pilgrimage which is one of the goals of this great movement.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 14, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the aim of holding a meeting with the world's arrogant powers and expressing our opposition to global arrogance.
And what are the effects of these things in other countries?
Is there a difference between Muslims and non-Muslims?
I have spoken to and organized many meetings and conferences in which I participate, mostly in the meetings of our government officials, particularly in the meetings of our foreign policymakers and activists, and many of them have pointed to this issue and made good points in response to these sakonni.
That is to say, we are in a position to confront the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household when he is presented with the opportunity to converse with the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household when he is presented with the opportunity.
The issue of diplomacy is central in the world, and the countries that are speaking to the people are speaking to them.
It is possible to present the hajj as one of the pillars of the Islamic Republic's diplomacy and as a means to confront the uprisings of the Revolution?
Of course, one of the greatest examples of this kind of publicity is the speech delivered by the Imam and His Eminence [refers to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household].
One of the ways to strengthen the hajj and to respond to the efforts that are made to divert the attention of the hajj from the main manifestation of the hajj and the great role that it plays in the life of Muslims, is to recite verses which have a deep impact on the person who recites them.
The problem that many of the hajj pilgrims are faced with is that they are trying to go to different places, go to different places, but fail to realize what the hajj ceremony is about.
We have a narration that says, "Even though the hajj will be continued with a hajj pilgrimage "starting from zero, the hajj pilgrimage will be continued with a hajj pilgrimage until the hajj pilgrimage is not finished, the hajj will be continued with a hajj pilgrimage until the pilgrimage is finished and the pilgrimage will be continued with a pilgrimage until the pilgrimage is finished, the pilgrimage will be continued with a pilgrimage until the pilgrimage is finished and the pilgrimage will be continued with a pilgrimage until the pilgrimage is finished."
We hope that the people of Najaf will make efforts so that the hajj ceremony and the unity of the hajj pilgrimage promoted by the hajj pilgrims can be a role model for the Islamic Ummah.
Leader's Speech to Shia and Sunni Muslims in Kermanshah - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 12, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Shia and Sunni religious scholars of Kermanshah province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and blessings and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and pure household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
It is those who are afraid of Allah's invasion and are afraid of Him, and are afraid of Allah's invasion. And Allah is the Exalted who is afraid of him. [The Holy Quran, 33: 39] These are the people who are afraid of Allah's invasion.
It is one thing to see the honorable teachers who are rendering services in different sectors of the country and the honorable youth who have laid down their lives in the arena of religious training and in pursuance of religious knowledge.
The dear brothers and sisters, the dear youth, the dear graduates and the honorable teachers of this province as well as the Sunni and Shia religious scholars who have attended this meeting have thanked me for their efforts.
I have pointed out a few points that I would like to discuss, but before discuss the points I have to say, I deem it necessary to remember the memory of that great scholar, who was martyred on the martyrdom anniversary of Imam Burujerdi (a.s.) during his lifetime in Karbala and received epaulets for his martyrdom.
I was able to meet him in his home in Kermanshah two days ago.
The same is true of Yazd's meetings that we have had in different meetings - the meetings that we have arranged in the meetings of the clergymen of the province and the meetings that have been arranged in Islamabad.
The summit was organised under the chairmanship of the Iraqi Armed Forces and we were part of the event.
The characteristics of a great man are his capabilities.
“And Allah the Exalted has bestowed His blessings on him. At the end of a life, He will be made free and will be martyred in the near future.
I have said many times that martyrdom is a business and that it has a great riba.
In no particular order, life will come to an end when "whoever shall see the reward of his life." Of course, it will not end in "Everyone's rai shall see the reward." Of course, it will not end in "Everyone's rai shall see the Lord of the Age." Of course, it will not end in "Everyone's rai shall see the Lord of the Age." Of course, it will not end in "Everyone's rai shall see the Lord of the Age." Of course, it will not end in "Everyone's lives will see the Lord of the Age." Of course, it will not end in "Everyone's lives will see the Lord of the Age." Of course, it will not end in "Everyone's lives will see the Lord of the Age." Of course, it will not end in "Everyone's lives will see the Lord of the Age."
We are far more excited than we used to be excited by the fact that one relies on God and spends his life on His blessings.
In the Book of Tauba, which is the Holy Quran, Allah the Exalted is bestowed on believers, and it is the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) who is the bestowed.
In this province, our late marigayi Hajj Sheikh Agha Baha'uddeen Mohammadi Araki was one of the people who was martyred in that province.
The late Agha Hajj Baha was also a follower of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and one of our friends in Qom.
Allah's grace be upon these two martyrs.
It is necessary to remember the late Mr. Hajj Sheikh Agha Mujtaba Hajj Akhund, who was one of our enthusiastic students at our Hujjatiya University. He was a faithful, sincere, and honest man.
Allah's grace be upon him.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before being elected President, I paid a 3 hour visit to Kermanshah. I visited his house and was able to see his progress and actions.
The following year, after the re-appearance of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), he took over as Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
I need him to write down the narration in which he says, "Anyone who has been appointed as the leader of a society should first educate himself before he can educate himself."
He wrote a good article and I attached it to another article I have written before him.
This is the problem with the economy.
Dear youth, dear brothers and sisters, we just need to have a platform where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we can be present and where we want us to be present and where we want us to be present and where we want us to be present and where we want us to be present and where we
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) mentions: "And we are afraid of Allah among the servants." The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) is a prominent characteristic of teachers.
The teachers had certain advantages, but they were worshiped by Allah the Exalted.
The characteristic of knowledge is that one can obtain such a great blessing and cast doubts on God's promise.
Therefore, it is necessary to develop such a talent. You dear youth can play a role in this regard. When you are young, if a person does not do good at the beginning of his life, he will not benefit from it. If a person does not do good at the end of his life, he will be disgraced.
The kind of life that will be guaranteed will be better than the kind of life that will be guaranteed by the Islamic Republic, and it will not be comparable to the kind of life that would be guaranteed by the Shah.
You should know that the gap between the past 30 years and the present 20 years is far deeper. Compared to the gap in the past 30 years, the gap between the past and the future is far more significant.
When a person grows up, he suddenly realizes that it is time to grow old.
If we can do something on the basis of this principle, then we can do something on the basis of this principle. If we can do something on the basis of this principle, then we should do something on the basis of this principle.
I strongly call the dear graduates to self-sacrifice, piety, fear of God and making efforts to be close to God, which is the main pillar of their work. I kira them to self-sacrifice and make efforts in the name of Allah, which is the main pillar of their work.
If a nation can obtain knowledge but fails to benefit from God's blessings, it may become inefficient and possibly harmful.
We have a teacher - a non-religious and non-religious teacher - who is not only a source of knowledge but also a source of wealth.
This spirit of spiritual intercession and closeness to God is something that is necessary and fundamental for both the scholars and teachers.
The city of Kermanshah is a very important city.
As Mr. Ulama said at a different stage in the past, Kermanshah had many religious families. The families of Al Agha, the families of Jalili, and the other religious families that had many religious families are Kermanshah's home, not just one, two, or three people.
The other point that I would like to discuss is that Kermanshah's people are very kind, kind and sympathetic to the people of Kermanshah. Kermanshah's people have a certain history in this regard. Kermanshah's people used to be kind, kind and sympathetic to the people of Kermanshah during different eras.
The late Prophet, Muhammad Ali (may God hasten his re-appearance), with the help of Wahid Bahbahani, the great son of his father, left Kermanshah and moved to Medina.
The fact that he did not have to be named does not mean that he cannot be named, but rather a symbol. And as a symbol, he has been named after the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
He was also in the class of teachers.
This is one example.
A similar example is the late Agha Seyyed Hossein Haeri, who was martyred in 1977.
I have to think of a few things about him.
The following is the full text of the poem by Agha Sayyed Mohammad Isfahani, the daughter of Agha Sayyed Mohammad Isfahani, and the sister of Akhund da Mulla Bozorgi, who came from Iraq, and was stationed in Kermanshah.
He used to insult unity in Isfahan.
He was faithful in Allah's promises and rewards.
He was also among the companions of Akhund Mulla Fat'ali Sultan Abadi, who was governor of Samarra.
The same is true of the Kabuli scholar.
The book that has been published in the world has been an outstanding and good book. I have been familiar with this book since a long time ago.
It was about 30 years ago that Kermanshah used to be the capital of Iran.
I have said in this book that when the hajj pilgrims of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household (may God hasten his re-appearance), Hajj pilgrims of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household go to Kermanshah, the birthplace of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
Agha Husain Kummi, a Marja'i and a professor, says that it is about time to get married. "It is about two years now that the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) has announced he has been married to me and has handed over my hand to the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and I have handed over my hand to him and he has handed over my hand to the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and I have given him my hand.
The lesson is that it is necessary to become familiar with the meaning of saba'in in the hajj ceremonies which is performed on the occasion of Norouz and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Hajj.
This is not to say that it is a great achievement or a great achievement for a great teacher.
We should learn from these things. You dear youth should follow this path.
The man, the Kabul man, was a respected Indian man, and he went to India. From India he went to Najaf, then to Kermanshah and was finally sent to Kermanshah.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 14, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the people of Kermanshah province.
The late Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani is one of the teachers who were martyred in this province.
This building has certain characteristics, which show that the hearts of the people are close to religious teachings.
When a person finds a talent and becomes aware of his talent, they will be able to promote his talent in a way that other people cannot do so in their city.
The late Marigayi Ashrafi was a Isfahan man, but he was after Kermanshah. He was after Kermanshah.
This is what I said - that is to say, the preparedness of the Army and the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution.
I want to discuss a few points.
The dear teachers, the dear youth and the great personalities
This is due to two reasons. First, the widespread spread of Islamophobia in the world - both in Muslim countries and non-Muslim countries - which I will discuss briefly later on.
Therefore, the tree will grow.
Today, you are in such a situation.
“So they are afraid of each other’s face, and they are afraid of all kinds of worshiping.
You should not feel fearful of doing something, nor should you feel fearful of the consequences that are on the path.
This is not to say that there are no wahalhalus, because there are no wahalhalus. But feel compassionate about these wahalhalus.
You should not do something that people cannot do.
Is this something unheard of in Iran?
In a situation in which everybody is in the same situation, they will spend the night and day in the middle of the night and they will not have a role in assigning days or nights when they should be in the middle of the night.
This is not new. But it has become quite a thing of the past.
This is while some of our activists are saying that they are not going to do anything.
The late Ayatollah Talabani told me that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) should not go back and say, "It is necessary to defeat Shah" Ayatollah Milani." Ayatollah Talikani told me that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) should not go back and say "It is necessary to defeat Shah".
I don't think that he can be defeated.
He said that he had told us this.
The Imam (r.a.) said that he would be defeated by the Shah if no one trusted him, but he was defeated.
It was not just the Shah who was defeated, but America and the west too were defeated. They were defeated as well as the arrogant powers and arrogant hegemons of the world.
There was nobody who believed this, but there was nobody who believed it.
There is no doubt that the great revolution in the Islamic world will happen in Egypt, Egypt in which Camp Dabid has signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Hosni Mubarak.
The Islamic Revolution happened in Egypt, but nobody thought of Egypt. The Revolution happened in Egypt.
These are some of the things that should be preserved in our hearts.
We should move forward gradually, and we should try hard to speed this progress.
You should invest in a good way and build your business with your family members so that you can benefit from them.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used to say, "And Allah is the Exalted, and He has been the Exalted." They used to say, "And Allah is the Exalted."
In the Name of Allah, the Exalted, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) will be the Holy Prophet of Nigeria (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.) will be the Holy Prophet of Nigeria (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.) will be the Holy Prophet of Nigeria (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.) will be the Holy Prophet of Nigeria (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.) will be the Holy Prophet of Nigeria (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.) will be the Holy Prophet of Nigeria (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.).
This is our path.
I would like to raise a young child and introduce him to the concept of "who is the representative of Allah". "God is the representative of Allah, and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) is the representative of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
Allah the Exalted said, "We have come to punish every one of the prophets and each one of them is a son of wolves." Allah the Exalted said, "They are like those who We have made to punish every one of the prophets and each one of them is a son of wolves." Allah the Exalted said, "They are like those who are making use of all their power." Allah the Exalted says, "They are like those who are making use of all their power."
And if you do not do what God has ordered, do not let them do what they are doing" [The Holy Quran, 6:112] and 13: 119] And if they do not do what God has ordered, they will be defeated.
Therefore, if you and I think that we are going to announce the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) call to divine blessings, we will be faced with a divine threat in the face of satanic individuals and people.
Their attacks will bring about problems and we will be in a dire situation.
In the spiritual sense of the word, we should create a strong and permanent wall against ourselves - that is to say, our wall of faith and resistance - so that we are able to achieve victory over our oppressors and are defeated.
The humiliation and anger of a person depends on the level of badges and corruption of his badges.
The bad habit of a person is that which causes him to be a shank in the mouth.
If you do not have discipline in your heart, no one will be able to defeat you.
The foundations on which should build your hearts be based on faith in God and trust in God's guidance and assistance: "So, faithful and faithful shall be able to trust in God, and faithful will be able to rely on Him."
The Holy Quran 39: 36-37 teaches us a lesson which is a lesson for us.
We should learn from the Holy Quran and Quranic verses. We should recite verses as a lesson and make them part of our daily life.
This modern evil - that is to say, the internet, the social media and other modern means of communication - has some meanings.
I have a similar case in which a man killed his older brother in an open street with a nine-inch fish knife that penetrated the brother's lungs.
These are often contradictory reports. In some Islamic countries, for example, Shia and Sunni pilgrims are brutally killed for taking sides at public gatherings in support of Shia Islam.
In this regard, they would also like to take a Shia tourist who had paid a Shia visa to go and visit their Shia village. They would also like to take a look at the allegations of Aisha, who was allegedly married to Shia Muslims and was proud of being a woman.
These are the paths that they are pursuing.
This is because causing problems is a great blessing for them.
I would like to tell you that in my province, Shia and Sunni Muslims live together peacefully.
This is how Shia and Sunni should organize their meetings. They should identify each other's disagreements and discuss them.
We have issues to discuss among them.
As long as you can live in a comfortable relationship, but at the same time, you should be careful about your duties.
If they want to do research, they should do it themselves; if not, they are not, they are not, so I am.
I believe in religious and philosophical differences. If they want to have a discussion on Islamic and philosophical differences between scholars and teachers, they can bring them to the meeting and they will not have any problems with that, but I do not believe that it is necessary to have a discussion on these differences between scholars and teachers.
But in addition to these things, there are other things that have also been discussed. There is a type of cancer which has a maganiculate effect.
Mr. Shia has the greatest voice in his people and Mr. Sunni has the best voice in his people. They should use this power to magnify the problems of their people and turn their backs on the issues that they have raised in their communities.
Today there are some people who are in the grip of the Islamic Armed Forces and they do not want to call themselves Muslims.
The existence of such a disaster in the Islamic Ummah should not be underestimated.
Therefore, the new rubanyan, which we have published, contains all these points.
One and another point is the issue of education.
I have heard that there are some Kermanshah students who are studying in Qom and they have come to Qom and they are willing to stay there and if they do not return, they can go to Qom and go to different cities and villages.
Therefore, the issue of knowledge is very important.
Of course in order to obtain knowledge, there is the issue of publicity and sako [wax] which is very important.
It is a loudspeaker that I listen to during the worship ceremony and after a while it does not appear to me, I was not able to find it in the worship ceremony.
After a while I found him, I asked him, "Who are you?" He said, "In one case, in one of the areas that are under the nine states, Khorasan is located. So what's going on?" I asked him, "Who are you?" He said, "I do not have any role to play".
This is the understanding of the speaker.
Today, look at the young generation's education video.
In your city of Kermanshah, the people who have attended this meeting have a lot of things to say.
It was a fact that until a certain time, no one had said such things.
When the Revolution victorious, the people of Kermanshah and those who have studied thehletics and universities will not be dissatisfied with this fact.
But the enemy's hands are dirty and boneless.
These youth are faced with different propaganda and different questions. There are different questions about these youth.
It is necessary to identify the questions that they ask and to answer them appropriately. From there you should move ahead.
The more you speak with them, the more you will understand and benefit from their thoughts and feelings, the more you will benefit from their insight and the more you will benefit from the teachings of the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
The honorable Mr. Mamduhi said the same thing. These three books - the book of Ayatollah Motahhari and the book of Mizan - were written by a group of outstanding scholars and teachers in a hopeful way to address the youth's problems.
When you were in Kum, you were very popular.
You should do such things.
You should think about it in a way that this issue is not as important as you think about the reek of knowledge.
You should develop faith in the people who speak with you and who are your training partners.
This reiteration "whoever has been named as the leader of a society, he should first educate himself before he can educate himself" This is difficult.
It is necessary to seriously avoid such things.
The teachers have a duty to pay attention to the social issues of the country. They should pay attention to the social issues of the country, but the important point is that this attention should be towards the issues that will be raised and discussed by teachers and that they will take the necessary measures to address them.
The role of teachers is to educate, encourage, preserve and develop the characteristics that people who speak about these issues should have. You should show them that you are sensitive to the feelings and emotions of the people.
Food is the essence of everything.
The man with all his alakoches said that if he could keep his religious relationship alive, he would be a saint.
The salat ceremony is a very important thing.
As members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, you should promote them in a way that attracts the attention of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The annual meeting of the Council of Guardians of the Islamic Revolution is every year. It is not the last meeting of this council in Kermanshah or nearer Kermanshah.
The Shia and Sunni Muslims should not harass their brothers.
You should go with one another, you should be compassionate with one another.
There are other things that can be done together.
If this happens, then by Allah's favor, the situation will be improved.
I would like to tell you that when the Islamic Revolution achieved victory in Iran, Islam achieved new spirits and powers in the world.
This was also an extraordinary feat. How could this great event derail western civilization?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the Imam (r.a.) did not disgrace western countries.
They went to the Holy Quran and found some information there about Islam. They became interested in Islam and they became committed to Islam.
It is the second time that the Zionist regime is trying to harm Islam. The second time is when the Marxist regime is defeated.
The young generation in Islamic countries - who are deeply committed to democracy and firm democracy - has realized that if a socialist government is established, justice, equity, justice and kazaa will be eliminated from their countries.
The truth belongs to the believers. I have seen some of them - both of them and those who are not believers - who are in Islam.
They are socialist because they think that there is hope in the people.
But when leftist forces were defeated, they saw that the situation wasn't the same and there was no evidence against it.
Therefore, they started following the path of Islam.
The youthgroups that you see in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other places are all from Islamic denominations. All of them are relying on Islamic slogans. The 1960s and 1970s - the last decade or so of the history of Islam - were relying on Islamic slogans.
The same is true of our own countries. I do not want to use words for ambiguous people.
There are some people who speak against Islam, but in the course of these statements, they are expressing a Marxist and socialist view of Islam.
As long as leftist orientations prevailed, all those groups that emerged from leftist orientations - they went to Islam. They went to Islam, they studied Islam, they studied the Holy Quran, they studied Islamic jurisprudence and they studied the Islamic Republic. They were taken by surprise.
In a system that has been established and tested in the best way possible, Islam has emerged victorious out of all the tests it has faced, and all oppressive camps of the people are fighting it, but I stand up against it like a dutse.
The people who were looking for all these things in Marxist and socialist camps but have not been successful in socialist camps have been defeated. But the people who are looking for these things in Marxism and socialist camps have been defeated.
You can see what is happening?
They want to kaskan this issue. It is not possible to do so.
In the United States of America’s capital, New York, there are thousands of demonstrators protesting that they do not like capitalism. They are not against capitalism, but they do not like capitalism.
This is what I believe. We have already said that we are not "precedented" This is because we are not "companied by anybody", This is because we are not "companied by anybody", This is because we are not "companied by anybody".
You should be careful about yourselves.
Islamic students should always be prepared.
The Holy Quran and Sunnah, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) words and the prayers of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) are the same principles that have been specified in the Quran and Sunnah as those of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) words and the prayers of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
If you do this, you will see how much the heart of Islam will be full.
I have spoken to many people and they have pointed out that this meeting was an enjoyable meeting, but it is also necessary to take the time.
Dear God, make religious scholars among the people that you trust.
Dear God, make the dear youth, the dear students and the dear youth who are looking for a job in the holy city of Kermanshah and the holy city of Kermanshah fulfill their wishes.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and guidance on all of us.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
Leader Appoints for National Radio and Television Organization (IRIB) - Khamenei.ir
In a statement, Ayatollah Khamenei said that Dr. Abdul'ali Ali Asgari is the new Executive Director of the IRIB.
The full text of the hukm is as follows:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
The honor belongs to the Imam of the Age- Hazrat Abdul'ali Ali Asghari (may his achievements continue),
In closing, I would like to thank Mr. Sarafraz for his timely and highly effective publicity efforts which show that he is committed to the ideals and values of the Revolution and for his previous history as the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. I will also like to take over from you as the Chairman of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
I would like to make you know that I was present in the letter to Mr Sarafraz when I appointed you (the chairperson of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps) as my secretary.
I stress as much the importance of resistance, preparedness, protection and training of the main political personalities of the country, promoting moral corruption and encouraging revolutionary activities as well as exercising active, pioneering and effective work in the traditional media industry as well as relying on Allah the Exalted.
I pray to Allah the Exalted to help us succeed in this assignment.

Urdebehesht 22, 1395
(11th of May, 2016)
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, in a meeting with the naval forces of the Army of the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate, pure and chosen household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth (Imam Mahdi).
We are truly grateful to Allah the Exalted for giving us so many opportunities and karin years to our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) on such a occasion and expressing our gratitude and respect for him.
Despite the fact that Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) constant appeal has been deeply enlightened in the hearts of our people, the 14th of Khordad is the symbol of the unity of the Iranian nation with the great Imam (r.a.).
This day she was honored with the martyrdom anniversary of her father, the great Imam Musa ibn Ja'far (s.a.).
The year also marks the sixth anniversary of the events that happened on the 15th of Khordad in the year 1342.
The 15th of Khordad is a sensitive and important day.
I will speak about this issue in a detail detail before I take a look at the main point and I will explain it to you.
The 15th of Khordad is not the only manifestation of a great movement by intellectuals and people.
The events that happened between the 15th and 16th of Khordad belong to the important and early years of the Iranian nation.
The events that happened in Faiziyya belonged to the 2nd of the Farbardeen year 1342 and that usurped the reputation and reputation of great religious scholars and war veterans like Ayatollah Milani Borujerdi.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 11, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the people of Tehran.
All these things show that the malamai movement in the year 1341 and the early years of 1342 had achieved such greatness that police and security organizations of the oppressed regime had to hand over power to malams and cadets even if they had been unable to defend themselves.
But in spite of all this, the 15th of Khordad is a very important day.
The reason is that what happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342 is the manifestation of the deep friendship between the people and the teachers during that difficult time.
On Ashurar of that year - which is the 13th of Khordad - our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) delivered a very important speech at the Faizi school.
As Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) health began to deteriorate, he was arrested and transferred to different cities and villages in Kurdistan. The Dagutu government, which had deployed all its forces, including the Army, the Police, and other security officials, made a lot of efforts to rescue him. However, a movement was not made until the 15th of Khordad.
The advantage of such relations is that they can speed up the progress of the movement and bring it to its knees.
Whenever a movement is accompanied by the support of the people and going with them, that movement will be accompanied by the support of the people.
However, if people fail to take action in a populist movement, they will not achieve victory.
As it was in Iran during the time of the constitution, pro-government and national unity movements were strong, but the movements were defeated. Because the people were not with them.
When the people enter the arena and support a movement, when all the mental and intellectual capacities of the people are present, the movement move moves towards progress and transcendence.
This is what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
In the year 1366, another group of people from Tehran and other cities across the country massacred the Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and imposed all their power and arrogance on the people. The people were massacred in the city and streets of that city.
The cities and streets of Tehran have been filled with blood of pious men and women.
The significance of Khordad and the spirit of faith-based taghuti government was clearly established on the 15th of Khordad.
The point that is related to the 15th of Khordad - which we dear youth and great people should pay attention to - is that during the bloody massacre of the people in Tehran and other cities and villages, no organizations of the international community cared about protecting human rights.
It is a fact that the people and teachers have been only members of the Armed Forces in the arena.
The prominent people of our country also oppose this movement. They say it is a step towards the goals, a step towards the defeat.
Whenever feelings of peace and joy are gathered under the pretext of resistance, they accuse the unsuspecting and spiteful people of resistance and bravery, they accuse them of corruption and corruption of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
The Imam (r.a.) carried out this successful movement in the best of his abilities and with the support of the Iranian nation. He stood up for the position of a religious leader and prostrate the path of his movement.
It was Imam Khomeini (r.a.) who believed in three faiths, which had given him the determination, courage and power. These three faiths are the three faiths that the Imam (r.a.) believed in, namely, faith in God, faith in the people and sincere faith in him. These three faiths spearheaded the path of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) during his lifetime.
The Imam (r.a.) used to speak from his sincerity and the people listened to his statements and accepted all their malevolence.
They entered the arena with enthusiasm and with courage.
Their movement, which had no opposition in the world, led to victory.
The Imam (r.a.) did not want us to distort the meaning of these three faiths.
These are important points which if we understand them, they will show us the way to them.
The faith of the people affected Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) behavior, which was accompanied by fear, and his words: "When the people said to them: 'Yau Ma Tei, people have gathered (rundunoni) for you so you feel secure.
Their prayers were recorded in the Qur'an and they said, "And Allah is the Exalted and the representative of the people."
The Holy Quran says, "If you help God, He will help you." He is the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) representative.
The Imam (r.a.) knew the Iranian nation well past this word.
The Imam (r.a.) believed that this nation was an eager, faithful and brave nation and that if it had a Leader who is righteous, it would be able to take its position in all arenas, including the arena of elections.
It was Imam Khomeini (r.a.) who believed this. If during his lifetime, prominent figures like Shah Sultan Husain introduced the Iranian nation to the world, it would have been impossible to do so in the absence of Imam Khomeini (r.a.). But when prominent figures like Nadeer Khomeini (r.a.) introduced themselves to the people and took control of al'umma, our nation managed to make progress from Delhi to Black Sea.
He discovered the Iranian nation and believed in them.
He described the greatness of religious faith in a society according to which the Iranian nation has become a successful role model in terms of resistance and insight.
They were the people who were the biggest and the most kind of people to the Imam (r.a.) and they were the enemies of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
This is why I believe that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) will not give gaza in the face of the insurgent because the insurgents are after the souls of the people and Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is after the souls of the people.
The Imam (r.a.) taught the Iranian nation how to feel secure.
He showed his power to the world. On Ashurar 1342, despite being deeply committed to his power, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) stood up against the students of Qom in the Faiziyya School and insulted Mr. Ridha Shah, a American mercenary and powerful figure who ruled solely through secrets and without any interference, threatened America: "If you continue doing what you have started, I will tell people that you have to distance you from Iran."
The elders of Qom are the brothers of Kum, who are not members of a Armed Forces, nor have they the support and assistance of national and international organizations.
The cultivation of religious faith, trust in God and self-confidence will help man achieve this goal.
The following day, when Imam Khomeini returned to his home, in Beheshti Zahra, he accused the Bakhtiyar government of causing the death of the cleric and said, "I am the leader of the Bakktiyar regime and I will help the government."
It was Imam Khomeini (r.a.) who described the significance of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) words.
This sincere yard of the Imam (r.a.) was what attracted the Imam's (r.a.) attention to the people.
He believed that the enemy had a duty to safeguard his power over other nations. One of the things that the enemy has done is to make people feel- like they cannot do anything and stand by and say, "We cannot do anything".
The Iranian nation has made a lot of progress in political, scientific, economic and other areas over the past few decades.
He told the Iranian people that they can.
He brought about enthusiasm for us, he brought about enthusiasm for us in order to make decisions for the right way, he brought about enthusiasm for us.
We have been moving forward steadily. Therefore, the Iranian nation has made progress over the past 30 years in all areas. I will mention a few of these areas later on.
The faith in the Imam (r.a.) - that is to say, faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence - was the foundation of all his plans and policies.
In the beginning of this gwagwarmayar, these three faiths had been showered on the Imam (r.a.) with the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) bloodthirsty faith.
When he was allowed to leave the country and when he was allowed to move out of Paris, the same is true of when he was repatriated to Iran.
The three factors contributed to the Imam's meteoric output in that period of time.
In the events that happened in Bahman of 1357, during the reign of taghut, during the time of internal disputes, during the time of the establishment of the Islamic Republic, under the leadership of the arrogant powers, under the leadership of the Islamic Republic and under the leadership of the Imam (r.a.) during the 10-year imposed war, and under the leadership of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) during the last 10 years of his lifetime as well as during the time of Imam Khomeini's leadership.
The three elements of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) power are the foundations of all the things that he has done.
The Imam's (r.a.) words and actions were never undermined by any fault or mistrust. From the beginning to the end of his life, nobody would have thought of the Imam's (r.a.) words and actions.
It is one thing that the arrogant powers of the world are extremely happy about, but it is quite another thing that they are extremely disappointed with.
The prayers that they recited in this meeting and in the previous meetings were again delivered in a different way.
But Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) words during his lifetime were more than the words he used in the year 1342 when he was 15 years old.
He has been jolted, but his heart is still young and his soul is still alive.
This is the kind of power which is specified in the Quranic script, "And those who are on the right path should be careful about their affairs." This is the kind of power that is promised to be with the people of Iran by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
“These who say, Our God is Allah, then and there is the Last Prophet (s.w.a.), then and there is the Last Prophet (s.w.a.), then and there is the Last Prophet (s.w.a.), then and there is the hope, the determination, the self-confidence and the trust in God among the people and the people of different social backgrounds. These are the three faiths that have been showered on the Imam (r.a.) by Allah the Exalted.
The Iranian nation changed its mentality, and Allah the Exalted changed its attitude, saying, "surely Allah does not change what is right for the people, but they can change what is right for their hearts."
The Iranian nation has made a mistake. 0.189346 82.txt 1290-Leader-Slams-Violations-of-Law.txt 1290-Leader-Slams-Violations-of-Law.txt Shin ana iya rufe shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya shi ne mabiya
What was the result?
There are certain things that our youth should know about the relationship the Pahlavi regime - the former regime of the Qajar regime - had established with England and the U.S.
Their restraint was even more excruciating.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, one of the American diplomaates said in his statements: "We are trying to tell them (them) what they are looking for and what they are looking for.
They used to tell him that it is necessary to establish a relationship with Allah the Exalted.
In one case, a dead baby was found in a bag in Yau Ma Tei subway station.
And if a nation enjoys certain rights and privileges, it will be promoted to a society that is more egalitarian and madaukaki.
The heads of government, personalities, wealth and positions of office in the world had been mixed up with the people in order to make decisions for themselves, but they were changed with the people.
They changed their minds as the officials and the people voted.
The powers that have ruled the country have been represented by the people for many years. The powers that have taken over the economic, political and cultural issues of the country are also represented by the people.
The fact that they refused to give in to temptations when they were young and that they were attracted by some people is very important.
These evil politicians, who show their enmity and spiteful attitude towards the people, have imposed their oppressive attitudes on the people. Our country has become a pioneer in the scientific arena and it has become a pioneer in the educational arena.
The day before the victory of the Revolution, we did not have any achievements in the scientific arena.
Is this something insignificant?
The ncyclopedia of the materialistic world says that by the year 2017, Iran will achieve the world's highest number of scientific achievements.
Is this something insignificant?
We are a country that needs assistance. If we want to build a road, a river, a dam or a dam, we need to be in the hands of others. We need to be in the hands of those who are looking to build a dam, a river, a dam or a dam.
However, today the youth of this nation - without any reliance on the reefs of the past - are building dams, big factories, dams, alloys and heritage buildings in the country.
Is it possible to close our eyes to all these things?
In the medical and farmaceutical arena, for example, due to a backwardness or poor hygiene, our patients should always travel to Europe and if they do not have any facilities in the country, they will be hospitalized in the same way in the near future.
But today, the most important and great work that we are doing is not just the art of carpooling or carpooling. It is not just the art of carpooling in Tehran, but in many other cities and towns of the country.
The Iranian nation does not need to be isolated.
We havecome to a position of reliance on ourselves in this sensitive arena.
In those days, many parts of the country had been deprived of many opportunities.
“Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before visiting many cities and villages of the country, there were no restrictions on the area.
Today different ways of rendering services are being practiced throughout the country, in different cities and in different villages.
Today nobody can say that the place is not rich in biodiversity or that it is used as an example to other areas.
In those days, the number of people in the country was five million.
Today the number of students abound to be two, but the number of students abound to be three or more.
The number of university students means the number of teachers and universities.
In one case, five students were found dead in the same building, in another case, ten people were taken hostage.
In that time, the number of universities and colleges did not have many students.
But today in this province, every city and village has its own universities.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation thanks to the Revolution and the efforts of our youth and our government officials. These are the things that have taken place during the past 30 years.
These two characteristics are very important.
In the course of this Revolution, a number of important and fundamental projects were carried out in the country. There were several factories in the country.
In the past, we would export products from countries far and wide, but today, we have sourced many products from countries far and wide in the country.
It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
The three faith that was accompanied by the firm determination of the Imam (r.a.) in the heart of the Iranian nation was: faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence.
We did not say these things to express our appreciation for the honor that has been bestowed on us.
In any case, there is still a great task ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we refer to the era of taghut and the era of Islam, we will clearly see the results. But if we refer to the country and the people, the country and the people that Islam wants to see - that is to say, the nation that has materialistic dignity, materialistic faith, morality and fear of God - they will clearly see the results.
I said this because our dear people are aware that progress on this path will only be made if they tread the three faiths of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
They should know that there is a long way to go. However, you should know that you have the right to do so.
It is possible to follow this path upward movement towards the peaks.
I said these terms because you know that the enemies are trying to create rows in our hearts.
The path is right in front of us.
We have a solution.
What’s the direction of our movement?
It is Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) explicit teachings that are alive and novel. It is clear that the words of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) are alive and novel even in the words of our people.
I have seen some instances where we claim that Imam Hussein (a.s.) is our Imam, but fail to observe his teachings. This is a mistake.
The path will be led by the Imam (r.a.) and he will show us the path.
In the area of foreign policy, the lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) were: resistance in the face of the domination of global tyranny; friendship with Muslim nations, friendly relationship with all parts of the world, avoiding the confrontation with Islamic countries that show enmity and spitefulness in support of usurping Zionism; fighting for the liberation of Palestine from the hands of the domineering powers; resistance in the face of the oppressors of the materialistic powers.
It is Imam Khomeini (r.a.) who is leading the movement.
And our speeches and writings are with us. In the area of culture, the lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) were: opposing the evil culture and western customs, supporting Islamic values and promoting moral virtues in society, fighting corruption and prostitution, and fighting corruption in society.
In economic matters, the lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) were: reliance on the domestic factory; achieving economic justice with the domestic factory; supporting the producers of textile products and supporting their movement. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) opposed the practice of colonialism and arrogance, but he also respected the human rights and laborers' rights.
The lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) have been enough for us to remain firm in the arena of the material world and we must always maintain our independence in the arena of the national economy.
The Iranian nation can remove this obstacle by following this path of faith and relying on the guidance of its magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can make progress.
On the basis of this power, this talent, this talented human being, the Iranian nation can move towards the ideals it has been pursuing for many years. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will move towards the ideals it has been pursuing for many years. Greetings be upon you and Allah's mercy and blessings
However, the issue of elections which is the main issue of contention in the elections is the same.
Dear brothers and sisters, welcome to the great Iranian nation!
The elections are the manifestation of all of these three faiths and believers in the Imam (r.a.) who should be with us: they are the manifestation of faith and faith in Him.
This is what our responsibility is, our responsibility is to watch the future of our country.
The Iranian people have this responsibility.
The elections show that the people trust the government and that there is a spirit of trust in the government through elections.
The flag of trust is the essence of unity and power, and anybody who stands on the flag of unity will feel that he is playing a role in the future of the country.
This is a very important thing.
Therefore, elections are the manifestation of trust in God. They are also a sign of trust with the people as well as their acknowledgement.
If you take any action against one of the members of the takwas - that is to say, the takwas that are present on the scene - you should be against the Islamic Republic.
The votes of any of these candidates are not a vote for the Islamic Republic. The vote for the Islamic Republic is the same as the action that is carried out by the officials in charge of the elections.
The person who is in the arena of elections, whether those who hold the presidential elections or those who participate in the elections â€“ you and I â€“ should be committed to the Islamic Republic and the Islamic system of elections.
“On the basis of the second point, I would like to discuss the issue of elections in a number of meetings with you dear members of the Assembly of Experts and with the chairman of the Assembly of Experts.
The enemies of our country thought that holding a presidential election would threaten the Islamic Republic. They thought that elections would be a great opportunity for the Islamic Republic.
Their intention is to draw everyone's attention to the Islamic Republic, just as it did in the year 1388, or to create a fitna during the elections, just as it did in the year 2009.
This is what the enemies of our nation want.
It is wrong to think that the enemies of our nation have not known our people. The enemies have only known the people on the day 9 of Dey, which is the day when the Iranian people showed their support for the Islamic Republic after the fitna (the day after the presidential elections). They only see that a large portion of the population of the country is opposed to the Islamic Republic. It is wrong to think that every year on the 22nd of Bahman, millions of people show their support in different cities and slogans that they are opposed to the Islamic Republic.
It was in the interest of reducing the likelihood of this election that certain elements of the opposition parties would form a so-called "media blockage" that was launched by the media.
They used to say that the election was conducted in a systematic and correct manner. They used to say that there was no legitimate election in the country and that the election was not for the people.
In other words, they do not know our people, they do not know our elections, they do not know the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the oil-rich countries?
In the capitalist and socialist countries, if you are not supported by any of the two or three parties and do not have the support of the hujja elements, their companies and their supporters, then you can only yakin against elections.
There are some people who do not have the support of the Zionists. There are some people who do not have the support of the global armed opposition and they do not want to participate in the elections.
It does not have any independent media networks, nor do they have any independent media outlets in the country to broadcast their programs.
Their production will be sub-divided into smaller units, and these units will be destroyed for the sake of dakikas.
In our Armed Forces, if they fail to deliver messages to people, they will be sidelined and they will be told them to people.
I mean, where are the people in the world who are suffering from such a situation?
The only thing that is allowed in the arena of elections is the law.
According to some laws, certain people can enter the arena of elections and some others cannot.
The law dictates what to do and what not to do.
And all of this is against the law.
These enemies sit in a cave and close their eyes to all these things. They keep saying the same thing. As I said, after all these things, a number of pure-hearted people in the hereafter and in the hereafter will be saying the same thing again and again.
But the Iranian nation will answer these people by relying on their presence and maintaining its solidity. And the responses that they may receive will be very harmful.
The same is true of the agents of the clergy and soldiers. When the clergy are asked to criticize certain organizations, they say, "It is our right to criticize those organizations."
They are troubled, and they express their concerns unreasonablely. But they must behave in a determined, selfless, and optimistic way towards the future.
The media in this regard should pay attention to this point. I am not an exporter and will not announce that I am one of the exporters.
I advise and I insist that the brothers who are trying to morph negative elements of society into positive elements should behave in a fair way.
They tried hard, but they were not able to do anything. Kada sukar must not be based on fitna - whether in the government or in the previous governments.
This opportunity should be mixed with the good memories that have been showered on the previous generation.
This is the case with the honorable people of our country. Everybody should step in and out of the arena of action from the very beginning until they realize that they have made great achievements.
In different governments, construction projects have been carried out many differently.
We should not let these things go unnoticed.
This is not to say that we should ignore all these activities. This is not to say that we should neglect all these activities.
But we should not say that today we have the best of things to do.
And we should not be complacent.
I ask all the teachers to say the same thing that they did in the past year, just so that the students who were reciting the same thing that they were reciting earlier in the year do not get kufr [from me].
You should be careful about this point. Otherwise, you will not benefit from the opportunity and the capability to evaluate the situation at the hands of those who are in charge.
You should try as much as you can.
In and according to the structure of our government, the President is very careful about his national interests.
The power of the President is very great.
The president is the one who has the power to dictate laws and regulations. He is the one who can use all the scientific and political capacities of the country.
The heads of the administrations of the country are in different situation.
The only thing that is right is a law.
The law only lets him do so, and this is not limited to do so.
The good deed is a shiry law, not a takaitawa.
The people who speak with us should be careful and they should provide their society with the opportunities that they need.
If they have a plan and a discipline, they should show it to the people and they should be prepared to give their efforts as much as they can in the face of the law in order to carry out these heavy responsibilities and in the course of which they have behaved in a determined and conscious way.
Some people have the wrong idea that we should warn the enemy so that he can increase his anger against us.
Their people arefocused on the interests of the people more than the interests of the country. This is a mistake.
The enemy is being motivated by your presence, by the presence of the Islamic Republic, by the presence of the Imam (r.a.) in the minds and emotions of the Iranian nation and the people. On the 14th of Khordad, the day of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) birthday, the Iranian nation and the people gathered here to commemorate Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
This is the reason why they are so furious.
If our nation stands firm and makes efforts, if our nation manages to fill the gaps, if our nation manages to address the needs of the moment, if our nation manages to strengthen its economy, the enemies will not do anything against the Iranian nation.
In any case, what is important is self-reliance, determination, faith in God, trust in the people, and self-confidence - both in the arena of hardships and in the arena of individual achievements.
Dear brothers and sisters, welcome! For a few days, the dear people of Qom will be in the arena of great achievements and I hope, by Allah's favor, the dear people of Qom will make good achievements as well.
“If you make a decision or make a promise, it is in the best way for the sake of Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and the Glorious Lord.
Leader's Message to European and North American Students - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
The Zuwa to All European and North American youth - Khamenei.ir
The recent events in France and other Western countries caused me to reflect on the issue of speaking out.
I speak to you dear youth, not in order to insult your fathers or your mothers, but in order to honor the great personalities who will determine the destiny of your nation and your country. I speak to you because my heart is full of sincerity.
It is not the politicians and government officials of your country that have changed their political equations. I am not talking about the particular politicians and officials of your government because I believe that they have behaved in a spiteful and ignorant way towards the ideals and values.
The message that you deliver should be delivered on the issue of Islam, especially the issues that are ahead of you.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps made many efforts to present this holy religion as a threat to national security.
The drawback is that such behaviors have a long history in the political history of western countries.
I would like to speak about the different kinds of enmity and corruption that has been exerted in the hearts of the western people.
If you take a look at the historical record, you will see that new record marks the disgraceful discrimination that western governments have caused other nations and cultures in the world.
The history of the Turai and the U.S. has been made up for the sake of raising the people, mulkin the people and oppressing the non- Christians.
I and my friends have been witness to the spread of indigenous and ethnic hate between different denominations of Christianity and Christianity in different parts of the world during the second and third centuries.
The idea of conquering another part of the history of western civilization is not a matter of history. Rather, I would like to raise the question for you gentlemen - why do western nations become so angry after decades or even decades of experience in this regard?
Why are people’s expectations not based on historical events rather than the issues that are present in the present time?
Why do people stop Islamophobia and Islamophobia when they are exposed to important issues such as culture, traditions and Islamic thought?
You should know that corruption, corruption of the government, corruption of the judiciary and corruption of the conscience of the people are all arenas that are used to give rise to all these oppressive and oppressive behaviors.
I would like to ask, why have they suddenly returned to the depths of the political atmosphere that has been fueled by the flames of Islam and Muslims?
Why are the standards of the modern world imposing doubts on Islam?
It is these factors which are the driving force behind the policies of world leaders and what advantages will be attached to Islam when they are confrontated with the policies of Islamophobia and global arrogance.
Therefore, your first request should be to raise the issue of why such a great and great effort is being made against the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
The second point is that you should pay attention to the great propaganda broadcast against Islam. You should understand that Islam is the essence of Islam.
The premise is that you should be careful about the details that are presented you and yourselves should not be diverted from the movement which is moving towards the ideals. I do not say that you shouldn't understand or accept Islamic concepts. I just say that you should not be diverted from the movement which is driving the world of today because it is a satanic move.
You should not let those who are your representatives and terrorists cast doubts on your identity as an Islamic representer.
You should know that Islam is the essence of Islam.
You should understand Islam by the Holy Quran and the life of the Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.).
I would like to ask, aren't you already familiar with the Islamic Quran?
I have been familiar with the teachings of the Holy Prophet of Islam (may God bless him and his household) and the morality and brotherhood of his people since a long time ago.
Is it possible to understand Islam under a different name, not known to the press?
The Islamic Republic has achieved many such positions as the global burden of knowledge and understanding and it has hosted the greatest scientific and intellectual community and intellectuals of the world.
I would tell you that you should not douse political slogans and move forward in a spiteful way.
It is now the case that the arrogant powers have lost their control over the borders of the country and are unwilling to ingratiate themselves with the borders of the country.
Despite the fact that nobody can claim to be at the vanguard of the movement, every one of you can play a role in creating awareness and justice for the movement that has started.
The kalubalen that has been created between Islam and you dear youth is a good mimic, but it can spark new questions in your hearts.
The mere gathering of these questions will provide you with an opportunity to shine a light on the dark sides of this confusion.
Therefore, you should not allow this opportunity to forget the veracity of Islam.

Leader Appoints Dr.Ahmadinejad for the New Term of the Expediency Council - Khamenei.ir
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Khamenei, in a statement, has appointed former President Jalal Talabani as the new leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran's Congress.
The following is the full text of the message issued on June 25, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on the occasion of Norouz.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
The blessed presence of the Imam of the Age- Hazrat Ayatollah Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (may his achievements continue)
The firm and impressive work that you have made during the past years as the President of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the many accomplishments that you have made so far in this regard.

The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people of Mashhad province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and infallible household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted that He gave me another opportunity to meet you dear people of Mashhad - the people of Mashhad who have traveled, the dear brothers and sisters of you in this holy city - under the direction of Abul Hasan Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.).
I would like to congratulate all Iranian people on the occasion of Nurouz and the arrival of the new year. I hope that the year that we are enlightened with will be an auspicious year for all Iranian people.
There are certain points that I would like to discuss with you dear brothers and sisters.
The first point is to be attached to the events that have happened in our country, our people and the countries that have createdobstacles for us in the global and regional arenas.
The reason why we are so interested in the issues of the year 1390, especially the achievements that the Iranian nation has made in this year, is because of the machinations which the enemies and the arrogant powers of the world have made against the Iranian nation.
The leaders of arrogance and usurping power - they used all their power - including financial, financial, propaganda and political willpower - to deceive and deceive the people of Iran and make them shed tears.
If we pay attention to the propaganda broadcast by the enemies of the Iranian nation, we see clearly the efforts that the nation is making in the face of various hardships - including economic, political, military and other such hardships - that they make in order to divert the enthusiasm of the Iranian nation from the arena of progress, rendering services and gaining progress, then we will be able to witness and interpret the Iranian nation's performance on the scene.
The Imam (r.a.) taught us that the Islamic Revolution encouraged us to believe that we can do whatever we want and the Islamic Revolution encouraged us to feel responsible.
They made all efforts to achieve this goal. The last year was a record year for this achievement.
The Iranian nation has achieved what they were hopefuling - namely, the progress of the nation on the path they had chosen and on the path they had built - and it has made it known to the world that they can do anything to make it known to the enemies that they can.
The reason why we are doing this is to demonstrate to the world that the Iranian nation has managed to utilize the enormous power ofpower that has accumulated over the past few decades and to demonstrate to the world that it can not be ignored.
We do not have weaknesses. We have weaknesses, but at the end of the day, the facilities that we have and the achievements that we have made are many.
We have referred to the year 1390 as "The Year of Economic Jihad." We have referred to the issue of economy in this year.
The fact that the officials of the country have made so many efforts in the arena of economic valor and that the people have cooperated with them over the past year is a source of hope.
One of the things that can be achieved in this regard is that the political system should be based on increasing the power of the government.
The economic expert and outstanding personality of the country â€“ both in the previous and current government â€“ agrees that adopting a new political order is necessary and everybody is agrees.
Despite the fact that this is a publicity event, it has remained unchanged because of the difficulties it faces. But governments and the Majlis, last year, during the crisis of economic sanctions, which severely affected the economy, made efforts to do something that affected the economy.
I know that this is not totally guaranteed, but what the government officials - both in the government and in the Majlis - have done and benefited from has been a very valuable and important work.
The people of our country have heard these things, but they should be careful about these things. This is a great duty. This is an important duty.
One of the goals of such preparedness is to decrease the level of government’s assistance to the people in a fair way.
In my previous statements, I described the need to decrease such pressures among different sectors of the population because pressures are exerted in different directions.
I have heard numerous reports from different sectors of the country about the effect of domestic production on the well-being of the people.
This is one of the goals of the Islamic Republic and the main purpose behind the enactment of this law.
The second purpose is to improve the quality of the products that are produced and the economy of the country.
In the absence of economic hardships, which have been resolved by all parties, the situation can be re-focused on monetary and economic policies. These policies can be implemented through appropriate planning and research.
The next goal and the most important one is to use the knowledge that has accumulated over time.
We are blessed with manpower, and we are willing to lend it to gas, but we are not prepared to do so.
We are far more than many countries in the world and far more than all countries in the world.
The document, and the document can be trusted, shows that if the current management of the country is not carried out in a systematic and correct manner, the outcome will be different from the current situation of the country and the situation of the country will be different from the situation of the country in the real sense of the word.
When did we not prepare the wadataccen for domestic consumption, what did we do?
We should import our compatriots. The Iranian nation should be a step ahead of the enemy's eyes.
As a result of this work, we have managed to become familiar with the basic principles of production. The product that we currently consume is the same thing that is being prepared for consumption outside the country, so we will not need to be complacent about this.
This was what the 1390s were doing. By Allah's favor, we both made efforts to strengthen our nation.
But our youth in our society made efforts and they managed to defeat the enemies with these means.
One important and fundamental task which was accomplished in a determined manner thanks to the efforts of the people is the task that is being carried out in the scientific arena.
Ilimia and technology are one of the pillars of economic security and stability.
When a nation acquires a knowledge that has the modern-day advantage, it becomes competitive and it enters the arena of politics. It becomes honorable and powerful.
Because of the importance of scientific progress and innovation, I have been attached to this point of interest in a particular way.
I have received different reports so far from different sectors and so far I can tell you that the progress in the country has been far more than the amount of reports that have been made so far.
On the basis of the report that was presented by the global scientific community - which is not our scientific organization - the greatest advance in knowledge has been recorded in the world today.
In the year 1390 which was a close-running year for the Iranian nation and the year 1388 which was a close-running year for the global scientific community, the Iranian nation made more progress than it did in 2010 and the accelerated progress achieved by its Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. What was the result?
This happened at the time when the enemies of the Iranian nation had tried to convince the Iranian nation that we should pay ransom with sanctions, but the Iranian nation managed to resist.
The reality of the reporting - that is to say, the world's largest number of scientific centers - is that in the region, Iran has been the first country to make progress in the scientific arena and has been pioneering in the world.
The report is written by some people who were supposed to present the full text of the testimony in court. But they did not announce it. In the year 1390, we made progress in the area of agriculture, agriculture, and tourism. And in the year 1390, we made progress in the area of nuclear energy, we managed to obtain the largest output of uranium ever achieved in the year 1390.
The problem with the uranium shortcomings that was created in the year 1389 was that America had to prepare the ground for us to deal with.
We must prepare the materials for our nuclear study for Tehran because the Iranian nation is doing its utmost.
The authorities in the country made us some documents in order to export uranium. They said we should export our uranium to countries outside the country, but we didn't.
The Brazilian and the Persian Gulf of Mexico governments met today with our President and signed a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) that signed by our ambassador.
But after implementation of this agreement, the Americans turned their back on it. They did not want to implement the agreement. They wanted to try to reveal certain things, use force and hardships to deceive them.
Their powers were deceived by the U.S. Congress, Brazil and the U.S. governments. This is the case with the uranium for about a third generation.
The enemies of our people managed to use overwhelmingly enough uranium to power the Tehran nuclear plant and made it known to the world.
However, they knew that the health centre was established in order to provide medical services to the patients they need. They knew that the centre was established in order to provide these services to the patients.
The young generation has come to him.
It was a difficult and complicated job, but it was finally carried out and we can see that there is still a lot of work to be done in the country in the area of Tehran and the country as well.
This was what the year 1390 was.
I would like to tell you that when the statements about uranium were given to us in the country, they used to say, "You exported to Russia three times more uranium than you did to France. You exported to France three times more uranium than you did to us.
This was what the year 1390 was.
The presence of Iranian laborers and factories, the existence of smuggled goods and weapons, the presence of Iranian officials in international arenas and the activities that were carried out during the 1390s are all the things that have been done in Iran.
These are just a few examples of the achievements of the year 1342 [The Year of Economic Jihad] These achievements are just a sideline of the achievements of the year 1342.
The growth of knowledge, scientific advances and technological advances are all factors that contribute to the national economy.
In the winter of that year 1390, just before the 13th of Aban, I promoted an Islamic seminary in Yau Ma Tei.
I have seen numerous examples of this growth in different areas. One can say that this growth was not just achieved in a particular area. Otherwise, one would say that this growth was not achieved in a particular area.
First of all, there is a spirit of jihad in the hearts of those who are doing this.
The masses of the people rely on Allah's spirit of jihad - that is to say, the people who are jihading, the people who are fighting for the sake of God.
The characteristics of those who work for the sake of money, fame, wealth or other such reasons are different from those who work for the sake of God's sake and are acting for the sake of God's sake.
This is a very important point.
The second advantage is that we see that our government officials have turned these sanctions which were imposed on our people into opportunities.
In my last meeting, some people expressed their gratitude to God for creating such relations.
In a spirit of feelings, the fact that taking the enemy’s sanctions as an opportunity is valuable and important.
The third characteristic that I noticed in that region was the greatness of self-confidence.
The other sides of the issue are the intellectual sides of some of our nationalist organizations.
It has been many times that we need to re-focus our efforts on this issue in the face of these hardships which have resulted in tragic outcomes.
But I see that our parents are determined to prove that they can do this.
The kind of trust between a nation and different individuals and youth is very valuable.
That is to say, there is another characteristic of relying on the youth.
That is to say, action is in the hands of the youth.
The youth are also the foundation and the foundation of innovation.
The other characteristic is that we have a close relationship with the industry and governments, which is what I was looking for.
I advise all the government officials who were in contact with the industry and industryrs in the past to develop a relationship with the industry and officials in order to create a relationship that works on the lines of cooperation between the industry and officials.
A silver lining in this dark cloud is that I was witness to in those meetings that the officials of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps had secured their immunity.
Of course, this does not mean that we should neglect scientific issues. Of course, in the absence of these issues, we will fail to achieve scientific progress in our country and in the country's academic community.
This is the economy of Iran. The year 1390, from the beginning to the end of the war, the enemy had acted in a certain way against us: in certain ways threatening, in others trying to undermine our political will and in others imposing sanctions.
In the present time, the arrogant powers of the world are trying to deploy the Iranian nation into exile and create a rift between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
There were other great achievements made in the year 1390 as well as diplomacy carried out in the region in the year 1390.
A meeting of the Islamic Awakening, the meeting of the Palestinian Armed Forces, the meeting of the International Conference on Global Fight Against Terrorism, the meetings of the youth and the revolutionary organizations - these are among the things that the Islamic Awakening has accomplished in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has become a prominent role model in the eyes of the world of Islam and Muslims today.
In the arena of economic valor, several houses and businesses have been built and serviced to the people.
This is another very important part of the adage.
These are the capacities that have been created during the recent years of progress and justice.
The Iranian nation has been resisting in the face of all the machinations of the enemies and their followers.
Of course, we should note that the elections are still to conclude. I hope that the people will be present on the ballot boxes when the second round of elections will be held.
This election is very important.
I would like to tell you that as I said a few months ago, the enemies are trying to deploy the soldiers to the front lines.
The Iranian nation will be defeated in a certain way when the Iranian nation's will be defeated in a certain way. Some people were saying that if they failed to show up, the Iranian nation would be defeated. They made various efforts to defeat the people.
When the enemy kills our outstanding personalities - who have in the country for months and years of experience in fighting three different kinds of machinations - their goal is to raze our people and kill them.
The number of people in the impeachment hearings of the House of Representatives (a.s.) during the last decade or so did not pass 40 per cent.
You should consider the Iranian nation at this point. You should consider the behavior of the Iranian nation during these times.
The plan was to make the 12th of Esfand, which is the day after the elections, a day of division between the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation. In spite of all thevisions that they had, the 13th of Esfand was chosen as a day of pride for the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
This election was a clear and accurate test.
They are trying to hide the realities of the Iranian nation. They are spreading lies about Iran and deceiving the truths with their covert media, but they cannot withstand this election.
The event that happened in front of the eyes of the people is something that has already happened.
The elections were a powerful and vital test of the hakicity of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic for other nations in the world.
This is what the year 1390 was. The year when the enemies of the Iranian nation made every effort to harm the Iranian nation.
These are some of the achievements that the Iranian nation has made in the year 1390.
Since when the nuclear issue was discussed, the enemies have focused their efforts on it.
Of course they know, and they also say, that Iran is not after another nuclear issue.
This is the truth. Otherwise, due to the reasons that we have, we will not even need to acquire a nuclear weapon. We do not need to acquire a weapon and we will not even need to acquire a knowledge. Some people are aware of this fact, but they take advantage of it as a means to deceive other people. They sometimes use this opportunity to deceive other people.
What was the reason for this?
The main point is the resistance of the Islamic Republic in order to attain the ultimate victory in the face of the hardships that Allah has brought about for our nation.
Today that the brakes of power - that is to say, the jiya- tsayin daka and the power of economic, political and scientific power and the deployment of scientific and military power - are powered by means of steel and aluminum.
The modern world will always need gasoline, and everybody is thankful to it.
The arrogant powers of the world know that their life is full of gasoline and oil.
If they are suffering from this backwardness, it is time to resort to a backwardness and turn their backs on the attractions that they have been pursuing for a long time. Their lives will be destroyed in the event that these attractions become available to them. In one case, the west and the west of the U.S. are suffering from economic hardships and each day they face different kinds of problems.
The oil-rich and oil-rich Iran is about to be exiled for a few decades, maybe a decade or so. It is necessary to benefit from the blessings of other countries.
The United States of America which has claimed to be the world's largest economy by reducing its unemployment rate at an acceptable level - namely, by 2021, that is to say, it will be the world's largest economy by reducing the unemployment rate at an acceptable level.
It is about fifths of the oil that is being exported from the Persian Gulf and eighths of the Gulf of Fasha.
In those days, they were relying on three big trees of oil palm trees that belonged to us, and one of them was the Iranian nation. I will explain all these trees in a detail later on.
The Islamic Republic of Iran is more than any other country in the world. It is more than any other country in the world.
Some gas countries are more than we need, while others are much more than we need.
In terms of gas, Russia is the second largest country in the world. After that, we are the fourth most populous countries of the world. There are three countries that are more powerful than we, three countries that are rich in terms of gas: the Islamic Republic, our dear country and the blessed people of Iran.
This is a caustic landmine for the countries that are using it, for the arrogant powers whose all of their lives are based on energy, manpower and wealth.
This is a very interesting point. The Islamic Republic has been resisting in the face of various kinds of problems for many years, but the Islamic Republic has been resisting in the face of various kinds of problems for many years.
In a country that has access to oil and gas, why do the arrogant powers want that?
The Americans think that they want to form a government and a system that is like an oasis in the middle of the region, but that they are looking for a kumfab in the hands of America: they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they will never have any problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever, they say them that they have no problems whatsoever,
If in Iran, which is the capital of oil and gas, there is a government that is determined to safeguard this economy and believes in the value of sharing power and if it gives rise to enmity in the face of the enemy’s plots, it will definitely be against the Islamic Republic.
The people who thought that if we strayed away from the nuclear issue, America would bring back the nuclear power to us, have completely ignored this fact.
Their problems are not nuclear.
There are some countries that have nuclear weapons and are proud of being at the service of these weapons in our region, but they do not want to be at the service of these weapons.
Therefore, the issue of nuclear power and reconstruction is not the issue of individuals or organizations, but the issue of humanity.
The problem is that the Islamic Republic has stood before them like a champion.
If the Islamic Republic of Iran or some other regional countries had decided to establish a sharia law, they would have laid down their lives.
Their enmity towards the Iranian nation is the reason why they are so hostile.
Of course, America is right.
Their mistake is that they think that by making threats and threats, they can either force the Islamic Republic to retreat or block the Islamic Republic out of the arena.
The west does not allow such things.
The nations do not want to know what aims of this meeting and what the consequences are for the country.
It is wrong to think that the Iranian nation can only move forward through this way. It is wrong to think that the Iranian nation can only move forward through this way.
I would like to tell you dear brothers and sisters, dear people of Iran, that America, with all its power, with all its weakness in the face of the constant attacks that it faces, is still suffering from weakness and defeat.
I am not suggesting that we should create doubts or limit our information to one or two media outlets. What I will say is that the answer to the two questions is the same thing that I would say to a number of people who are voting for the second term: I am not suggesting that we should limit our information to one or two media outlets.
You see, the current American President is getting increasing power as a result of his "saucy." You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy" You see, the "saucy that "saucy" You see, the "saucy that "
What does it mean?
We are at a stage where we are in a bad situation. I would like to change that situation.
If this were not for Muslims, the American nation would not have welcomed such a kind of government, which is partially accepted by the international community as conservative, justifiable and progressive. Americans do not want such a kind of government, which is partially accepted by the international community, would not have welcomed such a kind of government.
The effect of this social pressure on the Iranian nation was another sign that showed that they were suffering from an extreme form of weakness. The American nation was suffering from an extreme form of weakness when this president stood up for re-election, proving that it was a white person and telling them to turn their back on them.
This is to say, the climate is soft.
I do not want to say this, but the Americans themselves have proven that their situation is bad.
I saw that he was after gaining power. What did that bring about progress?
Is it possible to change this bad situation?
The cost of production or consumption of domestic products is not comparable to the production or consumption of domestic products.
This is a huge problem for a country.
This is the foreign policy of their government: it has been imposing pressure on Iraq without any results. It is now imposing pressure on Afghanistan with every moment of it.
In Muslim countries, in Egypt, in Africa, in South Africa and in Tunisia, the honor of America has been raised on its own.
The same is true of the Wall Street movement in the U.S.
It is a good situation.
Therefore, America is faced with serious problems.
The irony of America is that it is threatening other countries.
I would like to make this clear to everyone.
The Holy Quran addresses us in a resonating and dynamic manner: "those who have kafired you and who have turned their back on your narration will not get aru from your children and they will not get aru from your dear ones."
In the Name of Allah the Exalted, you will be able to rely on God's assistance for the oppressors. [The Holy Quran, 48: 22-23]
It is not in the Quran that Allah the Exalted says that if you enter the arena and fight, you will achieve victory. It is in the Quran that Allah the Exalted says that if you resist, you will be defeated.
But (may God hasten their re-appearance): when the enemies start attacking you, they will definitely be defeated.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) recommended this to the beginning of Islam.
The Iranian nation has been faithful in all kinds of faith and hatred, and does not want to fight to death or provoke any kind of aggression. But it is committed to honor, dignity and status, Islam, and the Islamic Republic by all its power.
That is to say, you should be involved in the production chain of domestic products. You should be involved in the production chain of Iranian agriculture, you should be involved in the production chain of Iranian agriculture, you should be involved in the production chain of Iranian agriculture and you should be involved in the production chain of Iranian agriculture.
This wrong practice - which can be detrimental for the development of certain sectors of our society - that is to say, we are dependent on foreign products which are harmful for our world, our progress and our future.
The more we have to make efforts, the more we will be able to source the products that we need inside the country.
Today our government officials have a central axieties in their hands and they can use these axieties to advance our national production.
The people of our country - both those who work and those who have the talent to do good - should join hands in doing good deeds.
It is necessary to become familiar with the culture of consuming domestic products.
We should not be satisfied with the quality of domestic products that we consume inside our homes and inside our retirement homes. We should not be satisfied with the quality of domestic products that we consume today more than we used to consume yesterday.
I have heard that some of the products that are being made in some cities in the country are often exported instead of being sold.
It is wrong to say that if a product is sold in the store, the buyer will not want to pay for it, but when he gets the picture of the Farrier sign in his hand, he says, "I have seen this sign" or "I have seen this sign" in the store.
The issue of domestic production is very important.
In the arena of domestic production, the most important portion of the work is done by the people. This is part of the renovation of the economy that was used to be done during the past two years, part of the revolutionary jihad that was launched by the Iranian nation and part of the economic jihad that was launched last year.
Dear brothers and sisters, in all areas of the country, we need unity and cooperation.
It is these tensions that lead to many unity and a deepened sense of self-confidence.
In one case, it is obvious that neither of the two sides of the issue are interested in the issue. This is not to say that there are definite differences between the two sides of the issue.
It is one thing to have a different view of labor and it is quite another to have a different view of labor.
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) teaches us: "Be careful about your strength and going after it." The Holy Quran, 8: 4, teaches us: If we careful about the issue of different kinds of issues - political, economic, and human - and we take care of each one of us, our enemies will get them to their knees.
The more powerful our enemies are in the face of these challenges, the more we will experience the closeness of our hearts to the enemy.
The Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) used to tell us that "whoever is after the truth but he deceives the wrong person, he deceives the righteous one and he deceives the wrong one".
It is a person who is after the truth. He wants the Islamic Republic, he wants the Islamic Revolution and he is committed to spirituality and Allah the Exalted.
He is different from the man who is following the path of Islam and opposing the Islamic Republic.
You should be honest with your hearts and with one another. Unfortunately, today the new media and the internet has allowed some people to make unreasonable accusations against you.
The point is that we should consider Islamic teachings as examples of morality.
The commemoration of our revolutionary youth should not be interpreted as a ceremonial gesture to make certain people deceive and accuse our revolutionary youth of racial profiling.
I deem all the dear youth of our country and the proud, faithful and active revolutionary youth as my parents and I support all of them. I also support the faithful and active revolutionary youth. I would like to raise all people to appreciate Islamic teachings and to appreciate the value of Islam.
everybody should respect this law.
The Islamic Revolution is in the kundin of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the officials of the Iranian nation.
The government is proud of the majalisa, and the majalisa also is proud of the government and the president.
This does not mean that all of them should think the same thing.
I hope that the year 1391 which starts today will be an auspicious year for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, help our dear youth, our great people and our dear people tread the path of perfection.
Dear God, punish and suppress the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, make this great nation stronger and more resistant than before and make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people of Mashhad province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and blessings and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and pure household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
In the Name of Allah, the greetings be upon the dear sister of Prophet Mohammed (s.w.a.) and upon his immaculate and pure household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I would like to extend my congratulations to all the dear brothers and sisters who participated in this great meeting and this great meeting.
I hope that Allah the Exalted will bestow His blessings on our hearts and souls.
That is to say, each year in my life, in the month of Norouz, in the month of God's blessings, in the month of God's greetings, in the month of God's blessings, in the month of God's blessings, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the month of God's sake, in the
The dear brothers and sisters should know that in the Iranian nation, we do not have to depend on anybody to dictate our decisions and act according to their own interests. Rather, we have to depend on individuals to guide our movement and evaluate our issues.
There are other nations that are benefiting from the experience of our nation. They focus their attention on the Iranian nation and they are happy about any achievements we have made.
If we achieve a victory, they feel that we have won and if there is a doubt about us, they will feel sad and angry.
In addition, there are some people in the world who are totally opposed to our work, but they are more committed to the first position.
They are talking to the people of Iran.
They are the most persistent people in the country. They have kept track of all the issues that exist in the country for many years.
The Islamic Revolution brought about a sense of security for the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Therefore, they are opposed to the Revolution and the government.
We are indebted to a large number of humanity.
This is where we should stand up against the enemy's plans and actions. When we look at the issue from this perspective, our position should be appropriate and correct.
One of our people when they look at the situation of the country, they do not see the enemy's shortcomings.
Their concerns include the ban of domestic production, the ragu of domestic products in certain areas, and the rising enthusiasm of the enemies.
I have a different view of labor.
When I take a look at the conditions of our country and the people, I see that the Iranian nation has entered a difficult and critical arena despite the enemies' will.
The advantages belong to the Iranian nation. There is no doubt in this regard. There are certain problems in the country. There are certain people in the world who are trying very hard to deny the Iranian nation its indisputable right.
The dear lady of the Armed Forces, who was in the greed of the Americans during the Sacred Defense Era, today said that we are trying to convince the Islamic Republic that sanctions will scare off Iran.
In the future, I will explain all the things that they did and what they were doing in the past.
Therefore, there is spiteful enmity and enmity in the face of the claims that the Iranian nation is indebted to the enemies.
When one looks at the sport, one realizes that it is a competitive sport in which there is an effort to make progress, but a champion achieves the ultimate goal and others feel proud of his achievement.
This great movement is ahead of us, our nation is ahead of us.
In the event that the Iranian nation fails to take appropriate action and carry out its research appropriately, it will be confronted with an international condemnation of its own country as well as condemnation of its opponents.
There are politicians, outstanding academics, and other people who know what a great achievement the world has accomplished and they all feel proud of the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to pay attention to all these efforts throughout the country and to look at the consequences of these efforts.
Who are these people?
I will briefly speak about this issue later on.
The enemies that cannot or do not want to see the Iranian nation's progress in all arenas have two main viewpoints: the First viewpoint is that they should try as much as they can to make progress for Iran as they can.
The second point is that the Iranian nation will not do this by imposing sanctions, by harassing the government and some other important organizations, bycing the thoughts and actions of the people and intellectuals of Iran away from very important and important issues. And the third point is that the Iranian nation will not make a mistake in informing the world.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution described the problems of the Iranian economy as insignificant. He said that the Iranian economy has made notable achievements.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Iranian kudin is fading away, there are economic problems in the country.
“I would like to discuss the progress of the country and the great achievements that the Iranian nation has made during the past 30 years. But I will briefly speak about the achievements that the Iranian nation has made during these 30 years and I will briefly speak about the measures that the Iranian nation has adopted during these 30 years.
This year, 1391, has been one of the most difficult years for our enemies to fulfill their satanic duties.
They said that we wanted to strengthen the Iranian nation through sanctions.
The Islamic Republic wherever it is branching and progressing, its honor will be doubled.
Therefore, if they cannot do this, they should not do it. If they cannot do this, they should try to achieve it themselves through their media and propaganda.
It is one thing to do that is to do something that is not done in a single day. It is another thing to do something that is not done in a single day - with the use of pressures, threats, sanctions, and different other means, and with the help of their propaganda tools, to magnify the achievements of the Islamic Revolution and its followers.
We said there was an enemy.
Who are these enemies?
In what is the asalin of the plots that are being launched against the Iranian nation?
This question is not very difficult to answer.
It is 30 years now that the hearts and souls of the Iranian nation are close to the US.
He dear American officials should pay attention to the fact that over the past 30 years, the people of Iran have witnessed certain things which have been hidden behind the mask of the enemies. These things have been hidden behind the mask of the enemies.
This is a very important point and a lesson for any government that wishes to live in a happy world should pay attention to it.
They are the center of these evil plots.
Of course there are other makiyans, but they are unknown to us as the first enemy.
The Zionists are also the enemies of Iran, so the Zionists do not deserve to be labelled as the enemies of the Iranian nation.
In certain occasions, the agents of the Zionist regime are threatening us with military attacks. But in the rare occasions when they are threatening us with military attacks, they do not announce that if they do not announce their intentions, the Islamic Republic will have to rusah [Tel Aviv] and [Haifa] as many times as it can.
The corrupt British government is opposed to the Iranian nation.
The British government is one of the greatest enemies of the Iranian nation.
The government of England does not have any freedom of expression, and it is considered a congressman; it is a mercenary of the United States.
There were other governments that were acting as guardianship.
I would like to make it known that in recent years the officials of the Faranshah government have shown their enmity towards the Iranian nation. This is against the officials of the Faranshah.
The more one's position is important, the more one's responsibility is to behave in a fair way. A politician should not put his enemy as the enemy, not as his enemy.
We have never had a problem with the government and and French Armed Forces, and we have never had any problems with them at that time. But the current government's evil policy has been the evil policy that the Iranian nation has adopted since the time of the regime of Sarkozy.
In our opinion, this is a mistake. And this is a lack of wisdom and rationality.
The Americans used to say that they were the "kasashen of the world". They used to say that they were the "kasashen of the world" When they spoke, they used to say that they were Americans, their agents were the Zionists, the British government, England and other governments.
The world does not know that Iran is indebted to the Islamic Ummah. If we need to focus our attention on the beginning of the year 1391, we should know that America had imposed a new threat after the beginning of the year 1391.
Since the beginning of this year 1391, several sanctions have been imposed on the Iranian nation: sanctions on Tehran, sanctions on the banks, and sanctions on the exchange of notes between the Islamic Republic and other countries - all of these things have played a role in this regard.
They are opposed to oppression, but they are optimistic that the Iranian nation will not recognize them as enemies and will not be confronted with.
In my earlier public addresses, Imam Ali (r.a.) said that it is necessary to be extremely cautious in the face of these accusations. I said that you should be careful about this point of view.
The US government has promised that it will find a special person special to speak with the international community and engage in negotiations with factories to ensure that their economic and political cooperation with the Islamic Republic is not undermined.
And they should not underestimate the value of establishing a relationship with the Islamic Republic.
They had started this work from the beginning of the year 1391, especially from the month of Mordad. They had acted in a very different way.
It is wrong to say that negotiations have affected sanctions. No, negotiations do not affect, and it is not possible to say that sanctions affect.
The economy of our country has suffered a serious setback as a result of its dependence on oil.
We should not separate our economy from the piety of wealth from the piety of wealth. Our governments should include this in their policies.
Shekaru has been saying since the beginning of the eight-year war that they should come up with a plan that we can close our rail tracks to them.
In those days, certain people would ask themselves, ‘Who is this possible?’
The more one's efforts are increased, the more one's position should be changed.
When the economic situation of a country depends on a particular region, its enemies will focus their efforts on that region.
This affects the enemy, but it does not have the effect of what the enemy wants.
I will briefly speak about this issue later on. This is the issue of the economy.
The governments of the United States and the United Kingdom have played a role in determining the future of the Islamic Republic of Iran and other parts of the world. They have been defeated in this arena.
The hope that they had was not fulfilled.
The members of our shallowners have been defeated by over two thirds of the peoples of the world. The heads of state and high-ranking officials of the Islamic Republic have attended the Tehran Conference.
They all were proud of the Iranian nation.
They told us this during our visit and they explained it to us.
It is exactly what the enemies of the Iranian nation are looking for.
They have not been able to do anything.
In the political arena, their objective is to create doubts on the people of Iran about their path. They create discord between Iran and the Islamic Republic when they kill people and deceive them.
On Bahman 22, the Iranian nation broke their backs on the issue of Islamophobia and the uprisings of the Revolution and the uprisings of the clergy.
In the arena of peace, they have done whatever they can to deceive the Iranian nation. The government officials have focused their attention on debunking such events in writing in the media.
In the political arena of the region, they did an effort to divert the attention of the Islamic Republic from this great power.
In the political arena of the region, they themselves proved that there is no regional issue which can be resolved with the presence of Iran and the support of Iran.
In the event of the Zionist attack on Gaza, the veteran nuclear warplane of the Iranian regime has placed the Zionists under the protection of the Palestinians. They have repeated this already.
The Palestinians did not resist in the face of the Islamic Republic and its power, and the Palestinians did not resist in the face of the (the) Israil's orders.
This is because during the eight-day war the Palestinians managed to break the law of the Zionist regime.
I said that their efforts would not affect anything.
That is to say, the sanctions affected the Iranian nation and its capabilities as well, and they made great achievements. If the sanctions were not for the Iranian nation and its capabilities, these things would not have happened.
The youth of our country managed to achieve great achievements in the arena of economic matters, which I will briefly discuss later on. In the arena of construction, which I will briefly discuss briefly, the year 1391 was an extraordinary achievement. Compared to the past, it can be said that the year 1391 was a maras of achievements.
“Citizens have made many achievements in various areas: in the area of manufacturing, in the area of energy, in the area of domestic production, in the area of research and development, in the area of uranium production, in the area of energy production and many other areas.
We witnessed a great scientific advance in the field of knowledge in the year 1391.
In scientific and technological arenas, a number of great achievements have been made to bring about a happy life for the people who believed in the future of the country.
That is to say, the year that they are trying to impose their oppressive policies on the Iranian nation was not spent in vain. Our dear youth and our outstanding personalities in this year brought the concept of a re-appearance in the arena of Qom to life. They brought the concept of a re-appearance in the arena of Qom to life.
When this happy person steps up to the famalay world and becomes a global sensation in the face of medical advances, many people in the world apprehend him because he is so kawaii.
But from that moment, after truth proclaimed to everyone, they realized that they had no option but to believe in it.
In terms of health and medical affairs, there have been great achievements in the area of managing manpower.
In the area of agriculture, we were the second largest producer of agriculture in the region.
In different areas, great achievements have been made and there are still many outstanding achievements.
In this year's programs, we have focused on safeguarding the welfare of our people and promoting a happy and healthy life for all our people.
In this year, we have been pioneers in different areas.
In the scientific and technological arena, the country has made astonishing progress compared to last year.
In the year 1391, there were eight students of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Islamic seminary in Tehran, who recited verses from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech in a meeting with the assembly of the Guardian Council.
That is to say, the total number of our graduates in the last year's graduation ceremonies was five times more than the total number of students enrolled in the graduation ceremonies held in our university last year.
This is another achievement that the great Iranian nation has made.
In terms of minerals, natural resources, and rare metals, in terms of tsirrawa, and in terms of nuclear power, the country has made great achievements.
All these things happened in the year when the enemies of the Iranian nation made every effort to deceive the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to have a good understanding of the events of the year 1391. This understanding means that any society which is prepared to resist the pressures of the enemies will not be defeated in the face of all the measures and sanctions.
It stated that what is important for a nation is relying on its strength, relying on Allah the Exalted, and resisting to the greed of its enemies.
This is what will blossom.
Shekara 1391 was also a religious fage.
Of course, we should identify our weakness. That is the characteristic of Islam.
It is necessary for the Armed Forces to identify their strength and weakness so that they can fix it.
We should identify our weakness.
This weakness is due to our unreasonable reliance on God - which I mentioned earlier that this is one of our weaknesses - on political issues, on economic matters, and on the issues that are at the centre of our current and future issues.
The officials who are in charge of the elections - the people who will be elected after the elections this year and the people who will be elected after the presidential elections - should pay attention to this point.
The main achievement that we have been made is that the foundation of the country is strong.
When blood is abundant, the enemies will not affect much.
If the esteemed government officials of our country have identified the responsibility appropriately, they will be able to respond to threats appropriately and they will be able to turn threats into opportunities. Just as we did in the year 1391, we will be able to turn threats into opportunities.
I hope Allah the Exalted will increase the effect of the measures adopted by the officials and the people of our country in the year 1391.
Of course, the issue of economy is an important issue which has been discussed many times, but the issue of security is not just an important issue. Security of the country is important, human health and progress of the country are important, and fundamental progress of knowledge is important.
This is because if knowledge grows in the country, all other affairs that will take place in the country will be easier on a daily basis.
The power and glory of a country is important. Discipline and dynamism of a nation is important. The effect of the enthusiastic nature of an international nation in a country and a country when it comes to safeguarding the independence and security of its country is very important.
We have made progress in all these areas.
In terms of security as well as in terms of health, we have seen different kinds of problems in the country, both in terms of internal and international pressures and different kinds of problems.
In these developments, our nation showed that the lack of presence of America does not mean staying here. This is one point which is very important.
The powers of the arrogant powers and colonialists - when the powers of the arrogant powers are dominant, America wants to show to the people of the world that if you are looking for a good life and progress, you should be at the service of our power.
The Iranian nation has proven that it is a lie.
We have proven that our nation will not make progress in the face of America and other great powers of the world.
The same is true of the U.S.
We have such experience over the past 30 years. You should see how many years the Islamic Republic has been in the making and how much the Islamic Republic has moved forward steadily.
The more one understands, the more one will realize that despite the fact that global powers are threatening a nation, the more one will be vulnerable to global attacks.
The Iranian nation, by Allah's grace and favor, has benefitted from this opportunity.
We did this at a certain stage and we saw its effects.
The other reason is that the issue of nuclear weaponry is one of the most urgent scientific issues that the country needs.
That is to say, if we fail to achieve this balance, we will be forced to re-enter the arena again.
Their enmity towards the national interests is enough to make the Islamic Republic uncomfortable with what they have presented and their demands.
The situation got so bad that our youth and intellectuals, unfortunately, could not afford to buy the 20-percent fuel in the country for the research and development that this foundation is doing.
The opposing camp does not allow us to do so.
We managed to strengthen this resistance of the Iranian nation at the very best of the times. But at the best of the time, our government officials recognized the need to strengthen this resistance and we managed to do so.
When they think that the Islamic Republic will come to their knees and demand that they should build Armed Forces that are equipped with the products of years past, the Islamic Republic announced that we have not been able to build the Armed Forces that are necessary for the country.
If the youth of our country and our youth did not do this, we will be confronted with the consequences of weakness, malevolence and dependence on the domineering powers that we have. We must stand up against them and talk to them.
The governments of the country identified this and when they understood this, they did what they should do.
Therefore, we should achieve victory. This is the order of government in all the areas that affect the country. Government officials of Iran should place more emphasis on preparing the ground for the enemies' efforts than they did in preparing the ground for the enemy's activities.
The Makalolin that they write should be in this area. The research that they do research on the basis of knowledge should be in this area.
If they are based on this principle, if they are based on this principle, they will be pioneers in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to make efforts so that our country is not vulnerable to the enemies’ attack and interference.
We should preserve this. This is one of the essential needs of our economy.
In the arena of economic resistance, one of the essential things that the economy can do is to stand up against threats.
The economy should be resistant in the face of all kinds of threats. It should be able to defend itself from the machinations of the enemies.
This is the first point that should be announced to you.
The second point is that the Americans are often telling us in different ways that we should discuss nuclear issues with them. They are often telling us that they should discuss the issue with us on the basis of their own words.
The officials in charge of the 5+1 negotiations on the nuclear issue, the US and the Islamic Republic of Iran's representatives, told us that you should come and participate in the negotiations on the nuclear issue. I have no hope about the negotiations.
Why?
This is because our experience shows that negotiations in the US do not mean that we should stand by and wait for any outcome.
What they mean by negotiating is that we should stand by and talk to them so that they know what they are talking about!
Therefore, today I am not saying that this is not a negotiated deal. This is because Iran will not be able to do so.
I am not claiming that I have any hopes or plans for the things that they say, but I am not claiming that I have no hopes or plans for the things that they say.
It is also necessary to note a few points which should be discussed:
The first point is that America has always asked us to send messages [about the Islamic Republic]. They have always said that they were not going to send messages [about the Islamic Republic].
The problem with us is that we are not Muslims and do not want to change the Islamic system. You either have the right to or not to follow the Islamic system or not, should I just say that you do not want to change Islam.
When you are committed to the Islamic Republic and you deny the fact that you have been disinvited from practicing it, you cannot do anything.
The second point is that the Americans are so comfortable with the notion that they are involved in the negotiations.
That is to say, we are willing to negotiate with you and you will have a fair and balanced discussion.
I would like to explain this to them. Many times I have said to them that we are not doing anything to deploy the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps, but they have said to you that we are not trusting you.
For example, why should we believe what you say?
When you do not speak the truth in a populist way and when you do not speak politely and when we do not want to be influenced by your statements, do we believe in what you say?
The fact that we have come to the conclusion that the negotiations between the U.S. and the Americans are dangerous is a clear indication of the mentality of the people: the people of the world and the people of our country.
You should be sure that this is not the case.
Is it possible to prove this?
I would like to make it known that one of their strategies is to spread lies and accusations that some people from the Leader's camp went to America and engaged in negotiations.
This is a tool for propaganda and it is powerful.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that there is nobody in the meeting with them.
The Third point is that we know, based on experience, that the Americans do not want to undermine their nuclear negotiations.
The Americans do not want to settle this issue at the end of the nuclear negotiations and resolve this issue. If they do not want to settle this issue at the end of the negotiations and resolve the problem, they will go through a different path.
The only reason that the Iranian regime is concerned with the nuclear issue is that the world has accepted the right to nuclear power, which is a fundamental right.
The dominant powers of the world believe that the Iranian nation should use uranium for the sake of safeguarding the health of its country and its people.
Is this a great hope? Is this something that we have always said. No, I really do not want to say that.
They said that we were comfortable with your decision.
They are in fact members of a group called the global armed forces. They call themselves the "soldiers of the taghuti and the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghuti of the taghu
They used to say that the leaders of the world are afraid.
A' no, the world of Islam does not have a doubt about this.
In many countries, the support of the Islamic Republic and our needs has been increased because the bukata of the Iranian nation has been increased.
They should accept the wrong position Iran has adopted on the issue of uranium and, in the course of this dam, they can implement the world’s nuclear law.
If we fail to identify the solution, the Americans will resort to katakata and blocking the path to resolution of the problem.
Their intentions are to make this situation so bad that they can become a satanic trap.
The sanctions that they are imposed on us are not like the ones they are imposing on the Iranian nation.
The fifth point that I would like to discuss is that if the Americans were to try to de-escalate this issue, they would be faced with a lot of problems.
The following is the direction of the enmity of the Americans towards the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they like that they want to resolve the problems of our relations with America - they like that they want to resolve the problems of our relations with Iran - they will bring about this issue.
Their enmity towards the Iranian nation has been increased ever since. Ever since, during the past 30 years, several different governments have been making use of the enmity of the Iranian nation in order to create problems for our nation.
Their enmity towards us has been intensified since the beginning of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic Republic.
In the arena of economy, they prepared the defense lines for our defense. They made military attacks. They made military attacks. They supported our enemies for many years. They exerted every possible measure to undermine our economy.
I seriously ask the American officials, if they are looking for a simple way to do their job, the only way to do so is to strengthen their political will, re-establish their influence and bring the Iranian nation to its knees.
The issue of elections, which should be discussed in detail in our meetings, is one of the most important issues.
The elections in our country are a manifestation of political valor.
The elections are a manifestation of political willpower. They are a manifestation of the firm position of the Islamic Republic and its honor. The Islamic Republic enjoys the presence of the people during the elections and the participation of prominent figures of the Islamic Republic in the national parliamentary elections.
The election is a national flag, a flag of democracy.
Therefore, by relying on elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation are trying to create a rift in the Iranian nation's elections."
They designed plans to prevent people from voting, killing them and force them to desist.
The fact that we have dealt serious attention to elections - including the presidential elections and the presidential elections - is that our enemies have focused their efforts on defeating elections simply because they saw the significance of elections in our country.
“There have been two or three months in which time,” or “in which time,” should be said.
However, I will briefly mention a few points.
The first point that is important in the beginning of the election is that the presence of the people in the arena of elections during the elections is very important.
The influx of the people during the elections greatly increases the threats of the enemy - it can seriously affect the security of the country.
We should all know that their presence in the elections will influence the future of the country.
This is the first point. By Allah's grace and favor, the Iranian nation has managed to organize a great election.
The second point is that all parties and all those who believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is the duty of everybody and this is also a responsibility of everybody.
The elections do not belong to a particular party or party in particular.
All those who believe in the Islamic Republic and are committed to the destiny of this country, all those who are committed to the future of this country and are committed to the progress of the nation should participate in this election.
The fact that there are so many opposing camps in the elections is a clear indication of the positions that are opposed to the Islamic Republic.
The third point is that the opinion of the people determines the outcome of the election.
You should conduct a comprehensive examination of the qualified candidates by interviewing them. You should advise the people you trust to find a righteous candidate for you to choose.
I do not have the luxury of limiting one's pleasure.
I am, like other people, an inexhaustible number of people and so the number of the people who are voting in my parliamentary elections is unknown to me.
The people who look at the ballot boxes when they are counting shoulder to shoulder know that I am voting for the first time and they should understand that I am voting for the first time.
If someone says such things, it is not true.
Of course, in these days and in the new media, other kinds of propaganda - such as the sarcastic statements that we sometimes receive from different people in different places - I used to recite some of these things to another person.
It is one thing to send a message, but it is quite another to deliver a message.
It was reported that on election day, about a million messages were forwarded to the ballot boxes.
The more you pay attention to these things, the more you will benefit from them.
In one case, a particular person or political party could have attracted a whole population of people to its camp. This is totally natural and natural, but in the event of a particular person or party, they would never receive a response from me.
In any case, they can advise and help one another to find a man who is righteous.
Of course, the standard is self-education and the self-education of the people.
The fourth point is that in the events that are related to elections and those that are not related to elections, everybody should be against the law. They should be against the law.
The event that happened in the year 1388 - which was creating serious problems for our country - was the result of unawareness of some people's laws. They did not want to appreciate the appreciate of the people.
It is possible to criticize other people's actions. It is possible to criticize ourselves, but we should be respected.
It is necessary to appreciate what the largest number of people can achieve.
It is necessary to implement these laws.
We should not invite the people to the bore of titi because what happened in the year 1388 was in fact one of the most catastrophic events that could not be avoided.
This is a lesson for the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation will have to resist in the face of this.
The final point is that everybody should know that what we are demanding from the President is a good point of view and not the weakness of the existing positions.
The government officials should know that the president should try to address the problems of the country at the right time, but with every opportunity he has.
The strength of one's skill depends on its weakness.
The heads of governments - both current and future leaders - have different dimensions and dimensions.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution had acted in the same way as the previous administration and the current president.
That is to say, government officials everywhere should try to move forward in a steady manner.
The people who are in the preparedness to enter this arena should make use of all their power, relying on God and relying on their innate talents.
Dear God, give this nation a productive, happy and successful life.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with each of us.
Dear God, associate the immaculate soul of our magnanimous Imam with the souls of our martyrs.
Dear God, make the things that I spoke about necessary for yourselves and dear God, accept them as divine blessings.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with officials in charge of economic matters.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to welcome the dear brothers and sisters who are working on different sectors of the economy of the country.
In another meeting, we will discuss the significance of economic matters in a world in which economic matters are the most important matters.
We want to have a day when the people from different sectors of the economy, from private, non-governmental and different sectors of the economy, can come together and work together in a ceaseless manner so that we can see, learn, understand and try to improve the economy of our country in a ceaseless manner. I would like to see that the government, the officials in charge of economic matters, the private sector and other relevant sectors of the country â€“ both government and industry â€“ should work together in a ceaseless manner so that we can see, hear and try to improve the economy of our country in a ceaseless manner.
This is the first step we should take.
This is a message to everybody - to the officials in charge of economic matters, to the managers who are responsible for economic affairs in all sectors of the country and to the people who should pay attention to the issue of economic matters.
The second point, which was attended by the event and which is thankfully being carried out by the organizers of this meeting, is that the government officials will not be able to give an accurate report on the current conditions of the country, the progress of the country and the movements that are being carried out in the country.
I am not saying that there should be constantly and constantly mentioning the progress of the country. No, I believe that it is necessary to mention the achievements which have been made and the opportunities which have been created for the country. However, what I see today is that the people of our country should know that the country has made progress thanks to their efforts, efforts of the officials of the country and other valuable capacities in the country.
I would tell you that I am in contact with the people.
That is to say, the things that you said and that you presented in different meetings - which I have written down in my book and will be republished later on insha Allah's favor - are usually not good news for a particular group of people.
The fact that so many great achievements have been made in the country is a source of pride for the Iranian nation.
It is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made good progress in the production area, in the agricultural area, in the service area, in the industry, in many other areas.
This is an extraordinary phenomenon which will raise the spirit of hope for the people and make them happy.
I would like to take this opportunity to remind all of us that today one of the methods of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to assassinate people.
The statements that must be said should not be borrowed from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) re-appearance.
It is necessary to feel that we have made progress as a result of having removed the obstacles from our path.
The first point is that we have chosen the year 1390 as "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen the year "June 1390" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad" First of all, we have chosen "The Year of Economic Jihad
The policy of the arrogant powers is to harm the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in the arena of economic matters.
While they have claimed that the nuclear issue was the reason behind the so-called economic sanctions, this is not the case. The issue of the nuclear issue is not the reason behind the so-called economic sanctions.
I remember that when they made the first clause (Figure 1) which is the standard for the sanctions that they imposed on the country, there were no such things.
However, as far as I know, these negotiations are not important. But they are still the type of negotiations that are common among nuclear negotiations.
The goal is to restruct the economy of the country.
The alfauge is that the Iranian nation has paid attention to these sanctions for two decades.
Of course, the negotiations were not thwarted by sanctions, but by the increased complexity of the construction projects in the country, the negotiations were not thwarted. Ever since the beginning of the process of negotiations, different kinds of sanctions have been imposed on us.
Therefore, it is necessary to preserve it. It is necessary to identify the enemy's efforts and sources and to prepare the ground for their efforts.
Of course, we need jihad in the areas of economic matters.
It is not the case that a movement should be launched with the slogan of jihad.
The characteristics of a movement are characteristics of jihad.
The jihad against such takfirism and sectarian terrorism is one of the essential forms of jihad.
The meaning of this movement is jihad.
In this sense, economic jihad means the movement that has been carried out by the Iranian nation with the goal of curbing the enemies' will.
The other point is that we should take care of domestic affairs. During the construction projects - which are a very important and vital part of the construction project - we should prepare the country for the growth of the country in all areas, especially in the life and living areas.
The other nations will not sit by and talk about their first zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama zama
Of course we do not use these methods and we will not use them again.
Therefore, we need jihad.
This initial effort should be highly motivated and it should have a profound thought in mind so that we can reach the peak.
This issue of the first step is not simply a slogan that we will achieve the first step. No, it is a fact that the future of the nations depends on this issue.
If a country fails to address the needs of the country in the areas of economic valor and scientific progress and if it does not address the needs of the country in the areas of technological progress and progress, it will be defeated by Allah the Exalted.
We do not want to make a mistake.
It is the second time in the country that we are faced with an injustice and oppression.
The failure of the arrogant powers to deal with the problems of the world and the regional developments is the main reason behind this oppression.
Since 1800, Ingleviat had entered the political arena with all its power. Unlike other European countries, it had remained isolated and isolated from the sun at that time.
The first air force of the English-language air force came to our country in the year 1800. It was the Indian Air Force which was controlled by the Indian government. And the Indian Air Force was controlled by the Indian government.
The children of our magnanimous fathers and the children of our outstanding personalities managed to make their machinations heard in this country. During those short periods of time, foreigners would have heard the enemy's statements inside the country.
We do not want this to continue.
The Islamic Revolution created such obstacles in their way.
We want this wall to become stronger.
We must not allow them to have interference with our economy, our culture, our politics, our future and our national wealth.
One of the pillars of national power is the economy.
This is the first reason why we think that we should be careful about us.
It does not say that the Iranian nation should be first in this region. It does not say that our nation should be first among the people of this region.
Therefore, it is necessary to preserve and strengthen our determination, which is accompanied by a determined heartfelt determination and which is accompanied by all the power and resources that have been invested in this country.
We felt this during the Revolution and we can see the progress of the country since then.
The events that happened in the oil-rich Niger Delta region before the victory of the Islamic Revolution nobody trusted.
The same is true of the dams and different other areas. The same is true of the agricultural areas. During the recent past, during which time, there was nobody predicted that these things would happen, but today we see that these things are happening before our eyes.
I said this because I am so privileged to work with different sectors of the country and so that no sector of the country will be able to give rise to progress and transcendence in the hereafter, no matter where they are.
This is a very important thing.
The economic situation of our country is very important.
The situation of our country and the number of our people and the number of the people who live in different parts of the world will be different. I said some time ago that if we take a look at the conditions of our country and the number of our people and the number of the people in the world, we will see that the world is different.
The majority of the people of the world are oppressed, just like the rest of the world and the rest of the world. Therefore, what is necessary is to rank at the top of the world's list of oppressed people, but we are ranked at the bottom of the world's list of oppressed people.
This is one of the important scientific areas and these scientific findings are very valuable.
This is the case with the naval forces that currently exist in the country and this is the case with the groundwaters that we have. However, we can take care of the naval forces through appropriate planning. Some of you have mentioned this in another meeting and I have also said that we can take care of the naval forces that we have.
This is because, in fact, the country is blessed with huge capacities.
The same is true of our region.
We are a sensitive and important place.
The fact that we have two maritime portrays in the region and that there is a strong link between the east and the west, that is, between Asiya and Europe, is another important factor in the region.
All these things are good for us.
In the present time, we are far more disappointed than we did in the beginning of the eight-year war and the eight-year war of the Iraqi Armed Forces.
That is to say, five years is the minimum requirement for achieving achieving achieving achieving a five-year term.
Of course many achievements have been made during the past four decades.
According to the report which was presented and according to which we have acted, there were valuable and important activities to be carried out, but there were also other activities that were not carried out and they should be carried out.
The policies announced on the arena of improving the economy, the policies announced on the front lines of the economy and the policies announced on the front lines of the labor market - those announced on the front lines of the economy and the policies announced on the front lines of the 44th CJN - are all in line with one another.
If we manage to do our job in a systematic and correct manner, we will benefit from the many opportunities and great blessings that have been mentioned in this meeting.
The political atmosphere can create unity and stabilize the economy.
Of course, not only did these goals not exist during the past four decades, but there were other factors that prevented this from happening: domestic issues, domestic disagreements, and foreign commitments.
The fact that we lost 8 per cent of our oil production or that we lost the ability to withstand the hardships of production or that we lost our confidence in the exchanging of oil products â€“ which I mentioned earlier in this meeting â€“ is not unlike other things.
This is why we have made so many efforts in the last five years to fill the gaps that are left in the gaps that are left with the potential to fill the gaps that are left with the gaps that are left with the gaps that are left with the gaps that are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the gaps are left with the gaps that the
On the basis of what is said in this article, we should take care of the domestic factor and the economy of the country.
It is one thing to achieve one's goal, but it is quite another to transform a economy that is struggling to achieve sustainable economic results by bringing in both businessmen and investors in the economic arena.
They made it known that the foreign exchange rate hike in the past five years to N16 billion.
It is necessary to achieve this.
In the arena of economic valor, there have been good achievements, but there are not enough efforts to be made. The issue is not just that we are trying to mika the economic sector, we are not trying to rescue it. Rather, there are other issues which are necessary and worthy of attention: it is necessary to strengthen the capacity of the private sector, it is necessary to establish a good management system and to be able to evaluate it appropriately.
If there are good and bad things, there are also good things to be done.
I have spoken about the issue of warning of economic corruption many times.
When I spoke about this issue, other people used to come to me and say that the discourse that you exergate on the issue of economic hardships will disable the business to enter the arena of economic valor.
I just said that what they are doing is a sign that will make them shig.
If a business wishes to have a halal and if it is willing to engage in halal activities, it will be able to do so in the best way possible and if the business does not submit to the government’s pressures, it will be able to deceive and temp the competition.
We are opposed to the satanic governments and the providences, and we oppose the unemployed and unemployed. We need to stand up against the hardworking and weakened governments and businesses that are creating problems for our country. It is necessary to stand up against the hardworking and weakened governments and businesses that are creating problems for our country.
The silver lining is that many or most of the ministers of economic matters and executive officials of the country are sitting in this area.
This is how they interpret the things that they heard. They interpret what they heard - namely, the statements that they made regarding ababe or the shades that they saw. I would tell you that you should reflect on what they heard.
We must not let what has been said about us go unnoticed.
The point is that Mr. Tawakkuli did not mention positive points. He did not say when he was advised to do something that is necessary and when he was advised not to do something that is not necessary, he used to say when he was advised not to do something that is necessary and when he was advised not to do something that is not necessary.
If you pay attention to these recommendations, you will receive good, tangible and measurable results. There are many things that I would like to discuss in this regard. I will refer to two or three things, and one of them is related to the government and the affected communities.
First, the economic issue and the issue of production are the main issues. Production is the basis of economic valor.
For the sake of the economy and the vastness of the role of the government on the scene, it is necessary to pay attention to the effect of social factors and activities on the scene. As the law says, 30 per cent of the population are affected by social factors.
Of course some of the government officials who spoke to us felt that the 30 per cent needed to be saved.
This may be the case in certain areas, but in general the area of production and distribution of essentially depends on the support of the government.
There are certain areas that are vulnerable to sanctions and we should benefit from these areas.
But the business person has a duty to play an important role in this regard: (companied) planting, harvesting, management and marketing the products that have been expired in the market.
Some government officials had come to me and told me that some of the companies did not do a damn thing to sabunta the injunan that were being assembled and used to assemble in the factory. They used to assemble in the factory and lay down their lives. They used to assemble in the factory and lay down their lives.
It is necessary to pay attention to this point.
Of course, the government's presence in this arena is important. It is indeed necessary to be constantly vigilant.
It is necessary to pay attention to such people. But it is necessary to pay attention to such people - that is to say, the mummified people who were using the money that was given to them in order to do something other than what they were doing.
It is necessary to be prepared for this situation to avert the possibility that honest and sincere laborers, who are committed to doing their job, will not be able to do so in the future.
The next point is the issue of exports. I have discussed this issue many times before and instructed the officials on the ways to do so.
There is not anybody who is opposed to exporting goods. There is nobody who is opposed to shigoing and weapons, but there is an organization that is opposed to it.
The fact that we must sometimes stand by and wait for a while — for example, the days of Eid and Labor Week — to have a product on the market is a great reason to increase our export supplies.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic production.
A lot of things have been said about Iranian consumption of domestic products. If consumption of domestic products is not more important than quality and price of domestic products, shigoing of domestic products will not affect the quality of these products.
I am not claiming this is a strong reason.
In the case of grain and especially on the issue of leather, I would say that the issue of exporting leather is an extremely complex issue requiring a strong reasoning and understanding.
In the field of farming we have good products.
One of the teachers presented a report on the use of timber for fertiliser.
The Iranian nation is one of the most advanced countries in this regard.
We should increase the production value of our products.
We should prepare the ground for the world to see what is available to us in Iran. We should not import products from Latin America and the U.S. which are not comparable to what we have here.
The next point is the issue of exports.
Of course, the government has a duty to assist the producers.
The silver lining in this situation is that we can see that the products that we export have made progress in the past as well as the products that we import do not have made a lot of progress. We can see that we will make progress in the near future as well as the products that we import.
As members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, we should make us stand on the medal platform in order to give ourselves the strength to run towards the peaks.
One of the challenges that faces the economy of our country and the national economy today is the need to resist to the pressures that are being imposed on us through the use of manpower.
In the past - or at least during the time of governmental terms - we have always said that we should behave in a way that if on a day for the sake of political matters and economic matters we had to decide to give up all our oil consumption in a few days or weeks, we would have acted in a way that we could not do so.
You should consider what a great event will happen in the world.
Today we cannot do such things because we are suffering from high backwardness.
If the economy of the country is determined by relying on foreign oil resources, the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will achieve such power that its influence will be extensive in the world.
We should do this. This is the case. You should support the Iranian nation.
In this regard, the producers and their officials have a responsibility to shoulder. They shoulder the heavy responsibility in the face of the fact that we export many of the products that we consume.
There are many factories in the world that have been manufacturing and supplying products to the people and the country for many years.
As an example, the Jamus or Swiss factory has been making products and selling them for many years. They have had their fair share of the goods in our country as well as other countries.
For what?
It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
This is where we need culture and practice.
The issue of threats against the economy is very important.
If a latter person does not manage to make a position in the government that will help him, he will not be able to play a role in the economic affairs of the country.
Therefore, executive officials have a duty to prevent the spread of economic corruption in public organizations.
For example, if you understand that a disease is spreading through the sea, there will be no kindness and sympathy for you (for the affected areas) and no benefit for you. You should know that what happens will not be comparable to what a number of people are suffering from.
It is economically harmful.
If you are in contact with government officials or if you are witness to economic fasades in certain organizations, do not speak to them.
The diseases that affect the economy are among the most dangerous things that can be incurred in the face of economic hardships. We should take care of this very much.
One of the things that is necessary is to implement the principles of progress and coral bleaching. I discussed the issue of coral bleaching in the 44th of Aban during the presidential elections.
We need a political cikle in the area of unity.
As one of the brothers mentioned, the best way to do so is to assemble in a union under the shade of this unified banking system. This unified banking system can be created and operated under the shade of this unified banking system.
The main issue at the end is that we must pay more attention to the issue of clarification of the market accessibility in the country for the private sector as well as the sector of the economy.
That is to say, the sides of the business must realize that there are many opportunities and they should be aware of this fact.
The victims of these crimes use it in a disgusting way.
It is necessary to clarify the situation for everyone.
The government that has presented this document should make certain points. Of course, in the previous governments that had presented this document, certain things were already done but didn't come to the conclusion that they were not in line with the document.
It is necessary to make efforts in this regard.
The things that I have written down are good, but when the prayers are done, I will stand by them.
I hope by Allah's favor, this zaman will make more sense for the hearts of the people of our country and the Islamic Republic, and that the destiny of this country will be determined in a determined, determined and vigilant way.
The spirit of ‘resistance and activeness’ that we introduced last year should be integrated with the spirit of strengthening the economy.
We hope everybody will make efforts.
The future of the country is far better than its present condition. The strength of the country and its existence are very great.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faithful and motivated people in this country.
This country has many capacities to call the world into its second position in the world.
The history of our country, our cultural heritage, our human and national resources are all indebted to us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people of Mashhad province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and infallible household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted that I was present on this auspicious occasion - that is to say, the day when our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) was martyred (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake and may God hasten his reappearance) on the day of Imam Ali (r.a.s.).
I would like to congratulate all the dear brothers and sisters who have come together to enjoy this great meeting and this great meeting together - both those who have come together from different social backgrounds and those who are listening to this interview.
This public gathering was in fact a case of the Iranian nation. On that day, our dear people from different countries - from the farthest and from the southeastern part of the country - gathered in Qom on the occasion of Abul Hasan al-Ridha (may God hasten his re-appearance) and the auspicious birthday anniversary of that great personality.
The brothers and sisters of the people of Mashhad are present in this meeting.
I would like to address this message to everybody and make them happy.
The auspicious Eid of Nurouz is upon all of us Iranian people and other Muslim nations who value this Eid as an opportunity to make use of it in different areas of the Islamic Ummah and the Islamic movement.
The Islamic view is that we should benefit from the opportunities, the circumstances, and the conditions that have been created in the world and the Iranian nation can utilize this opportunity to do the thing that Islam has commanded us to do - in the arena of Islamic jurisprudence and Islamic teachings.
We should explain the great goals of Islam to our people.
In these days, reliance on God is an opportunity to make selfless efforts, spend time with God, benefit from the blessings of other people and engage in dhikr and dua during religious holidays.
The truth is that during the past years, especially during the time of the Islamic government, our people have used the Eid al-Norouz to gather and rely on Allah the Exalted.
The interesting point is that at the beginning of the New Year, you will see that most people are gathering in churches, holy places, parks, restaurants and other places to pray, pray, and seek divine blessings.
This means that the Iranian nation is trying to benefit from the signs of religious content in different festivals.
It is necessary to pay attention to these points in all areas. And we should pay attention to Norouz's descriptions in order to increase our knowledge and understanding of the responsibilities that we hold sacred in the absence of them.
I hope that Allah the Exalted will help all of us and all the people of Iran succeed in this.
Today, about the opportunity that Allah the Exalted has created for us, I will speak about three issues.
The second point is related to the events of the year 1389. First point is that the events of the year 1389 were planned and organized by the Iranian nation and government officials. The second point is that the events of the year 1389 were planned and organized by the Iranian nation and government officials.
The third point is related to the events that happen in the region: the events that happen in the region, the events that happen in North Africa and the events that happen in the Islamic region. This point is due to the efforts of the enemies of Islam to distort and distort the realities of the region.
On the issue of the first point, I would like to say that the name of the year 1389 - that is, the Year of Intensified Effort and Labor - was clearly specified in the plan of our government officials and our people at different levels.
Of course the results of this great effort and this persistent effort will be felt soon. But regarding the first stage of the process, which was witnessed in the events of the year 1389, the measures adopted by the officials of the country and the efforts which were made by the people with the help of their officials, can be summarized as follows: Intensified effort and persistence.
This can be witnessed in many arenas.
We should start from the issue of knowledge and understanding.
In the beginning of the year 1389 - in the days of Eid - I had the opportunity to visit one of the most important scientific and technological centers of the country. During the month of Esfand, I had the opportunity to visit an Islamic and technological center in Tehran.
The scientific and technological progress that has been made in the country today cannot be compared to the progress that was made in the country in the past. I would like to make you announce this.
Since a number of years ago, such a great scientific movement has started in different areas and it has gained further momentum on a daily basis.
I recently received a message from a Ma'asumi (a.s.) which said, "Ilimina is power." It means that knowledge and understanding willpower a nation and a person.
It is a fact that knowledge and artistic talents have such characteristics.
Today the movement of the country in the area of knowledge and technology is clearly evident in most areas, particularly in the creative areas.
In different areas - in the area of agriculture, in the area of tourism, in the area of Nano, in the area of biodiversity, in the area of keratin, in the area of psychological and social studies, in the area of public health, in the area of social services, in the areas that affect the decisions and actions of our outstanding personalities and outstanding youth - one can clearly see the efforts that are made by the youth in charge of different areas.
As I said in my previous message to the people of Nurouz prayers, different research organizations have said that in the arena of international development, you are ahead of many countries in the world and your progress in the country has contributed most to the growth of the world.
There are two issues which are very important in the development of knowledge and technology and I deem it necessary to discuss them briefly.
The first point is that the majority of the executive officials who are working on this issue are young.
It is necessary to stand up against these gentlemen. It is necessary to stand up against these gentlemen. Of course there are faithful people who are working on this issue as well, and it is necessary to benefit from these faithful people.
The fourth point is that the people who are working on these great achievements are humble and powerful and they know what they are doing.
The main factor is the people. This is what our country is doing.
The youth of our country are doing this with enthusiasm and they feel that they are committed to the progress of the country and that they are committed to the issues that are the basis of the progress of the country.
The next point is that scientific progress, technological progress and the production of knowledge - which is very important and fundamental - are the things that have been built on the foundation of this progress.
It is necessary to prepare the ground for knowledge production and turn this knowledge into a technology and bring this technology to the global markets which will provide value for our country.
This is the direction of the educational system and the path of fulfilling the needs of the people.
The dear people should know that all those who evaluate the economy - including those whose economic view is in line with the government's view of economic valor and those whose economic orientation is in line with the interests of the administration - should acknowledge that the goal is to establish a permanent and accurate image of the government.
The exercise of strength in this arena is very difficult. And the arena of preparing the ground for strength is very difficult.
And thankfully the ground is prepared for this work to be carried out.
And the effect of public and private cooperation in this area is very good.
The movement of the people in this arena is very good. You can see the effects of this movement in the real sense of the word.
The first consequence or perhaps one of the first consequences of this action is that the public relations between the administration and the people are not regulated in a fair way.
This is a very important step that has been taken to ensure justice.
That is to say, there are two methods of management: saving the country and destroying the country.
The second year, I named this year as "The Year of Intensified Jihad and Jihad - Khamenei.ir with the aim of provoking ethnic conceit and distorting realities.
This is one of the ways to improve the quality of our national wealth.
The eight-month effort that was made to achieve the goals of the administration and to improve the quality of the services that it provides for the country was futile. The Iranian nation has benefitted from these efforts.
The prism of corruption, corruption and corruption - which is a divine blessing and a shortcoming in nature - has been decreased. We have been informed, but we have not benefitted from it.
This is one of the achievements that has been made and by Allah's favor, there will be increasing use of this talent in the future. The issue of the economy is also in this regard.
As far as labor and capital are concerned, one of the things that is necessary in the economic arena is to increase the production of domestic products.
The problem is that the country’s finances have become overwhelmingly higher on a daily basis.
This path has been opened up for us, and this path is being continued in our country on a daily basis. In seeds, in deposit, in stock and in the management of the country. This is the path that is clear and straight.
We are far more hopeful that one of the dreams that I have for many years is that we can manage our country in the absence of oil if needed.
Of course, it is not an easy task.
The more we know about the products that we are being consumed, the more we will know about our goals.
In this regard, great achievements were made in the year 1389.
The most important factor in the economic activities of the country is that the government officials of the United States and the United Kingdom of America have pinned their backs on the glory and corruption of some European governments.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they have increased the number of sanctions against Iran.
They used to think that the five-month sanctions that are imposed on us will disgrace the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation. This was their view.
They thought that sanctions would force these people to reveal their enmity towards the Iranian nation and that they would provoke the Iranian people to speak out against the Islamic Republic. They thought that this was the goal of their so-called sanctions.
The enemy has acted so brilliantly against these sanctions that the enemy has spread his wave of enmity to so many people that the enemy has become the enemy's mercenary.
The enemies have not achieved their goal through these sanctions.
Today, western politicians are spreading the wrong message that imposing sanctions on Iran is not a good use.
The problem with us has been this: we are exporting oil, but we are exporting fuel.
This is the sector of weakness of the Islamic Republic and we will not allow it to remain so.
The sanctions were imposed on us by our government officials. They made efforts, and we still need them.
This is something that I have felt from the young generations of the Iranian youth who were present in the meetings that I have attended to the meetings of the council and the meetings held at the end of Esfand.
They told us that we should try to keratize this legacy. We went to the location and they said that you are under the protection of the law and they will not allow you to step in. We understood that we should try to keratize this legacy.
“When we returned to the country, we thought, we felt, we did not dare to fight and we managed to fight against the enemies’ plots with the help of foreign coaches.
The government report said that in the year 1389, about three million vacant positions were created, which is more than five times more than the total number of vacant positions created by the factory.
In the arena of production, in the arena of urban development, in the arena of infrastructure and in the arena of social matters, in the arena of agriculture, in the arena of transportation and many other areas, good achievements have been made.
This is also true of the economic area.
The more complex the tasks that are ahead of us, the more we will be faced with.
And the thing that we saw in the year 1389 is that thankfully this year, in all senses of the word, the year of intensified effort and labor has started.
Of course the year 1389 does not have any characteristics. The year of the gospel, the year of laying down your life and making efforts is the year of intensified labor and hard work.
The Iranian nation and all government officials throughout the world should make efforts in a sincere and active way in order to address the needs of the Iranian nation and make efforts in a sincere way. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation and all government officials will make efforts in a sincere way in order to address the needs of the Iranian nation.
But in the opinion of the masses, the issue of the economy is the most important factor.
If our dear country makes a lot of progress in the area of economy, it will have a profound impact on the country as well as on the glory and dignity of the Iranian nation.
The important point is that we should move forward accompanied by treading the path of five years - that is to say, five years of progressive progress.
The greatness of our country depends on the power we have inside the country and the capability to utilize the talents that we have in the country appropriately.
The second day, in my inauguration address, I spoke about the issue of imposing increasing sanctions on our national resources.
The people should pay attention to these things.
I would like to make the officials of the country aware of the importance of strengthening the economy of the country. They should know the importance of strengthening the economy of the country and reducing the gap between the economy and the people.
This distance is not what we want. Islam does not accept this distance.
The Iranian nation should make efforts and work hard to achieve the goals that have been specified in its five-year strategic planning.
The issue of the inequalities and shortcomings in the country is one of the most important and essential issues.
In addition to the important role of the private sector, the role of the hardworking and innovative elements in the economic arena is another important and fundamental role. One of the things that particularly important is the role of the labor community - that is to say, the cooperation of the labor community in order to manufacture goods and to establish strong production lines.
It is necessary to develop such laws.
This is the support for progress of the workplace.
The most important characteristic of natural resources is having enough water and using it in the appropriate way. Today, the main source of water for our country is the groundwater, and most of the water we have in the country is the groundwater.
You should consider what will happen if by Allah's favor, the government manages to restore the stability of the river banks and if there is not enough water in the channels during these periods.
The same is true for the agricultural sector as well. In all other areas - the domestic sector, the industrial sector and other areas that need water - we have reduced the number of seeds we currently have in these areas.
In fact, the benefit of water from reefs with poor drainage properties will be doubled in the near future, which is an important point.
The presence of the people on the scene in the arena of economic matters is necessary.
If we want to succeed in this great economic movement in the country in the year 1390, there are certain things that must be done.
I will present the full text of these demands to you later on.
First of all, the spirit of jihad should be preserved.
The Iranian nation has made a lot of progress since the beginning of the Revolution. We have seen the growth of the spirit of jihad during the Sacred Defense Era, the growth of the spirit of self-sacrifice during the Sacred Defense Era and the growth of the spirit of jihad in the country.
If we have a spirit of jihad in all areas, including selfless efforts as well as hard work as lifetime work, our movement will definitely be accompanied by jihad.
The second aim is to strengthen the means of spirituality, piety, faith and self-confidence in society.
The world of Islam should know this.
The effect of religious enthusiasm on the hearts of the youth should not be reflected only on the occasions of Eid al-Adha or during thejuma prayers during Dua Kumeyl.
If a nation enjoys strong religious faith, it will nesackle its youth. It will nesackle its dear youth. It will nesackle the greatness of the hardships that are faced with.
In the arena of economic matters, the same is true of industrial matters.
The high capability of religious faith is a great attribute.
The next point is related to the issues related to the preparedness of the front lines. You should consider the main issues of the country and the needs of the country's people.
This means that if a group of people travels in a particular direction and are not able to reach a destination within a specified distance, they will be forced to cross into other directions.
Therefore, it is not possible to introduce doubts into the arena of action.
The other issue is the issue of unity and international understanding.
This unity that exists among the people and between the government officials and the people is promoted every day by the government officials. If there is common understanding among the people and if there is cooperation among government officials and if there is common understanding among the people, then this unity should be increased on a daily basis.
One of the greatest plots of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to create internal disputes. They discuss ideological, ethnic, political, organizational and other such issues in detail.
A silver lining in this dark cloud is that our nation is suffering from.
And those who are attached to our country - those who are committed to democracy and are proud of being part of the Iranian nation's democracy - should make themselves familiar with each other.
The government officials should be careful in this regard. They should try to avoid creating a rift between the two sides - maybe it is the right time to do so and maybe it is not the right time to do so.
I would like to thank the government officials for their efforts.
The most important issue of the world is on the issue of negotiations.
Of course it is necessary to keep these things in mind at a pre-specified level. At a certain stage, we would just see the activities being carried out in Tehran and other cities and write down some of these activities in newspapers and pictures.
This is totally useless.
In certain cases, for example, for the sake of carnal desires, what is the obligation in this regard?
The idea that I would like to discuss is that people and government officials should listen to, accept and work to be vigilant in this regard.
There is no need to do something that will harmful for many people.
Of course, this does not apply to the economic issue, and this does not mean that we should neglect other areas.
In all areas, especially in scientific and artistic areas, it is necessary to cooperate with the youth in order to take great achievements.
But the issues that exist in the region are very important. The issues that are happening in the region - that is, the issues of Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - are very important.
A great movement is being carried out in this region of the world in a Muslim andrabawa region. This is the manifestation of Islamic Awakening.
This issue has been witnessed in practice in the Islamic Republic of Iran as well as in the life of its nations. There are two characteristics of this issue:first is the issue of kasance of the people and second is the issue of religion andliance on God.
These two characteristics are the two essential things.
The presence of the people on the scene is the same kind of presence that was witnessed during the Revolution.
The so-called anti-vaxxers who lived in the forests, underground wedding chapels and in the streets have not been able to do anything.
The greatness of Imam Hussein (a.s.) is that he has allowed the people to enter the arena with the means that are necessary.
Today such events are unprecedented in other parts of the world.
The people of Egypt and Tunisia had prepared themselves for the battlefields. Otherwise, the problems would not have been solved. The people of Egypt and Tunisia had remained silent and unwilling to speak.
These were the people who entered the arena and were motivated by religious principles.
That is to say, the people who gave rise to the 13th of Aban, the people who gave rise to religious sentiments and religious statements in the country and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the arena of interpretation of religion in the country and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were involved in the political arena and those who were the standard and those who were the standard and those who were the standard and those who were supposed to be the standard and those who were supposed to be the standard and those
This is the characteristic of this behavior.
Why did they come here?
In Egypt, in Tunisia and in other countries, the same hegemony and oppression have been imposed on the people.
As the people of Egypt used to see, they recognized the leaders of the order of the Pharaoh and made the most efforts.
If it were said that Hosni Mubarak had not been able to cooperate with the Zionist regime in the area of Gaza, the Zionist regime would not have accepted the harassment that had happened to the people of Gaza.
The process was halted. Hosni Mubarak fled the front lines, helped, and then back to Egypt.
When he heard the story that the people of Gaza are biking by the ballot boxes in order to gag the ballot boxes, he immediately began to dig into the earth and began to dig into the earth again.
This was what Hosni Mubarak did.
The same is true of other countries.
As an example, in Libya, in the early years of his administration, Gaddafi had a strong and enlightened view of western powers, yet in the recent years he has offered great services as well as support to the west.
The Libiyan airport said that because of a threat, he had to pack all his nuclear weapons, he had to drop them on the ground, he had to give them a kiss and say, ‘let me tell you!’
You should consider the status of our nation and the individuals who are in it.
But our officials are not only stopping unscholarly work, but they are also stopping the kind of work that the enemies demand every year.
It is difficult to see such a kind of disrespect in the countries in which the people have risen up.
This is something that is important for us.
After these things happened, people did not realize that they were betraying the country. They did not know that they were betraying one another.
Of course what is witnessed by the Americans in these regions and other countries is the support of the dictatorships. They have been resisting in the face of Hosni Mubarak for a long time, but when they saw that they could not do so, they turned their back on him.
This is also a lesson for the leaders that depended on America and they know that when their tool is out, they will not be able to find a replacement for their tool.
The events that happened in the West and that took place in the USA are unprecedented.
The strategic foundations of the US government have been established on this foundation.
But they could not utilize this capacity to further their business.
The more the people can identify the enemy’s plots, the more they can curb and defeat his machinations.
The Americans have tried to de-escalate this process, but they have fallen behind. Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunisia, they will not do anything to de-escalate this process.
“By Allah's permission and grace, the US will continue experiencing the bitter taste of defeat in the region as well.
After losing their people in these countries, they have two goals in the minds of the people:first is the hunger of the people, second is the efforts that are made to promote this issue in some countries.
They have been defeated in this regard.
The second point is the kamanta. The purpose of the kamanta is to simulate what happened in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya in other countries.
Weakness of the Islamic Ummah is the main reason behind these claims - that is to say, the claims that the Islamic Ummah is threatening the rights of the people.
In no particular order, the honorable people of our country should not be surprised when the President of the United States addresses the Iranian nation and says, "You are our supporters." They do not want to be surprised when America says, "We are your supporters."
They are not just expressing their gratitude to other nations, rather they are expressing their hatred towards them.
The current President of the United States has employed billions of dollars in order to bring about a stable economy for himself and his country. He has employed millions of dollars in order to raya weaponry companies.
The people are spending money in order to build factories, establish production lines and finance these factories. Therefore, they are not helping even nations.
Today the American nation is faced with a serious economic crisis and it is suffering from increasing unemployment.
The same is true of prisons that have been used to torture people like Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, Iraq and other places that have tortured people in different places.
People do not understand these things.
Did the American president know what he was saying?
He really knows the people who are after his political path and he has not been aware of them.
He said that those who are dancing to the Azadi (free) system of Tehran are the same people who are dancing to the Egyptian system.
This is the truth, and on Bahman 22th of every year, the people who are gathering in this dandel of independence pray to God's angels and those who are speaking to them say, "Allah Ya'uts America".
In the area of the events that happen in the region, the position of the Islamic Republic is clear.
The basis of our support is the support of nations and their rights.
This is the flag of the Islamic Republic.
In this case, our hearts are these, and our knowledge and beliefs are these, both in the face of the people and in the officials of the country.
There are two countries that should be considered as important: first is Libiya and second is Bahrain.
In the case of Libya, we are totally responsible to the actions of the Libyan armed forces and the killing of people and destruction that they cause in the cities and villages. But the greed of the Americans, the anger of the Americans and other western countries is weaker than ever before.
The fact that we are in the Libiya to protect people and to engage in terrorist activities is not something that people can agree on.
If they din nanny-like Libiya people were really supporting the Libyan people in the real sense of the word, if they had been motivated by the feelings of the Libyan people, they would have dropped bombs on the Libyan people.
If you want to help them, you have to give them the Armed Forces, you have to give them the tools, you have to have the air force.
It is one thing to focus your efforts on killing people, it is another to support the people. You are not after protecting the people. You are after gaining control over the destiny of Libya. You are after safeguarding your status as a Libiyan.
The governments of Egypt and Tunisia should all be in touch with these matters. If you are interested in finding a position to use in the upcoming Egyptian, Tunisian and Egyptian governments, then you should be interested in them.
The reason why they hate us is because they hate us.
The rest of the world is in the hands of individuals. The junta, which should be of assistance to nations, is in the hands of individuals. They want to create a junta that is truly helpful to nations.
This is a source of disgrace for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreign soldiers in our Armed Forces and the presence of the west African nationals is unacceptable.
If you are determined to help the people of Libya, there is a silver lining in this regard. You can help them, strengthen them and help the people of Libya resolve the issue of Gaddafi.
The main need for elections is to organize the elections, and a person should be in charge of the elections. Is this a great demand?
This is a great hope. The elections are being carried out in Bahrain, but the people do not have the capability to analyze the situation properly.
In the end, the Americans were using this opportunity to re-acquaintance with the issues of the region through their new innovations, which was the case with Shia and Sunni Muslims.
The Bahraini people are considered Shia, so there is nobody supporting the opposition.
The talabijin officials of the region described the events that happened in the region, but they did not mention the events that happened in Bahrain. They did not mention the tragic massacre of the Bahraini people.
And there were some people from the Persian Gulf of Fasha - politicians and journalists - who used to speak out and say that the Bahraini issue is Shia and Sunni issue.
No, the oppressive behavior of a nation is not comparable to the oppression that has been imposed on the people of other nations. The events that happened in Tunisia, the events that happened in Egypt, the events that happened in Libya and the events that happened in Yemen are not different.
The Americans are happy that they managed to derail this event as a political event which exposed Shia and Sunni elements to the Americans through their media and propaganda tools.
They said that there were other reasons for the support of the Bahraini people.
We support all of them.
We have been supporting the Palestinian people for many years. A country is supporting its people in this way. How can a nation be supported by Iranian people during the past two decades?
Who are the Palestinians?
The youth of our country have gone out of the airport to allow us to enter Gaza!
It is about time to leave Gaza and attack Israil.
We told them to pack.
The people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt, Tunisia and Syria are not Shia.
Therefore, this is not the issue of Shia or Sunni.
The Egyptian activists are trying to present the Bahraini issue as an Shia and Sunni issue.
The problem is that some people with no purpose deny this legitimate claim.
If there is any hope in the people of Iran, I would tell them that the issue is not Shia and Sunni. This is a great hididative service to America and this is a great hididative service to the enemies of the Iranian nation who show and promote the great movement of a nation as a Sunni and Shia nation. There is no difference between Shia and Sunni.
We have no differences between Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
If a society enjoys the characteristics of Islam and freedom, it will be supported by our government.
The American President was disappointed with the statements of Bahrain and Saudi which were considered to be interfering in the affairs of the country. "When our people, our friends, our enemies and our hopefuls told you not to kill people, they said, "You are interfering in the affairs of the country."
It is a country that stands on the medal platform.
In a government, a oppressive and oppressive system, to kill your people is a violation of national security, but the influx of foreign mercenaries over the Bahraini Sea is not a violation of domestic security. This is against America and its agents and mercenaries in the region who propagate and promote it.
The Americans have been able to import tens of thousands of kilomitocities from the region.
When a person does such a thing, he is clearly making a mistake.
The first point that I would like to discuss is that by Allah's favor, a new movement has begun in the region.
As promised by Allah, this movement will definitely achieve victory.
The Iranian nation is like a proud nation and they are happy that they made the right move and are moving forward steadily.
The youth who have come to our seminaries and seminaries are not comparable to the revolutionary generation. If they are comparable to the revolutionary generation, they will not be comparable to the youth of that time.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and grace on this nation.
The honor belongs to you dear people of this nation, this movement and Islam and Muslims.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
This is the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household. Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, make the holy souls of our martyrs and our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) satisfied with us and make us benefit from the divine blessings and the divine remembrance.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with key government officials of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa, and upon his immaculate and pure household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I would like to welcome you dear brothers and sisters, the esteemed government officials and the concerned citizens of the country and I hope that Allah the Exalted will make this honorable person become a source of pleasure for all of you.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted that He allowed us to have a year to gather, organize and organize such a meeting in which he will speak about the most important issues of the country and the Islamic Republic of Iran’s recent events.
I will devout my statements to three aspects: the first aspect is that I would like to address the issues raised by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the second aspect is that we should address the issues raised by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the domestic issues.
The next point which I would like to discuss is the relationship between the issues that exist in our region and the issues that exist in the region.
The late Hajj Mirza Javad Agha Maliki Tabrizi - the Lord of the Worlds and the Prophet of Islam - in his book, Al-Murakabat, says that love is a divine gift which Allah the Exalted has bestowed on the believers and the believers.
The ayah states that "azumi is not just a ceremonial gesture, but a divine blessing which is necessary for the sake of it." This divine blessing, which is a source of dignity for God, is also a necessity.
It is one of the things that is more important than everything else in this regard and it is one of the characteristics of this movement is that it evokes a sense of peace and joy in the heart of the person which prepares the ground for the idea that "one year is one day(1)".
This is an appropriate and fundamental point. It refers to the badges and the spirit of one's youth, which reveals the truths and turns them into insights. It is necessary to pay attention to this point. We should think about the years of our youth.
Shekaruns are the main jari of a person.
The vast majority of the opportunities of life are obtained by living such a way - that is to say, the jari is a jari that can cut off the link between a person and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
We should think about it a lot.
We should consider how our life and night and day lies.
We should pay attention to the conditions of life,’’’ he said. “It’s a very sad thing to do that at the end of the day.”
It is gradually, but gradually, we become aware of the fact that this huge screen is in front of us and all is in front of us for divine blessings.
He used to use what he had, and what kind of methods were he using?
In the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in the absence of self-pity, in theabsence of self-pity, in theabsence of self-pity, in theabsence of self-pity, in theabsence of self-pity, in
Dear God, how should we think of this? How should our hearts be feeling at this time? These are the things that we should think of.
The prayer that I believe is the most important prayer.
“These are the things that the prayers that were recited by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) are extremely valuable. In his sermons, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) says: “These are the things that the prayers that were recited by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) were extremely valuable.
Therefore, these praying practices have a very important significance.
It is a great prayer for those who have heard it and it is a good reminder for those who have not heard it: it is one of the prayers contained in the Sahifat al-Sajjadiya book, the only prayer that is related to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said, "may God bestow Your blessings on Muhammad (s.w.a.) and on his household and on Muhammad (s.w.a.) and on the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and on the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and on the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and on the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and on the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
What does it mean to me to be a Christian and a fearful of God?
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on the faithful and fearful people in several things: in the first place, "the establishment of justice." Dear God, we can establish justice in society.
The fear of God's greetings be upon us and our people is one of the essential elements of piety and piety.
The fuility of a person who is outside the circle of religion is not comparable to the fuility of a group of people who are outside the circle of religion. A person who is outside the circle of religion is not comparable to a person who is outside the circle of public opinion. A person who is outside the circle of public opinion is not comparable to a person who is outside the circle of public opinion. A person who is outside the circle of public opinion is not comparable to a person who is outside the circle of popular opinion. A person outside the circle of social opinion is not comparable to a person who is outside the circle of popular opinion.
When you are furious about a particular person or group and speak with him, the effect of such fushes is not the effect of a person who has no responsibility whatsoever on the shoulder of another person.
We should be careful not to make a mistake.
Dear God, never lose sight of our hearts and souls in the affairs of our people...(4) Dear God, never lose sight of our hearts and souls in the affairs of our people...(4)".
A man killed by beating his mother with a nine-inch fish knife.
It is everybody's responsibility to avoid such a disaster.
The reason why we constantly repeat our statements to our friends, government officials, people who are in need of advice, to those who promote our ideas in the country or to any other part of the country is that they should be careful about what they say.
There is a time when a woman’s death is not only guaranteed by her physical integrity but also she can be subjected to more serious rape and sexual abuse.
The people who tread the path should make efforts in order to get to where they are. We should not let our movement, our behavior and our words go unnoticed by the people who tread the path.
We should not separate those who are not in line with the Islamic system from those who are supposed to be in line with it.
It is necessary to create discord between the people. If there is a disagreement between the people, we should try to divert them.
When a university official performs a good work, you should try to clarify it.
We have many different views on this issue.
This is another part of the prayer. The poems that I have recited in the book "The Holy Quran" are full of these truths.
I hope Allah the Exalted will make us benefit from His blessings.
These are a signs of fear.
This is the first area that I would like to discuss.
The second point is related to the political situation of the country.
This report, which was presented by our esteemed President, contains many important points. I would like to address the points that are not covered in the report, so that these clarification efforts can be made by anybody who knows the methods and the methods of labor and management.
I will explain this to a certain portion of the population of the country and I believe that this is an important issue for us.
Why is it important?
First of all, the situation of the country which is present and the way we are moving forward and the direction we should be moving towards it. This is very important and indeed daily and weekly. But today it is even more important. More importantly, it is possible to say that the situation of the world is changing because of the new situation of the country.
First of all, the historical condition of the region is very complex.
The Islamic Awakening and the great movements that are taking place in the region are not unprecedented. The Revolution has been carried out successfully since the beginning of the Revolution.
The fact that a great nation such as the Egyptian nation has carried out such a great movement and has imposed such pressures on the government and that it is threatening the activities of the haramtaccility of the Zionist regime in the region is very valuable.
In such conditions, we are faced with a situation that prepares the ground for the great movement of the Islamic Republic.
The economic issue which affects the heads of the arrogant western powers and which seeks to grow and develop is a great issue. It is not a minor issue, and it will not be ignored.
The statements that are made by the west and Americans on the issue of economic hardships which America and some other Western countries have faced and expressed concerns about the future of their country are part of this discussion. They are not all wrong.
The existence of intelligence services in the front lines and the management of the issues that are headed by intelligence services in major powers of the world do not allow the people of the world to fully understand the existence of these problems. No analysts, however, believe that the dimensions of these problems are far deeper than they say.
If I have time to speak about this issue later on, I will announce it to Allah the Exalted.
The next point is the widespread spread of anti-Western terrorism in the west, particularly in Europe. Particular examples are the Nazis of the European countries and the American mercenaries who are the organizers and protectors of the American Pahlavi regime and they publicly deny their innocence.
He attacked two Muslim countries.
There were other things that they could have done, but they were unsuccessful and Allah the Exalted did not allow them.
This is another point which is very important.
The event that happened in Norway should not be viewed as a simple happenstance.
We should take care of ourselves and see what position we have.
If we fail to identify the opportunities at the right time and fail to act on the right path, if we fail to benefit from the opportunities at the right time, we will be harmed.
In certain cases, forgetting one opportunity may be a threat and it may be a re-appearance.
Therefore, if we have careful eyes on the issues of the country, we will not have any problems with this view.
We should not make a mistake in this regard. We should not make a mistake in this regard. We have good points and weaknesses. We should look at each other.
The same is true of the radio, television and other such things.
When a person says something that is not true, they will say we should not allow him to reveal the truth.
Of course, this means that we should be careful about the nature of the issue.
I have been examining the issue on a daily basis.
Some of these newspapers on a daily basis bombard our hearts with negative propaganda, and each one of them strikes a chord in the heart of a disabled person.
We do not charge anybody, but this is a fact.
This is true of philosophy as well.
It is necessary to look at the strengthening aspect as well as the weakness of the material aspect.
It is necessary to implement both the government’s efforts and the oppressors’ efforts.
This is where we should look at the realities of the country. If we want to be able to fully appreciate the realities of the country, we should ajijab the dimensions of weakness and power.
Today I will present a short documentary on the events that happened, but these discussions need to be carried out in this regard.
The good news will show us the opportunities and the challenges that we have in this country.
The weakness of these areas will show us that we are not doing the necessary things and that we should not do the necessary things.
When we put these things together, they will show us the path. We will understand what we should do.
I have written five points which are the continuation of a trend that was witnessed during the 30 years of the Islamic Republic. During those 30 years, if not 30 years, there were many good governments, some bad governments and bad governance. But in the modern era, there were good governments.
The issue of internal threats is very important. One of the things that the Islamic Republic has achieved is the fact that it has been able to defeat different kinds of threats.
We have constantly faced different kinds of threats - threats of political will, threats of security, threats of economic matters and threats of national security. The purpose of these threats is to undermine the Islamic Republic.
It is possible to develop a government in such a way, but that does not mean that there is anything to be done.
This government has been successful in tackling all these threats.
Some of these things are the things that have been done by foreigners in order to create pressures on the Iranian nation to conform to these sanctions.
The sanctions have been imposed on our country for years. But the sanctions have increased insecurity and they are saying that these sanctions are fragile.
These sanctions, which were imposed by the United Nations and some others by the international community, have been imposed on us.
These are the things that make contacts strong with foreigners, who have control over the borders.
The government has managed to do all of these things inside the country despite being used as an example by the enemies to justify their actions. The government has managed to do all of these things inside the country despite being used as an example by the people of different ethnic groups. Today different ethnic groups live together peacefully and can see that they are committed to the government by relying on their willpower and determination.
This is one of our biggest strengths.
We should pay attention to this issue when we are evaluating the strength of this system.
It is very important to note that the Islamic Republic, which has been resisting in the face of various kinds of threats during the past two decades, has retreat through all these threats.
This is the first stage of the Islamic Republic's power.
Second is trust between the people and the government.