Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (Ayatollah Khamenei) the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (Ayatollah Khamenei) the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (Ayatollah Khamenei the Lea
Here’s a translation of the newspaper’s quote:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
These days, Southern Africa especially Somalia, especially Somalia, is faced with the most devastating disasters from the hunger and depression.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the issue is due to the extreme consideration of the people in the country, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the people
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Revolution is necessary to attend the 13th of Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution announced that the
The following is the full text of the message:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Humanity is a person who needs prayers and prayers for prayers and prayers for Allah the Exalted, who is the Lord of all things and who is the Lord of all things and who is the Lord of all things.
Divine religions have revealed the greatness of human beings and they have revealed the greatness of human beings and they have revealed the greatness of human beings and they have revealed the great
The blessing of praying night and night is an opportunity that helps human being safeguarded from the fight of destruction. The blessing of praying is an opportunity that helps human being safeguarde
When prayers, prayers and prayers combine a social system, Islamic prayers are represented in their spiritual rules.
The mosques are a symbol of this unity.
Praying in the masjids and in believers is like praying in the sacrifice of God's blessings. Praying in the masjids and in the sacrifice of God's blessings.
Because of prayers, the massacre becomes brilliant and important. The massacre becomes brilliant and intellectual and political issues as well as political issues as well as political issues.
This is why we should look at the mosques.
The pilgrimage spirit increases determination and enthusiasm.
Wherever there is a space for life, the massacre is the foundation.
The masjids should be the foundation of buildings in cities and villages, in schools and universities, in schools and labor centers - from markets and labor centers, to labor centers.
The prayers should be clean, clean and clean.
The leadership of the massacre is the responsibility of the massacre in which the teachers and teachers of the massacre should be responsible as well as the responsibility of the massacre.
If the palace is in the right condition, the religious and religious responsibility of the people and officials will decline.
I hope this day and our salam to the Imam of the Exalted (a.s.) may our souls be sacrificed for his sake.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011.
Leader's Meeting with Sa'ad Hariri - Khamenei.ir Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Sa'ad Hariri, the Leader of the Islamic Revolut
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the meetings between the two countries and stated: "The Islamic Republic of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic of the Isla
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the destruction of Lebanon and the Islamic Republic of Lebanon and the Islamic Republic of the Islamic Republic, adding: "The Leader of the Islamic Re
However, what can be a source of control for the Islamic Republic of Israel is resistance.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution described Lebanon as the only Arab country that can achieve victory against Israel and said: "Resistance is the only way to achieve victory against Israel.
Therefore, it is necessary to understand the greatness of it.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "Until the Islamic Republic of Israel continues, Lebanon will need resistance."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the relationship between Sa'ad Hariri and Sayyid Hassan Nasrullah (President of the Islamic Revolution) have been related to the relationship between Sa
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution stressed that the Islamic Republic of Iran is supporting the provision of unity and independence of the Lebanonian nation, stressing: "The Islamic Republic of Ira
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the previous meeting with Rafik Hariri, the former prime minister of Lebanon.
The Prime Minister of Lebanon, Sa'ad Hariri, the Prime Minister of Lebanon, Sa'ad Hariri, expressed his gratitude for the meeting with the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The Lebanonian Prime Minister added: "The Lebanonian government hopes that the relationships between the two countries will be strengthened in all areas, including: the Lebanonian government hopes th
Sa'ad Hariri reiterated that the Lebanonian government is a national government, adding that any discord between the Lebanonian people should be ignored, adding that any discord between the Lebanonia
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Union and Unity among different different different different different different different different different different different different different di
After long-term suspensions and the re-embarkation of Iranian prayers to Saudi Arabia, following negotiations between the two countries’ officials, the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Islamic Repu
Ayatollah Khamenei was one of the members of the Iranian delegation in the negotiations with Saudi Arabia.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that during the hajj, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution issued a message to the people of our country which includes important issues i
What is the philosophy of this message?
To resolve this question, first of all, it is necessary to explain certain issues.
First of all, the hajj, which is one of the Islamic faithful practices of Islam, has great goals.
The most important goal of the hajj, as we said in the Holy Quran, is to relate the Islamic Ummah to the work of the Prophet (s.w.a.) and the work of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
The Holy Quran describes every one of these times, saying: "And at that time, all the times of these times have been explained by Allah the Exalted, the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran and the Holy Qur
“I am the Leader of your leadership for the people.”
“And in my heart,” he said.
Of course, the second goal which is following this path is to create humanity, transform humanity into the origin of humanity, transform humanity into the origin of humanity and transform humanity in
These are all things that show the unity of the people and the unity of the Islamic Ummah.
The messages of the late Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (may Allah's grace be upon him) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (may Allah's grace be upon him) and the
The philosophy of this message – which is the philosophy of this message – and the reason why the Islamic Republic and the Leader of the Islamic Republic have been asked to the Islamic Republic a
The presentation of the hajj means that the public movement is a public movement.
Hajj is the star of Islam. What does Islam mean?
During the war, during the war, during the war, this means that the Armed Forces are present and the Armed Forces are present.
Therefore, relying on hajj and returning to the spirit of hajj is one of the greatest goals of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Therefore, in the messages by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to this issue as an important issue.
But from all signs, this issue of hajj has not been given the responsibility to promote it. Of course, we cannot understand the issue of hajj.
There are certain media and other media which are working on their activities but they do not make their activities according to the position of the Islamic Republic.
Media, all cultural officials, all cultural officials, all cultural officials, all cultural officials and all media media media and all media media media media and all media media media media should
It is necessary to make efforts in this arena.
No, this is not such a situation. The Saudi represents a message.
“When has this message been sent to the people?
But after the conflict – which was the reason why the Iranians did not go to hajj – an agreement was made after an agreement with the Iranians for years – an agreement was made after an agreeme
The both parties agreed that from that time until that time, no meeting would have been held in Makka, but on the 13th of Arafat – that is to say, the 13th of Arafat – the 13th of Arafat – the
No, the agreement on Du’a Kumail was agreed in one way. This was another agreement after all conflicts and conflicts.
We believe that the hajj is being sent to Muslim nations.
What has this message had influenced on the Iranian nation?
First, there were many prayers from different countries.
Second, this message is sent to there and may be translated into different translations in different translations in Mina and in another translation.
It is also presented in different languages on our media to have an influence on the hearts of Muslim nations. On the other hand, all Islamic communities and organizations in the world and all Islami
Sometimes this message was published in one of the British newspapers, all Zionist Zionists throughout the world took a look at this newspaper, and all Zionists throughout the world took a look at th
“When this happened in which year?
The Zionist Zionists are trying to prevent this message.
The Saudi regime not only helped the Saudi regime not only helped the propagation of this message, but sometimes they were arrested.
Of course such attacks have been reduced in recent years. But they are making efforts to end this message.
Sometimes we try to publish the message in foreign newspapers, but it is not published.
Many journalists do not acknowledge or permission of publishing.
In Europe, especially in Europe, especially in Europe.
As I said, they do not let us, but as I have said, we often show disappointment.
What is this message?
The prayers are the representatives of all the Islamic Ummah.
The camp is in fact a representative of the Islamic Ummah. The camp is in fact a representative of the Islamic Ummah with the intention to find connection with God.
It is necessary to pay attention to his eyes.
He was careful with his language.
The prohibited prayers of ihram are educating hajj.
I would learn the messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution over the past few years. I would learn the messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution over the past few years.
If you look at the messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution clearly, you see that the first thing that is mentioned in this message is the role of hajj.
This is what the Leader wants during hajj.
For example, the role of hajj can play a role in reducing the weakness of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point in the role of hajj is to reiterate that hajj is an Islamic spirit.
In one of his messages, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the hajj as a symbol of political movement and added: “In one of his messages, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred
If we pay attention to the foundations of the hajj, one of the foundations of the Hajj is one of the foundations of the Holy Place.
That is to say, all societies are responding to the judiciary and preparedness of God and responding to it.
The first point which is mentioned in this message is the role of the hajj in the history of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is the role of hajj in the education of public and individual beliefs.
This is true of all messages.
Since the beginning of the message to the end of the message will be referred to the issue of sincerity and use of the opportunities that have been obtained in the holy places that have been obtained
The second point in this message is ‘showing the greatness of Islam and its messages.’
Referring to the methods of Islam in order to resolve the problems of humanity.
The following is the issue of unity and unity which is especially in the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, especially in the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, especially
In this message, we are making efforts to promote Islamic Awakening and promote it.
This collaboration is also mentioned as a collaboration: for example, the collaboration of the collaboration, the collaboration of the collaboration, the collaboration of the collaboration.
In his message, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated that the Ka’bah is the symbol of monotheism and the symbol of monotheism and that the Ka’bah is the symbol of monotheism and the sy
In these messages, it is described the great powers of the Islamic Ummah - including material, spiritual, natural, and cultural powers.
One of the points that are in these messages is to remember the movements of the arrogant powers of the global arrogant powers.
In all these messages, it is referred to the wrong efforts that the global arrogant powers have made in order to defeat the Islamic Ummah and the reasons that the global arrogant powers have made in
Including the issues that are happening in Muslim countries, including the issues that are happening in Muslim countries - including the issues that are happening in Muslim countries - including the
All these threats that occurred after the September 11 attacks, the Leader explained them.
Thanks to the Revolution and the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution has been able to stop the threats of the global arrogant powers to defeat Muslim countries. Thanks to the Islamic Revolutio
Therefore, in the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the enemies of the victims of human rights, human rights and supporters of terrorism and terrorism. His Eminence said tha
The final point is to present the Islamic Republic as a successful lesson in fighting against the arrogant powers of the world.
What is the impact of these things on other countries?
What is its role between scientists and politicians in Islamic and Arab countries?
In every trip and every trip that we participate – each year we visit about 10 countries each year – we meet with people and groups and organizations and organizations.
That is to say, despite the lack of opportunity to transmit this message, wherever we have the opportunity to transmit this message, wherever we have the opportunity to transmit this message, it infl
Today the issue of international diplomacy is in the world. That is to say, the leaders of the countries speak to the people.
Is the hajj message of the Islamic Republic international diplomacy of the Islamic Republic as an international diplomacy of the Islamic Republic?
Of course, one of the best ways to express the message of the Revolution is the message by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
One of the ways to strengthen the hajj conference and respond to the efforts that are made to reduce the importance of hajj and its role in the Islamic Republic.
The disappointment is that many prayers come from distant places but they do not understand the message of hajj.
We have a recitation that says: "The light of life of hajj will continue with the hajj if he does not do anything." That is to say, "The light of life of hajj will continue with the light of the hajj
We hope that the prayers will try to achieve this bleaching of hajj and try to preserve the message of the hajj so that hajj is playing a role in the world of Islam.
Leader’s Speech to Shia and Sunni Scholars in Kermanshah - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on Monday, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with Shia and Sunni teachers of the province of Kermanshah.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise be upon Allah, the Lord of the Exalted.
Allah the Exalted says, "In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful."
Those who fear the prophets of God and do not fear Him, and Allah will be the Merciful. [The Holy Quran, 33: 39]
For me, a meeting with dear teachers who are working in different areas of the country and who are working in different areas of the country and who are working in different areas of the country and
Thankfully today the honorable brothers and sisters of the Sunni and Shia province all participated in this meeting. Thankfully today the honorable students and teachers of the Sunni and Shia provinc
I would like to mention some points that I would like to mention, but before I would like to mention the points that I would like to mention these points, I would like to express my appreciation for
I have met him many times in his house in Kermanshah many times. I have met him many times in his house in Kermanshah many times.
He was also participating in certain events, such as the Friday Friday Festival held in Islamabad, and the Friday Friday Festival held in Islamabad where the late Shahid Saduki held in Islamabad.
The meeting was held under the bombs of the Iraqi Armed Forces because they were in war because they were in war because they were in war because they were in war because they were in war.
His capabilities, his intellectual capabilities, and realities are among the characteristics that are among the characteristics that are among the characteristics of the man.
Allah the Exalted bestowed him reward. At the end of a long life, Allah the Exalted blessed him with a martyrdom and martyrdom.
I have said many times that martyrdom is a business life. I have said many times that martyrdom is a business life.
Unfortunately, life will come to the end of life. "Every life will come to the end of life" [The Holy Quran, 3: 185].
We are loving to achieve this opportunity. We are loving to achieve this opportunity.
Allah the Exalted sells from believers and their lives [The Holy Quran, 9: 111]. Allah the Exalted sells life. This is a great benefit.
In this province, our former brother, Hajj Agha Baha'uddeen Mohammadi Araki, was one of the former people who were martyred.
The late Agha Hajj Baha was one of our friends of the late Imam (r.a.) and one of our friends in Kum.
Allah bestows blessings on these two martyrs.
It is necessary to remember the late Hajj Agha Mujtaba Hajj Akhund, who was the late Hajj Agha Mujtaba Hajj Akhund, who was the late Hajj Agha Mujtaba Hajj Akhund, who was the late Hajj Agha Mujtaba
Allah bestows his blessings.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before the time of the Islamic Revolution, on one of my trips to Kermanshah, I visited his house.
After the death of Imam Khomeini, he sent me one of his works.
I would like him to write this quote that says: "Whoever chooses himself as a leader of the nation, should start reading this quote."
He wrote this as a good word, and I placed it in a pilgrim and placed it in a pilgrim and placed it on my front of me.
This is the challenge of our work.
Dear youth, dear students, dear students and dear students, if we want to be like a similar fure that puts similarity out, if you want to be like a similar fure, if you want to be like a similar fure
Teachers are only fearing God from His servants. [The Holy Quran, 35: 28]. Fearing God is one of the characteristics of teachers.
Of course teachers have certain characteristics, but they were chosen for fear of God.
The characteristic of knowledge is that one receives this great blessing.
Therefore, it is necessary to achieve this characteristic. You dear youth can do this. You dear youth can do this characteristic. You dear youth can do this characteristic. You dear youth can do this
This life is the life that will defend. Some will achieve old and some will not achieve it.
You should know that the difference between eight, the difference between eight, the difference between eight, the difference between eight and six years - that is to say, the difference between eigh
When a person is eight years old, he thinks that there is a time to go back to eight years.
The issue of transparency will come. If one can do something in a short time, if one can do something in a short time, if one can do something in a short time, if one can do something in a short time
Therefore, I would like to call you dear students on your sincerity, your feelings, your feelings and your movement towards God.
If knowledge is acquired without fear of God, this knowledge can be useful and sometimes dangerous.
We have a religious teacher - who has religious knowledge and non-religious knowledge - who does not only use the knowledge but also benefits for him.
This spiritual spirit is necessary for knowledge and teachers.
Kermanshah is a very important city.
As Mr Ulama said a long time ago, Kermanshah had a great family of scholars like the family of Al Agha, the family of Jalili, and many other Iranian nations.
Another point in this story is that as the people of Kermanshah love and respect the people of Kermanshah, as the people of Kermanshah love and respect the people of Kermanshah, as the people of Kerm
Muhammad Ali (grace be upon him) - one of the greatest students of his father - came to Kermanshah and was one of the greatest students of his father - and was one of the greatest students of his fat
Although he did not mean life, he remained one of the families of Al Agha.
He and some of his children were among the teachers.
This is another example.
Another example is the late Agha Sayyid Hussein Hairi, who was martyred at the end of his life.
I can still remember a few things about him.
The brother of Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfahani, the sister of the late Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfahani, the sister of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi, who was born from the Iranian nation and who was born from
He was witnessing separation in Isfahan.
He was the master of knowledge and calculation.
He was also one of those who were educated from the late Akhund Molla Fatali Sultan Abadi who was living in Samarra.
Another teacher is the late Sardar Kabuli, a prominent scholar of different areas.
The book that was written about it was a good book for many years. I have seen this book for many years.
He was about six years old in Kermanshah. Great teachers also used him.
I read in this book that the late Hajj Agha Hussein Kummi (peace be upon him) during his trip to the immaculate places or through his trip to the immaculate places or through his trip to the immacula
The writer of the book said that I have been reading two books - I think he said that I have been reading the book for a few years. I have been reading the book for a few years. I have been reading t
This is the lesson - that is to say, learning when a person is a marja and as a marja.
This is not just a disaster for a great teacher, but it is also a source of gratitude.
We should learn such things. You should learn such things. You should learn such things.
He was renowned in India and he was renowned in India. He was renowned in India and he was transferred to Najaf and he was transferred to Kermanshah.
The late Sardar of Kabul was six years old in Kermanshah.
The late Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani was one of the late teachers who moved to this city.
This city has a characteristic that shows that the hearts of the people love religious teachers. They love religious teachers.
When they find a person and they understand his characteristics, they will not forget that he is not in their country.
The late Ashrafi was a man of Isfahan, but he felt like the man of Kermanshah.
These things that I have said are an outstanding arena.
I would like to mention some issues.
Dear teachers, students and great future!
First of all, the opportunity to transmit Islamic messages throughout the world - both in Muslim and non-Muslim countries - is the opportunity to transmit Islamic messages throughout the world - whic
The responsibility will increase.
Today you are in such a situation.
You should not feel fear. "They are fearing Him, and they are not fearing everybody outside God".
Do not feel familiar with everything, do not feel familiar with the difficulties that are on the path.
Not only say there are difficulties because there are difficulties. But you should not feel far from these difficulties.
You should do what you cannot do.
Was this not happening in Iran?
In Iran, there has been something that has been done in Iran which if all the authorities of the world and all the authorities of the world will spend their time and night and night, no result would
Everybody says that this work is not possible, but it is possible.
I tell you that even some of our activists say that it is not possible.
Ayatollah Khamenei told me that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) told me that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that the Shah would not go.
He did not think that the Shah would be destroyed.
He later told me this.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that Shah would be demolished, but he was demolished.
Not only the Shah was demolished, the US and the Western countries were also demolished, and the Western countries were also demolished.
Nobody believes it, but it has happened.
Nobody will feel that the greatest Revolution in the world of Islam will happen in Egypt. The Egypt who signed the Camp Dabid and the Egypt who signed the Camp Dabid and the Egypt who signed the Camp
It might happen in another place, but nobody thinks that this happened in Egypt. But the Revolution happened in Egypt.
These are one of the things we should place in our hearts.
We should take the path to do things that are not possible to be achieved in order to ensure their possibility.
You should decide to take careful responsibilities so that you have the opportunity to make more. "And do not fear anybody regardless of Allah".
The response to this is that "And Allah comes to be the Merciful". Do not forget God, God has a merciful merciful merciful merciful merciful merciful merciful merciful merciful merciful merciful merc
And Allah has come to be the Calculator.
This is our path.
Here we are written messages - as teachers and teachers - and then we are written messages as teachers - and then we are written messages as "the prophets of God". The prophets of God are written mes
Allah the Exalted said, "And that is what We have made every prophet and enemy: the saints of the human beings and the saints of the human beings - the saints of the human beings and the saints of th
And as Your God wants, they should not do so, leave them with what Your God wants." [The Holy Quran, 6: 112]
Therefore, if it is planned that I and you will receive divine messages, we should be prepared to face divine messages and people.
They will keep attacking us, so we should be prepared.
In the spiritual arena, we should provide a strong battlefield for ourselves - which is the battlefield of faith and determination - so that we cannot avoid victory in ourselves.
Original disappointment originates from the original disappointment of human beings and the original disappointment of human beings.
The disappointment of a person is the disappointment that prevents the disappointment of a person.
If you do not suffer in your hearts, nobody will be successful for you.
The backwardness that you should provide for your heart is faith in God and relying on God. "So, believers should rely on God" [The Holy Quran, 3: 122] "Faithful should rely on God" [The Holy Quran,
All these lessons are for us.
We should read the Holy Quran with all our thoughts. We should read the Holy Quran with all our thoughts.
The shadow that comes today to you through internet, human broadcasting and other digital media has a traditional statement.
Now there are dollars of oil are killed in some places. I have heard of this.
These are some reports that are not financially spent in some Muslim countries. In some Muslim countries, many money are spent because Sunnis planned a conference organized by Sunnis.
In this situation, they give a money to a Shia prayer for a money to pray on the television in the name of Shia, and they accuse the Imam of the Faithful (a.s.) of the Imam of the Faithful (a.s.) of
These are the ways they are following.
Because creating discord is a great blessing for them.
I would like to tell you that your province is a province where Shia and Sunni live together.
Shia and Sunni teachers should prepare meetings between Shia and Sunni teachers to prepare meetings between them.
We have a lot of work that we have done.
You can respect your views, but you should continue your national activities.
If they want to conduct research, they should do.
I believe in different discussions. If they want to discuss knowledge and scientific discussions between teachers and scholars, there is no problem in this regard.
But despite these things, there are certain diseases that have been treated within them. There are certain diseases that have been treated within them.
The Shia and Sunni teachers are responsible among the people and the Sunni teachers are responsible among the people.
Today there are some people whose weapons are used to be kafir and they do not feel that they are kafir. These are the problems.
It is necessary to take action from the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, the work that we said about it contains all these things.
Another responsibility is the responsibility of learning.
I have heard that there are students of Kermanshah students who are studying in Kum - of course their brothers know - to be promoted. They should come here and go to exile, or if they do not want to
Therefore, knowledge is very important.
Of course, in terms of knowledge, it is very important.
There was a student who was coming to my lessons. After a few moments he said he was not coming, he was not coming to the lesson.
After a few months, I asked him where are you? He asked, "Where are you?" He said, "I am in one of the highest cities of Khorasan province - one of the highest cities of Khorasan province - and he sa
This is the understanding of what is spoken.
Today look at the youth who have studied.
In your city of Kermanshah, the students who have studied in Kermanshah are very many.
Sometimes this was not the case in the past.
Before the victory of the Revolution, before the victory of the Islamic Revolution in Kermanshah province, universities were more than three years old.
However, those who have been published this once a few times, and those who have been published this once a few times.
They are faced with propaganda and different statements. There are questions to them.
You should understand the questions and prepare their answers.
You should choose whom you will speak with, understand their ideas, find the right answers from the Holy Quran and Sunni and find the right answers from the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran
Mr Mamduhi said that the books of the late Ayatollah Motahari, the book of Mizan, the books of the late Ayatollah Motahari, the books of the late Ayatollah Motahari, the books of the late Ayatollah M
You are in Kum.
It is necessary to do these things.
Think about education just like you think about education.
Dear people, educate the hearts of those who speak with you and educate them.
As I said, "Anybody who chooses a leader of the society should start teaching himself before teaching himself" is very important.
It is necessary to do this difficult task.
Also, teachers have a social responsibility. Teachers should participate in social issues. They should participate in social issues. They should participate in social issues. They should participate
The characteristics of teachers are that through their teaching, teaching, advice, and insight, they attract the attention of the people who speak to them.
Prayer is everything.
The person whose relations have been stopped if he can maintain his relationship with prayers, it will be destroyed.
Prayers are very important.
You should encourage those who are speaking with prayers and encourage them to pay attention to participating in public prayers.
I do not know if it has been held every year in Kermanshah or not. I do not know if it has been held every year in Kermanshah.
Shia and Sunni prayers should not harm their brothers.
You should pay attention to each other.
There are certain things that can be done in collaboration.
If this happens, the school will progress.
I would like to tell you that when the Revolution was victory in Iran, Islam gained a new spirit and power in the world.
Was this very powerful energy that created this great event that has threatened Western countries?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the victory of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) defeated Western countries.
They got to the Holy Quran and they found some information about Islam.
At that time, the enemies began to attack Islam and it continued. The second feeling was when the Marxist regime was defeated.
Especially in Muslim countries, there are many youth who have all their hopes for the Marxist regime. They think that the Marxist regime has been hoped for the Marxist regime. They think that the Mar
Some of them are righteous. I have seen some of them, including Muslims or non-Muslims, including Muslims or non-Muslims. I have seen some of them, including Muslims or non-Muslims, including Muslims
They became socialists because they believe that there is hope for the people.
But when the society falls, they see that it is not the case, they see that it is not the case.
They followed the path of Islam.
All these youth organizations that you see in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other places are from Islamic symbols. All these youth were from Islamic symbols. All these youth were from Islamic symbols.
Even in our country, there is such things even in our country. I would not like to name them.
There are people who speak about Islam but there are people who speak about Islam.
After the revolution ended, all the organizations who loved from the revolution returned to Islam. They looked at Islam, they looked at Quran, they looked at Quran, they looked at Islam, they looked
If a system is fulfilled by the Islamic leadership of Islam, it is fulfilled by the Islamic leadership of the Islamic leadership, it is fulfilled by the Islamic leadership of the Islamic Republic.
Those people who are looking for all the things that they need in the Marxist and Republic but they do not find themselves, they have failed to fight against them. They have failed to fight against t
You see what is happening?
They want to destroy this issue. They want to destroy this issue. They want to destroy this issue.
In the University of the United States, in the economic centre of the United States, and on the Wall Streets of the global economy, thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of investors were
This is what we have said since the beginning. We have said since the beginning that "not east and west", that is what we have said since the beginning.
You should be prepared.
Islamic teachers should be prepared.
It is necessary to respect the strong Islamic teachings that originate from the Holy Quran, Sunni and the words of the Muslims (s.w.a.).
If you do this, you will see how Islamic love will increase.
I have spoken many times with you. I have spoken many times with you. You should pay attention to the time. You should pay attention to time.
Dear God, place religious teachers in the way You believe.
Dear God, help these dear youth and these young religious students - in Kermanshah and another Kermanshah city - to become the members of the Islamic Republic of Kermanshah and another Kermanshah cit
Dear God, bestow Your grace and guidance on all of us.
Dear God, make the heart of the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for him) against us.
Leader Appoints New President of the Iranian Radio and Television Broadcaster (IRIB) - Khamenei.ir
In a message issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution nominated Dr. Abdulali Ali Asgari as the new Director-General D
The following is the full text of the message:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dear Dr. Abdulali Ali Asghari (May he bestow his success).
According to Mr. Sarafraz's appointment and thanking Mr. Mohammad Sarafraz for his great efforts and thanking for the great efforts of the Revolutionary Revolution and thanking for his great efforts
What I should tell you is in the letter I signed to Mr Sarafraz when he was appointed.
Therefore, I would like to express you the importance of structuring, maintaining the great policies of the country, educating, educating, educating the laborers of the Islamic Revolution's laborers
I hope that Allah the Exalted will help you in this responsibility.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
On Urdebehesht 22, 1395
May 11, 2016
Leader’s Speech at the Celebration of 24 Years of the Death of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution at the celebration of the 24th anniversary of Imam Khomeini (r.a.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise and greetings be upon Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Lord and Prophet Abul Kassim al-Mustafa Mohammad and his immaculate family.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who brought us another opportunity to remember our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) on this day and to remember our honorable Imam (r.a.) on this day.
Although the celebration of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) remembrance is always in the hearts of our people, the 14th of Khordad is a symbol of love and love of the Iranian nation.
Today, this day means the martyrdom of his magnanimous father, Imam Musa (a.s.).
This year marks 15 years of the important event of the 15th of Khordad in the year 1342 (June 1963, the end of the Revolution).
The 15th of Khordad is an important day and a future day.
I will speak clearly about this before I go to the essential and necessary issue that I will discuss.
The 15th of Khordad is not the first day of the great movement of teachers and people.
Before the 15th of Khordad, there were several important issues that happened in the year 1341 and the beginning of the year 1342.
For example, the incident that took place in the Faiziyyah school on Farbardeen 2, 1342, led to the killing of religious students as well as religious students.
Before, in the early years of 1341, the protests on the Tehran Market of Tehran were recognized by Ayatollah Hajj Sayyid (r.a.) and the responsibility of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Ayatoll
These things show that the movement of teachers in the year 1341 and early years of 1342 achieved a great position.
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important time.
The reason for this is that the event that took place on the 15th of Khordad is the significance of the relationship between the people and teachers at that difficult time.
On Ashura 13th of Khordad - which is the 13th of Khordad - the Imam Khomeini (r.a.) issued a very important speech in the Faiziyyah Seminary.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was arrested by the security forces on the 15th of Khordad in Tehran, Kum and other other cities. The Dagutu regime was arrested by the Dagutu regime. The Dagutu regime was arres
It is important that this relationship is the basis of the progress of this movement and the success of this movement.
Whenever a movement continues with the support of the people and with the support of the people, this movement will continue.
But if the people do not participate in a movement of disappointment, they will not succeed.
Just like this happened in Iran during the Constitutional Movement, organizers and oppositionists moved but their movement failed. They did not know that they did not know that they did not know that
When the people enter the arena and support a movement and their power and all their power and power of the people will support this movement.
This was the event that happened on Khordad 15th of Khordad.
In Tehran and other cities, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was arrested in Tehran and other cities, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was arrested in Tehran and other cities.
Tehran's streets were filled with the hearts of believers, faithful and honorable youth.
On the 15th of Khordad, the disinformation and infallible hearts of the Islamic Republic of Khordad were officially attacked by the Islamic Republic of Khordad.
Another point in the issue of the 15th of Khordad - which should be careful to pay attention to our dear youth and dear people - is that during the killing of the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Rep
The people and teachers were only on the arena.
Those who believe in supporting the revolutionary revolution - who believe in supporting the revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revoluti
Whenever the faithful and joyful people reach themselves in the revolution, they will accuse the faithful revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutio
They say that the movement was a transcendent movement. They say that the movement was a transcendent movement. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) continued this movement with the support of the people.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had three characteristics: determination, determination and stability. These are the three characteristics: determination, determination and stability. These characteristics are:
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) responded to his call and the people responded to his call and the people responded to his call and the people responded to his call.
They entered the arena and entered the arena.
They made this movement, which had no support in the world, towards victory.
Let’s me explain the three beliefs that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believes.
These are very important things which if we understand, they will bleach our path.
In relation to faith in Allah, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was the symbol of the verse that said: "They said to them: "Yes, they had come together for you, so you should feel that they had come together for
This statement increased themselves, and they said: "Allah is the Representative of us and the Representative of his Representative" [The Holy Quran, 3: 173].
He moved forward for God. He speaked and worked in the face of God and said that if you help Allah help you, he will help you. [The Holy Quran, 47: 7] This is the promise of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a
In terms of religion and people, the Imam Khomeini (r.a.) understood the Iranian nation with all the meanings of this word.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed that this nation is a faithful, intelligent and enthusiastic nation. He believed that this nation is a faithful, intelligent and enthusiastic nation. He believed that th
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed in this. If sometimes insightful people like Shah Sultan Hussein had destroyed the Iranian nation, but sometimes insightful people like Shah Sultan Hussein had destroyed
He understood the Iranian nation and respected them.
He said that the Iranian nation has become a source of insight and intelligence that the Iranian nation has become a source of insight and insight.
The people were the most satisfied against Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the most enemies of the nation and as the most enemies.
This is why the reason why Imam Khomeini (r.a.) has never seen that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had never managed to fight against the powerful powers because the powerful powers because the powerful powers
In the issue of faith, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) teached the Iranian nation that “we can.”
He showed the world the power of his power. In April 1342, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that on August 1342, he said that on August 1342, he said that on August 1342, he said that on August 1342, he was
A teacher in Kum who has no weapons, money or international assistance or international support.
Faith in God and faith in God will be successful in this arena.
When Imam Khomeini returned from his exile, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) threatened the Bakhtiyar regime and said that the Bakhtiyar regime would be threatened by the Bakhtiyar regime.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed in his power.
Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) faith was the result of this faith that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) sent it to the people.
Some agree with this. One of the ways that the enemy used to use to preserve their power against other nations is to make them feel that they will not feel that they will not feel that they will not
This is why they forced the Iranian nation in political, economic, economic and other areas of life.
He told the Iranian nation that ‘You can’t.
He will bring us to enthusiasm, will bring us to resistance, will bring us to resistance, will bring us to resistance, will bring us to resistance, will bring us to resistance, will bring us to resis
Therefore, the Iranian nation has made victorious success over the past thirty years. Therefore, the Iranian nation has made victorious success over the past thirty years.
These faith and beliefs that are based on Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - that is to say, faith in God, faith in the people, faith in the people and faith in society - were the foundations of all the politica
At the beginning of the revolution, these three faiths were which gave Imam Khomeini (r.a.) power.
When he was forced to return to Paris and when he was forced to return to Iran and when he was forced to return to Iran and when he was forced to return to Iran and when he was forced to return to Ir
These three factors allowed Imam Khomeini to return to Tehran.
In the events that happened in Bahman 1357, during the announcement of the Islamic Revolution, during the announcement of the Islamic Republic, during the announcement of the Islamic Republic, during
These three factors are the foundation of the Imam (r.a.) and all his actions.
Until the end of his life, nobody has never seen any sign of disinformation or disinformation in the words of the Imam (r.a.).
Many of the leaders of the Islamic Revolution start facing discussions about what they are doing.
Sometimes they return from the previous statements they said in the past.
But Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said no, his speeches during his last year were more than his speeches during his last year.
He was old, but his heart was young, his soul is life.
This is what the Holy Quran said in the Holy Quran said in the Holy Quran: "And when they were standing on the road, We have put them a lot of water." [The Holy Quran, 72: 1]
Those who say, "Our Lord is Allah, and those who say, "Our Lord is Allah, and those who say, "Our Lord is Allah, and those who say, "Our Lord is Allah, and those who say, "Our Lord is Allah, and thos
The Iranian nation changed their power, and Allah the Exalted changed their power: "Allah the Exalted changed what is for the people, and He changed what is for the people, and He changed what is for
The Iranian nation has changed their path and feelings, Allah the Exalted has helped them and Allah the Exalted helped them.
What is the result?
There are many things that our youth should know about the resistance of the Pahlavi regime - which was the most popular during the decade of the Islamic Republic - which was during the decade of the
Their reliance on the Islamic Republic has become a disappointment.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, one of the prominent American diplomats wrote: "We are told him that the things that have been made by the Imam of the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic
They tell him that it is necessary to maintain strong relationships.
You should produce oil for oil production, buy oil for oil. You should produce oil for oil production and not should produce oil for oil.
The country that is based on others is transformed into a free and independent country.
Some of the outstanding heads of the country were leading to the country but they were transformed into representatives of the people and they were transformed into representatives of the people.
They were changed by officials and they were elected.
Over the past 30 years, the powers of the country and the economic and political issues of the country are representatives of the people.
They did not open their hands when they stopped the power when they stopped the power. This is very important.
These illegitimate politicians who speak against the enemy and expressing hope against the people have become public representatives. Our country which has been progressive in the arena of the arena
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, we had no victory in the arena of knowledge in our country.
Is this something so small?
International statistics say that in the future — by 2017 — Iran will rank the third top knowledge position in the world.
Is this something so small?
We are a country where if we want to build a road, a small road or a company, we should give our hands to others because we should give our hands to others because we should give our hands to others
Today the youth of this nation without foreign resistance, without foreign resistance, without foreign resistance, without foreign resistance, without foreign resistance, without foreign resistance,
Would we should close our eyes on all these things?
In the arena of health and medical practices, our patients should go to European hospitals if they have a lot of expense, if they have a lot of expense, if they have a lot of expense, if they have a
However, today in our country the most important and important tiyatry works such as huhu and other important tiyatry works. Not only in Tehran, not only in Tehran. Not only in Tehran, not only in Te
The Iranian nation does not need foreigners in this arena.
We have responded to ourselves in this very important arena.
At that time, many parts of the country were changed.
Before the victory of the Revolution, I visited many cities and villages in the country, nothing was given to local regions.
Today different services are continued across the country, in nearby cities and different villages.
Today nobody can say that electricity does not have electricity, for example, roads and other things.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, the number of university students were five million while university students were five million.
Today the number of university students rose to two, but the number of university students rose to eight, and the number of university students rose to eight.
The majority of university students means the majority of teachers and universities.
In every near city there are one, two, five, and one other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other other ot
At that time, there was a state where the number of secondary schools had not been lower than the number of secondary schools.
Today in this state, there are universities in every city.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation due to the Revolution and the efforts of our youth and officials.
These are very important things.
Thanks to the Revolution, many important and essential projects have been carried out in the country. There were many companies in the country.
The products we have previously shipped from foreign countries but today they are produced many in our country.
It is necessary to look at these things.
These are the result of the three faiths that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) placed in the hearts of the country - faith in God, faith in the people and faith in the people.
We do not say these statements because our false feelings have come to us. We do not say these statements because our false feelings have come to us.
No, there are still great projects ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we compare ourselves to the time of dagutu, we will see such a victory. But if we compare ourselves to the time of dagutu, we will see such a victory. But if we compa
I would like to say that our dear and enthusiastic nation should know that this path will be successful by following these three faithful beliefs.
They should know that there is a long path in the future. But you can, you have the opportunity to do so.
You can continue this long path towards where it is needed.
I would like to know you that the efforts of the enemy to create love in our hearts are doing because they are doing this because they are doing this because they are doing this because they are doin
The map of the road is in front of us.
We have a map.
What is our path map?
This lesson is the lesson that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) will help us and create the path of our path. The lesson of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is obvious. The lesson of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is obvious.
I do not see any benefit from the name of the Imam (r.a.) but forget his teachings. This is a wrong mistake.
The map of the road is with Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and he presented it.
In the foreign policy, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) lessons are: standing determined in confronting the policies of the powers of the Islamic Republic. Standing determined in confronting the Islamic Republ
Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) message is with us.
His speeches and writings, which are contained in books, are with us. In the arena of culture, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings is that destroying culture and destroying culture is the most important
In the arena of economy, the Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) lessons are: relying on national economy and economic justice in the arena of economic justice, and economic justice in the arena of economic justi
Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings say that we should preserve independence in the world and that we should preserve independence in the world and that we should preserve independence in the world.
The Iranian nation can reduce these difficulties by following this map and remembering its magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can progress.
The Iranian nation will continue to make the path that has been made by the Iranian nation. The Iranian nation will continue to make the path that has been made by the Iranian nation.
But regarding the issue of elections, which is the issue that is coming today.
Dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian nation!
Elections are the symbol of all the three faiths that are related to Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and which should be related to us. Elections are the symbol of faith in God.
Our responsibility is to pay attention to the future of our country.
The equal people of Iran have this responsibility in their responsibility.
It is also a symbol of respect because elections show the people's determination. Elections show the people's determination of government officials through elections.
It is also a symbol of reality because whoever votes in the elections will feel that the person who votes in the elections will feel that the future of the country will feel that the future of the co
This is a very important point.
Therefore, elections symbolize religious religion and religious religion as well as religious religious religion.
Any vote for one of these candidates - that is to say, any vote for one of these eight candidates - is for the Islamic Republic.
Every vote for each of the candidates is a vote for the Islamic Republic. The vote for the Islamic Republic is a vote for the Islamic Republic.
Entering the arena of elections, whether the presidential candidates or who are presidential candidates - that is to say, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic and the Isla
The second point is that the candidate of the candidate - either you or your brother, your brother, your brother, your sister or your brother or your brother or your brother or your brother or sister
Our enemies in the foreign country are thinking that this election is a great threat for the Islamic Republic. The election is a great threat for the Islamic Republic.
Their hope is either to conduct the elections without hatred so that the people are defeated by the Islamic Republic. They hope that the people are defeated by the Islamic Republic.
This is what the enemies of this nation expect.
But they do not know our nation. The enemies of this nation do not know our nation. The enemies of this nation do not know our nation.
To reduce the failure of this election, they created some experts to speak through these media.
Sometimes they said that the elections were organized, sometimes they said that there was no freedom in the elections, sometimes they said that there was no freedom in the elections.
No, they do not know our people, they do not know our elections and they do not know the Islamic Republic.
There is this in investment countries?
In independent countries, if you are not one of the two parties or two parties and you do not have support from one of the two parties and you do not have support from one of the two parties and you
There are some people who do not have any support for the Zionists and who do not have any support for the people of the world. They do not have any support for the Zionists, they do not have any sup
They do not have media channels with them, and they do not have television stations that can broadcast their programmes.
Therefore, they will spend so much money for their programmes.
In our country, candidates without being killed, have many more times to send their messages to the people.
Where is this condition across the world?
What is responsible in the elections is only the law.
According to law, some can enter the elections and others cannot enter.
The law changes the requirements to be fixed, that is to say, who is the requirements to stand.
All these things are carried out according to law.
As I have said, the enemies are sitting in another part of the world and they speak about all these things. As I have said, they speak about all these things. As I have said, they speak about all the
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will provide a response to these people by their appearance and their position. The response to these people will provide a response to these people by Allah's fa
Let’s say some examples for the candidates. During the elections, the honorable candidates of the candidates were responsible for government programmes. They were responsible for government program
However, they can make a question about what they see in their own view. However, their questions are based on the meaning of determining and intention to change the issue.
They should pay attention to this issue. I do not have any candidate. I do not have any candidate. I do not have any candidate.
I call the brothers who want to attract the public attention to the public attention to their hearts to themselves.
They do not mean that they do not mean that they do not mean that they do not mean that they do not mean that they do not mean that they do not mean that they do not mean that they do not mean that t
Accusation should not mean that good work has been done in the past.
Today anybody who wants to achieve power in the country does not need to start working first because there are many great activities.
For many years, during different government governments, many construction works have been carried out during different governments.
They should not be abandoned.
All these activities should not be done because there is an economic problem and there is an economic problem and there is an economic problem. We should criticize all these activities.
But if we have a solution from these problems, we should not accuse all the things that have been done today.
Therefore, we should not stop making decisions that cannot be achieved.
I ask all candidates to say that if they have been given the casettes of their speech in the next year, they will not feel happy.
You should promise that if they are presented in the future, you will not make trials and try to stop the responsibility of this and that you will not make the responsibility of this and that you wil
You should prepare what you can do.
In our country and according to the Constitution, the President has a very great role.
The power that the President has in our constitution is very valuable.
The President is the only person who has the budget in his hands. He is the only person who has the budget in his hands. He is the only person who has the only person who has the only person who has
The hands of the president's hands are in different cases.
The only path that he has is the only path that he has is the only path that he has is the only path that he has is the only path that he has is the only path that he has is the only path that he has
The law will only give him peace, which is not obligatory.
The law is prepared, not appropriate.
Those who speak today should tell them what they need.
If they have a plan, they should tell the people, they should tell them that they should make efforts in order to make these plans.
Some think that we should stand up against the enemy to reduce their anger against us to reduce their anger against us.
They prefer the interests of these people more than the national interests. This is a wrong mistake.
The enemy's feelings are due to the presence of you, the presence of the Islamic Republic, the presence of the Islamic Republic, the presence of the Islamic Republic, the presence of Imam Khomeini (r
This was the reason for their fear.
If our nation resists, resists its capabilities and resolves its problems, today the issue of economy is the issue of economy. Today the issue of economy is the issue of economy.
This is what is important in every situation. This is what is important in every situation. This is what is important in every situation. This is what is important in every situation.
Dear brothers, the next thirty days are the arena of a great test. I hope that during this great test, I hope that during this great test, I hope that during this great test, I hope that during this
“No power or power comes from Allah, the Merciful and the Merciful.
Imam Khamenei's Letter to European and Northern America - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Welcome to all European and Northern American youth
The recent events that happened in France and other Western countries have made me think it is necessary to speak with you.
I would like to speak to you dear youth, not because I love your parents, but because you are the great futures of your nation and your country. You are the great futures of your nation and your coun
I do not talk about politicians and officials of your government officials because I believe that they have taken over their policies. I believe that they have taken over their policies.
It is especially about Islam, especially about Islam.
Over the past 30 years - that is to say, since the destruction of the Soviet Republic - have been made great efforts to promote this great religion in the world.
The most important is that this condition of fear is a historical issue in the history of Western political history of Western countries.
I would not want to speak about the different violences that have been placed in the hearts of Western nations.
If you take a look at the history of history, you will see that new historians criticized the injustice and falsehood of Western governments against nations and cultures.
The European and American history has destroyed itself for sacrificing people, oppressing and oppressing non-Christian and non-Christian nations.
The historians and teachers of your history are afraid of the blood of religion between Christians and Protestants.
I would like to ask you what is part of this long discussion of the events that happened, but I would like to ask your scholars what they have happened. I would like to ask your scholars what they ha
Why should the issue of the people rely on the issues that happened in the history of many years not the issues that happened in the current history?
Why are people destroyed from understanding important things such as culture, culture and Islamic thoughts?
You know that oppression, creating hatred and creating fear of other people are a particular arena for the creation of the Islamic Republic of the Islamic Republic. You know that the Islamic Republic
I would like to ask you, why is the old policy of putting fear against Islam and Muslims?
Why is the modern government system currently puts Islamic thoughts at the forefront?
What are these things in the Islamic thought and practices that will be the basis for the global policies and political policies of the global global countries?
Therefore, your first need is to ask the reasons for this great effort.
The second need is to respond to this great propaganda in the name of Islam. The second need is to respond to this great propaganda in the name of Islam.
Healthy personality regulates the necessity of knowing what is afraid of you and destroying you. I do not tell you that you do not know what you are afraid of you. I do not tell you that you do not k
You should not let the terrorists under their power as the representatives of Islam.
You should understand Islam from its own foundations.
You should understand Islam through the Holy Quran and the life of the Prophet of Islam (peace and greetings be upon him and his household).
I would like to ask you, have you read the Holy Quran online?
Have you read the teachings of the Prophet of Islam (peace and grace be upon him and his household) and his humanity?
Do you still understand the Islamic message from one other media, not from media?
Have you ever asked you why Islam was becoming the greatest knowledge, knowledge, knowledge and philosophy of the world?
I call you to not let political and disinformation from righteousness and prevent the possibility of deciding from righteousness and prevent the possibility of deciding justice for you.
Now as social media has destroyed the backwardness of the countries, do not let you force you into the backwardness of international backwardness.
Although nobody can fulfill this value, everybody can fulfill this value, everybody can fulfill this value. Everybody can fulfill this value.
Although the challenge between Islam and you youth is very valuable, it can create new questions throughout the world.
Trying to find the answers of these questions will offer you the opportunity to find new realities.
Therefore, you should not let this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam against you because through your responsibility, the nations which are coming to the world and the world of Islam will
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader Nominates Dr.Ahmadinejad as Member of the Islamic Revolutionary Council - Khamenei.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, in a message issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revoluti
The following is the full text of the message issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dear Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (bestow his help).
On the basis of your efforts and efforts that you have made over the past eight years as the President of the Islamic Republic of Iran and your efforts as the President of the Islamic Republic of Ira
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic R
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise and greetings be upon Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Lord and Prophet Abul Kassim al-Mustafa Mohammad and his immaculate household.
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for the opportunity to meet with you dear people, youth and young people of Mashhad - including the people of Mashhad - including the people of Mashhad - inclu
I would like to congratulate all of you to the commemoration of Nurouz and the end of New Year. I hope that this year will be a blessed and fulfilled year.
There are some issues that I would like to talk about during this interview with you brothers and sisters.
The first point is to look at the events that have happened for us, our people, our country and the events that have happened for us, our country and our region.
Why did we talk about the issues that happened in the year 1390, especially the victories of the Iranian nation in the year 1390, especially the victories of the Iranian nation in this year.
The honorable leaders of our region - the honorable and powerful leaders of our region - have used all their power, their power, their enemies and their supporters of our region - used all their powe
Whoever follows the propaganda against the Iranian nation, whoever follows the propaganda against the Iranian nation, will see that these efforts, economic efforts, economic efforts, economic efforts
They want to introduce the idea that "we can achieve" which Imam Khomeini (r.a.) teached us and the Islamic Revolution (r.a.) teached us and the Islamic Revolution (r.a.) and the Islamic Revolution (
They made all their efforts to achieve this goal. The year last year was the year they increased their efforts in order to achieve this goal.
I would like to assure everybody that the Iranian nation will continue to move ahead towards the path of the Iranian nation through moving ahead towards the progress of the Iranian nation through mov
The reason why we are talking about the power and success of the Iranian nation is to ensure that the Iranian nation has benefited from such power and that the Iranian nation has benefited from such
We do not have powerful aspects. On the other hand, we have powerful aspects. But on the other hand, we have powerful aspects. On the other hand, we have powerful aspects. On the other hand, we have
This year we will name the year 1390 as the Year of Economic Development. This year we will focus on the issue of economy.
The efforts that the officials of the country have made over the past year and the unity of the people in the arena of economy and the unity of the people in the arena of economy and the unity of the
One of the points that can be referred to in this regard is that the government's policies are based on the government's support.
All economists - both in the previous governments or in the past governments - considered that these policies have been implemented in the previous governments.
Although this is an issue that has been continued without being achieved, it has continued without being achieved without being achieved without being achieved without being achieved without being ac
This is not safeguarding, but what the government officials - both in the government and in the parliament - have done - and the public supported them.
All of our nations have feeled themselves, but this is an important task. This is an important task.
One of the goals of this project is to divide the government’s support to the people in facility.
I recently said that this support was divided between different sectors of the society through a fraudulent method that it was divided between different sectors of society through a fraudulent method
I have different stories from different parts of the country that show that this has impacted the lives of people in the society.
This is one of the goals of this project and it is the most important goal of this project.
One other goal is to revive the production system and the economy of the country.
According to economists - who all pay attention to this issue - this can be changed through the implementation of the government and the government of the Iranian nation through the implementation of
One other goal is to use the energy at the right time.
Of course we are a country who has been benefitted from oil, gas, and consumption without paying attention to the use of oil, gas and consumption without paying attention.
How we are using these blessings in many countries in the world — maybe this is more than any other countries in the world.
The data released and the data released shows us that if this project is not completely complete, it shows us that if this project is not completely completely completely completely completely comple
When we are not providing quality for domestic water, what should we do?
That is to say, the Iranian nation should be the people who should be the people who should be the people who should be the people who should be the people who should be the people who should be the
But the result of this effort has been successful. Today domestic oil is almost comparable to what is produced in the country. Today domestic oil is almost comparable to what is produced in the count
This was the movement that was done in the year 1390 when our enemies imposed sanctions to destroy our nation.
But the youth of our nation made efforts and through their efforts through their efforts through their efforts, through their efforts, they managed to solve the enemies' plots.
The very important achievement that was made last year by the public efforts, was what was done in the arena of knowledge and technology.
Knowledge and technology are one of the foundations for the economy and make it stable.
When a nation achieves knowledge and technological progress, it will achieve political and political power, it will become more powerful, it will become more powerful, it will become more powerful, i
Because the importance of knowledge and technology is the result of the issue of knowledge and technology, I would like to pay attention to this issue.
I receive different reports from different sectors of different sectors and I would like to tell you that the progress of the country has been made by different sectors.
According to the reports published by global scientific organizations - which is not our scientific organizations - according to the reports of the global scientific organizations - scientific progre
In the year 1390, which marks about the year 1390, a global scientific report published by international scientific organizations in the year 1390 — which is three months after the destruction of t
This happened when the enemies of the Iranian nation planned to defeat the Iranian nation saying that we have imposed sanctions on the Iranian nation, but the enemies of the Iranian nation have impos
In their reports - including the reports of recognized scientific organizations across the world - they say that in this region Iran is the first in the arena of scientific development.
This is a report of some people who had the opportunity to report about what they did, but they said in the year 1390.
This means 90 per cent of uranium, which was what America and others established in 1389 before they gave us.
We should provide energy to our Tehran Research Center because it is necessary to provide energy for our Tehran Research Center because it is almost protected by the Iranian nation.
They established certain provisions to give us uranium, saying we should send the uranium to foreign countries. But we did not accept this.
Brazilian and Turkish officials came to meet with the President and signed an agreement.
But after the agreement was approved, the Americans did not want to approve this agreement. They wanted to approve this agreement. They wanted to approve this agreement. They wanted to approve this a
Due to the failure of the American governments, this left the Brazilian and Turkish governments in confusion. This is why the uranium production of the world has been consumed by the US governments.
Last year, they produced uranium from Tehran's Nuclear Centre and announced it to the world.
Although they know that Tehran's center is for providing treatment — that is to save the needs of the patients, research, and thousands of patients have been committed to research and thousands of
This is where our youth created it.
This is a very difficult and difficult process, but this is a very difficult process. This is a very difficult process and different vaccines are provided in this centre.
This happened in the year 1390.
Of course, when the issue of domestic uranium, they said that you should give Russia the uranium that you should give Russia the uranium that you should give Russia the uranium that you should give R
This happened in the year 1390.
The increase in the number of medical products up to six times, the increase in the number of foreign products up to six times, the increase in the number of foreign products up to six times and the
These are part of the successes that have been made in the year of 'Economic Development' (last year).
These are knowledge progress, technological progress and technological progress, but all of them have an impact on the economy of the country.
In the end of the year 1390 - that is to say, in the end of the year 1390 - I traveled to the Oil Institute for Oil Industry.
I see many progresses in different areas of scientific areas. I see many progresses in different areas of scientific areas. I see many progresses in different areas of scientific areas.
First of all, the spirit of jihad is in the hearts of the jihadists.
They do their work with a jihadist spirit. They do their work with a jihadist spirit. They do their work with a jihadist spirit.
There is a difference between those who are working for money, position, position or education between those who are working as jihadists and those who are working as jihadists and those who are work
This is a very important and important point.
The second advantage is that our experts have taken this sanction to our nation as an opportunity.
Some people told me that we are thankful for the sanctions.
I feel that the sanctions that the enemy put us as an opportunity is very important.
The second characteristic that I found at that point is the great faith.
Some sectors of the oil industry are only three to four countries. They do not let somebody get this knowledge.
Our country has needed to learn women in this arena where difficult and corrupt efforts have cost many money.
But in my eyes, I see that the experts have made efforts and said that we can.
This unity between a nation and a society is very valuable.
Another characteristic is relying on the youth.
Because labor is in the hands of the youth.
Youth are the foundations for innovation and innovation.
Another characteristic is the relationship between industry and universities. This is my hope.
I always advise different officials who have relations with previous governments to make efforts to maintain the relationship between the industry and the industry.
I saw that this relationship was established at that point.
Of course this is obvious to all of our industries and universities. This is obvious to all of our industries and universities.
This was the year of 1390. This was the year where the enemies were threatened by the enemies since the beginning of it. They were threatened by the enemies and they were threatened. They were threat
Currently, the American supporters across the world are trying to implement these sanctions, in order to harm the people of the world.
There were some great victories in the year 1390, including the diplomatic work that was made in the year 1390, including the diplomatic work that was made in the year 1390.
Organizing Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution Week, the international war without terrorism, the international war without terrorism, the international war without terrorism, the internationa
The Islamic Republic of Iran has been an organization where the eyes of the world of Islam have begun.
In the economic arena, thousands of houses have been built and delivered to the public.
This is a very important and important number. Houses were built in villages, roads and great roads.
These are the things that have been created in the past few years of justice.
Despite the enemies and the miserable efforts of the enemies, the nation has been strong and achieved such progress.
Of course it is necessary to remember that the elections have not been completed. I hope that the people will be present when the second part of the election will be held when the second part of the
This election is very important.
I would like to tell you, as I have said before, about six months have been making efforts to kill the people in order to avoid them.
Sometimes they say that if the people fail, the opposition to the Iranian nation will reduce their opposition towards the Iranian nation will reduce their opposition towards the Iranian nation.
Sometimes through killing our scholars - who have done three things in over six months - their goal was to save our people, and their goal was to save our people, and their goal was to save our peopl
Over the past four years, the total number of people during the Senate and Representative elections in the Senate and Representative elections has not been lower than 40 per cent.
Then you compare this with the Iranian nation - look at the presence of the people and the presence of the people - the importance of this issue will be clear.
Through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, t
This election was a very powerful and powerful media.
They have blocked information about the events that happened in Iran, saying false stories about Iran and disinformation about the events that are happening in Iran.
This issue has happened in the eyes of the people.
This election was like a powerful media platform that explained the truth of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to other people in the world.
These are the events that took place in the year 1390. These are the events that the enemies used to destroy the Iranian nation.
These are some of the victories that the Iranian nation made in the year 1390.
Since the issue of nuclear was announced, the enemies denied it.
They know and they know that Iran wants nuclear weapons.
This is true of the reality. We will not develop nuclear weapons. We will not develop nuclear weapons. We will not develop nuclear weapons. We will not develop nuclear weapons.
What is the essence of this issue?
The first point is the position of the Islamic Republic in protecting the economy of this country.
Today and tomorrow - just like yesterday - the economic, political, and military power are dependent on energy and oil.
The world will need gas for many years. This is an issue that everybody can appreciate.
The global powers know that their lives are dependent on oil and gas.
When they fail to achieve this good oil at a good price, they will have to achieve this good oil at a good price. They will have to achieve this good oil at a good price, and they will have to achiev
Therefore, the petroleum delivered by certain European and western countries will be safeguarded for three, six, three or three years. Therefore, the petroleum delivered by certain European countries
The United States have currently spent about thirty billion billion billion, according to our statistics, according to our statistics — which is dependent on the same statistics that our scientists
That time, they would depend on the oil production from the Persian Gulf, which is more than half per cent of the world's oil production is more than half per cent of the world's oil production.
They would rely on the three oil resources of our region and the Persian Gulf. They would rely on the three oil resources of our region and the Persian Gulf.
The most powerful country in the world - not just the Persian Gulf - is the most powerful country in the world - the most powerful country in the world - is the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Some countries have gas and oil and oil.
In terms of gasoline production, we are the second country in the world - Russia is the first country in the world and we are the third country in the world. Oil and oil are the three countries that
This is an important issue for the countries who use water and the powerful countries who have all their lives during their lifetime. This is an important issue for the countries who spend their live
The Islamic Republic of Iran - according to the blessings of the Islamic Republic - will be protected by the Islamic Republic of Iran - according to the blessings of the Islamic Republic - according
A country with oil and gas, what do the arrogant powers want?
They want the country to be under a government and a system that will be under their hands. They want the country to be under a government and a system that will be under the hands of other countries
If in Iran, the producer of oil and gas production, there is an independent system and an independent government that stands strong in the protection of this country, there is an independent system a
Those who think that if we come back on the issue of nuclear issues, America will end the end of its attacks with us.
Their problem is not a nuclear problem.
There are countries that have nuclear weapons and they are also in our region, but they are not familiar with them.
Therefore, the issue is not just the issue of nuclear weapons, but it is not just the issue of human rights.
The problem is the Islamic Republic.
If the Islamic Republic is just like other countries in this region, it will not be prepared for its people.
This is the reason why they are opposing to the Iranian nation. This is the reason why they are opposing to the Iranian nation.
Of course the Americans do wrong.
It is the greatest wrong to think that the Islamic Republic of Iran will force the Islamic Republic towards the Islamic Republic towards the Islamic Republic towards the Islamic Republic.
Western countries do not let their nations understand the challenges that can affect their nations in the arena of oil.
They do not want their nations to understand what is ahead of the issue of oil and energy. They do not want to tell their nations these things.
They think that the Iranian nation will bring about security and development of their work towards the Iranian nation. I do not can.
I would like to tell you, dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian nation, that America with all its power, all its power, all its power, all its power, all its power, all its power and all its power
I would not want to create security information or specific stories. What I would say is clear like the two calculations.
The new American president is still at the top of power by the slogan of the “transformation” slogan.
What does the transformation mean?
This is the fact that we are in a very brilliant condition and I would like to change this condition.
He was entered in the arena and he was rejected by the people because of this slogan. If this slogan was not the case, the American nation who was known and committed to this slogan, the American nat
That is to say, the effect of this transformation on the US nation shows that the situation of the United States has been shown that the situation of the United States has been shown that the situati
Therefore, it was accepted that the situation was very dangerous.
I would not want to say this. The Americans have shown that the situation is strange.
Why did this person cause a change?
Will he change this dangerous situation?
This investment increased or increased the investment in domestic production.
This is a great problem for a country.
This is what they are considering: they have forced them to leave Iraq without achieving anything. In Afghanistan, the situation is almost daily. In Afghanistan, the situation is almost daily.
In Muslim countries, in Egypt, in North Africa, and Tunisia, America's insight has spread in their eyes.
In addition to all these things, the Wall Street movement in America has also become more important than the Wall Street movement.
Is this good condition?
Therefore, America is in a difficult conflict.
Of course America might threaten certain countries. It might be threatened.
I would like to tell you that we do not have any nuclear weapons, we will not have any nuclear weapons, but in order to protect us from any attack on our country, we will protect us from any attack o
The Holy Quran promises us that those who have taken you and those who have taken you and those who have taken you and those who have taken you and those who have taken you and those who have taken y
The path of God which began from this is and you will not find the path of God (with the help of faithful against the oppressors). [The Holy Quran, 48: 22-23].
There is no point in the Holy Quran that if you start the war, you will victory. If you start the war, you will victory. If you start the war, you will victory. If you start the war, you will victory
However, Allah promised that when the enemy begins attacking you, they will be defeated.
This is not the issue of the beginning of Islam. You should not think that this is the issue of the beginning of Islam.
The Iranian nation is determined and does not mean that it does not mean that it does not mean that it does not mean that it does not mean that it does not mean that it does not mean that it does not
When you sell and use of domestic products, you help the Iranian laborers, you help the Iranian laborers, you help the Iranian laborers, you help the Iranian laborers, you help the Iranian laborers,
This wrong culture - which can be seen in certain sectors of our nation - is using foreign products and products that have been manufactured in some parts of our country - is wrong.
Each of us has a responsibility to support and support our domestic production.
Today administrators have a limit in their hands and they can use this to strengthen domestic production.
The nations - including laborers and laborers - should join themselves in order to manage their labor.
You should be a domestic searcher and use of domestic products.
It is not proud and wrong to promote foreign products from foreign countries - in our homes, in our markets, in our countries, in the needs of today and tomorrow.
I have heard that some of the products produced in certain cities of the country are made with the symbols of foreign companies and they are returned.
If they were sold here, the seller would not want them, but if they were sold here, the seller would not like to buy them.
Domestic products are very important.
In the arena of production, the majority of the work is in the hands of the people.
Dear brothers and sisters in the country, we need unity and work.
There are many differences that cause differences.
Sometimes it is noticed that the view of two people is different, but this should not cause a different view of the issue.
Sometimes when a person has a different opinion and other person has a different opinion, this should not cause discord.
The Holy Quran tells us that the Holy Quran represents us: "And do not stand up until you suffer and your flame will go" [The Holy Quran, 8:46]. If we stand up until you stand up until you stand up u
The power that our enemies have made in recent years was the result of the discord between us.
The Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) teaches us, saying: "Whoever seeks falsehood but falsehood is not the same as whoever seeks falsehood but falsehood is not the same as whoever seeks falsehood and
An opponent who wants righteousness and loves the Islamic Republic, who wants the Islamic Republic, who wants the Revolution, who wants the Revolution, who wants the Revolution, who wants the Revolut
It is different from the person who follows the path that is opposed to the Islamic Republic and defends the Islamic Republic.
The most important is that the digital media and the Internet have been made by the digital media and the digital media and the Internet have been made by the digital media and the Internet have been
However, the essence of this is that we should feel that we should pay attention to the Islamic laws. We should pay attention to the laws.
However, this statement should not be considered as a false statement when some people come to accuse and say something disinformation against the youth.
No, I am supporting all the faithful, faithful and faithful youth of the country as my children and I am supporting them. I am supporting all the youth of the country and I am supporting them.
Everybody should respect the law.
Responding to the Islamic Revolution is in the constitution of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the Iranian officials.
The government respects the role of the government and the president. The government respects the role of the government and the president.
This does not mean that all of them should have a different opinion. This does not mean that if they have a different opinion, everybody will have a different opinion.
I hope that the year 1391, which begins today, will be one of the most prominent years for the Iranian nation. I hope that the year 1391 will be one of the most prominent years for the Iranian nation
Dear God, by the blessings of Muhammad and his household, by the blessings of Muhammad and his household, by the blessings of Muhammad and his household, by the blessings of Muhammad and his househol
Dear God, destroy the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, make this honorable nation towards its goals. Make the heart of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) towards its goals. Make the heart of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) towards us. Make the heart of the Ho
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic R
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise be upon Allah, the Lord of the Exalted.
Greetings be upon Siddiqatut Tahira Fatima the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) daughter, her father, her husband, her husband and children.
I would like to extend my congratulations to all the dear brothers and sisters who participated in this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will prepare our hearts and languages towards His grace.
This is a great opportunity for me that every year, on Nourouz every year, on Nourouz every year, on Nourouz every year, I have the opportunity to celebrate Nourouz every year, on Nourouz every year,
Dear brothers and sisters, you should remember that we Iranian nation not only pay attention to our issues and calculate them. We are not only paying attention to our issues, but there are some peopl
There are certain nations who are benefiting from the experiences of the Iranian nation. They pay attention to the situation of the Iranian nation.
If we achieve a victory, they feel that they are victorious. If we achieve a victory, they feel that they are victorious.
There are some people in the world who are paying attention to our work, but they are different from the first people.
They are hopeful for the Iranian nation.
They are the people who have been responsible for all the issues that affect the country. They are the people who have been responsible for all the issues that affect the country.
Then the Islamic Revolution came and the Islamic Revolution came.
They are opposed to the Revolution, they are opposed to the government of the Revolution and the system.
Therefore, we are under the scene of a large number of human beings.
Therefore, when we look at the previous and future plans, our view should be clear and clear.
Some of our people look at the conditions of the country.
They are not seen without the prices of domestic production, increased domestic production in some sectors and the enemy's pressure.
I have a different view.
When I look at the situation of the country and the situation of our nation, I see that the Iranian nation was the only winner. The Iranian nation was the only winner.
There are very dangerous events in the country. There are very dangerous events in the country. There are very dangerous events in the country. There are very dangerous events in the country.
This unexperienced woman, who later served the position of secretary of foreign affairs for the US, criticized that "We want to provide the Islamic Republic to the Islamic Republic".
I will explain what they did in the future. I will explain what they did in the future and where they did.
Therefore, on the other hand, there is a great attempt by the enemy in the arena of the challenges of the Iranian nation, but on the other hand, there is a great attempt by the enemy in the arena of
When one looks at the arena of sports, it is like a sports arena where one champion will win the championship, but one champion will win the championship and the other champions will win the champion
The champion of this great arena is the Iranian nation.
Whoever looks at this arena and researches will be appreciated by the Iranian nation.
Politicians, university officials and other people who know how the world is progressing and who know how the world is progressing and all praise the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to consider the efforts that have been made across the country and the results that have been made across the country.
Who are these people?
I will later discuss this issue later.
The enemies who do not hope that the Iranian nation has made such progress in all areas have two principles: first is that the Iranian nation has made such progress in all areas. The first is that th
They will do this by imposing sanctions, threats, threats, threats, threats, threatening government officials and other outstanding activities.
The President of the United States referred to the economic problems of Iran. He said that the Iranian nation has been faced with the economic problems. He said that the Iranian nation has been faced
He said that the Iranian monetary rate has risen and there are economic problems here and there are economic problems in the country.
However, he did not mention the good work that has been done in the country and the great success of the Iranian nation.
The year 1391 was one of the years when our enemies experienced their destructive activities.
They say that we want to support the Iranian nation by imposing sanctions.
Because if the Islamic Republic stands on its power, the Islamic Republic stands on its power, the Islamic Republic will achieve progress.
Therefore, if they are not able to do this, they should only try to do this through media. If they are not able to do this through media, they should only try to do this through media.
Today there are two things that are being done without the hand of the child. That is to say, through sanctions, through sanctions, through sanctions, through sanctions, through sanctions, through sa
We said that there are enemies.
Who are these enemies?
What is the essence of these movements against the Iranian nation?
Answering this question is not difficult.
Today the hearts and souls of the Iranian nation have returned to the US government.
The American officials should understand that during the past thirty thirty years, the Iranian nation has seen certain things that have made the Iranian nation interested.
This is an important point that every government who wants to live in security in the world should pay attention to this issue.
They are the center of these attacks and destruction.
Of course there are other enemies, but they are not seen as the primary enemies.
The Zionist government is also an enemy, but the Zionist government did not make them among the enemies of the Iranian nation.
Sometimes the independent Israeli officials threaten us and threaten us to make a military attack. But in my opinion, they know that if the Israeli officials are threatened to make a military attack
The British regime is also destroying the Iranian nation.
Britain is one of the oldest enemies of the Iranian nation. But the British regime is one of the oldest enemies of the Iranian nation.
The British government has no independence. The British government has no independence.
There are certain governments which are showing disinformation.
I would like to tell you that the French government officials have recently expressed their harassment to the Iranian nation. This is a disgrace for the French officials.
A careful person, especially a politician who knows what it is necessary, should not appear as an enemy.
We have no problem with the government and France throughout history. We have no problem with the government and France throughout history. But the wrong policy is the wrong policy.
In our opinion, this is a mistake and failure.
When they speak, the Americans use the names of certain countries as "global countries". They used the names of certain countries as "global countries". They used the names of certain countries as "g
Today when we want to look at Iran and the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Islamic Republic of Iran, we should know that the Islamic Republic of Iran has been destroyed by the Islamic Republic of Ir
Since the beginning of the year 1391, they began imposing sanctions on the Iranian nation: oil sanctions, oil sanctions on banks and monetary banks.
They hope that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are the enemies and that they are the enemies of the Iranian nation.
Imam Ali bn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) said in his first speech in his first speech in his first speech in his first speech in his first speech in his first speech in his first speech in his first speech i
The American government has selected specialists to speak to the world and meet with the heads of companies to speak with the heads of companies to ensure that they are not affected by the companies.
And they should punish them if they have a financial relationship with the Islamic Republic.
Since the beginning of the year 1391, they started this work since Mordad, especially in Mordad.
I should say - as I have said last months - that the Americans expressed their feelings that the sanctions have been imposed by the Iranian nation and I have proven that the sanctions have been impos
Our economy is faced with the problem that it is dependent on oil.
We should separate our economy from oil. Our governments should do this in their programmes.
I told the government for eight and eight years ago that they should make a structure that we can close our oil rivers whenever we want, we can close our oil rivers whenever we want, we can close our
At that time, some who called themselves ‘experts’ were hoping that it was possible?
Of course, it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something.
When the economy of a country has a specific point, the enemies will make efforts on this point.
Of course sanctions have affected, but they do not have the effect that the enemies want.
This is the issue of economic activities. This is the issue of economic activities. In the arena of political activities, over the year 1391, the enemies made everything that they had done in the are
Governments should not let the Islamic Republic influence its policies on the Islamic Republic, that is to say, that the Islamic Republic should not let the Islamic Republic influence its policies on
That was what they expected.
The countries of the Islamic River Group represent three percent of all nations in the world. The leaders and government officials of the Islamic River Group said that the countries of the Islamic Ri
All of them praised the Iranian nation.
They told us this, and their nations all said that in an interview with media and their nations all said that after they returned to the country.
That is to say, what the enemies of the Iranian nation hoped.
They have made an impact.
In the domestic arena of political affairs, their aim to put these sanctions in the hearts of the Iranian nation about their path. They create a new path for the Iranian nation and they create a new
On Bahman 22, the Iranian nation promoted their attention to the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic through their attention to the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic.
In the arena of security, they made everything they could to destroy the country’s stability, which government officials expressed attention to these things in their interviews.
They have tried to end the impact of the Islamic Republic.
In the regional arena of political affairs, they have confirmed that no problem in the region can be solved without the presence of Iran and the presence of the Iranian nation.
In the attacks of the Zionist regime against Gaza, the Iranian presence of the Zionist regime has left the Zionists attacked by the Palestinian revolutionaries.
They said that if the Islamic Republic and its power, the Palestinian revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary rev
This is because during the eight-day war, the Palestinians managed to defeat Israel during the eight-day war.
I said that their efforts were not affected by their efforts, but in fact it made us a great victory. It made us a great victory.
That is to say, the sanctions moved the Iranian nation with their experience and experience, they made great achievements. If these sanctions were not imposed by the Iranian nation, they would not be
Our youth have made success without sanctions. In the arena of construction without sanctions, which we will not achieve success without sanctions. In the arena of construction without sanctions, whi
There have been many progressive projects in the arena of construction, in the arena of development, in the arena of development, in the arena of development, in the arena of innovation and innovatio
We made great progress in the arena of knowledge in the year 1391.
In the arena of scientific and technology, many projects have been made last year that will happen to the people who believe in a good future for the country.
That is to say, our youth and our honorable youth and our honorable youth and our honorable youth and our dear youth and our honorable youth and our honorable youth and our honorable youth this year
When this magnanimous man was transferred to the earth and returned to the earth and returned to the earth, first of all scientists in the world denounced this issue. First of all scientists in the w
However, after truth appeared to everybody, they found that there was no way to acknowledge this.
In the health and medical sector, great work have been made in the arena of health and medical services.
In the arena of scientific technology, we have remained the top in the region.
There were great work and some vaccines were produced.
All these things have been done in the year that the Iranian nation was prohibited to prevent a good life and all human victories.
This year, we were first in different areas of scientific areas.
In the university scientific and technological arena, the country recorded a thirty percent progress compared to last year.
In 1391, the number of university students increased undergraduate students about five per cent compared to the beginning of the Revolution.
That is to say, our university students increased by 10 per cent of the university students last year.
These are great victories that the Iranian nation has made.
The Iranian nation has made valuable achievements in the arena of water, nuclear energy, nuclear production, and nuclear production. The Iranian nation has made valuable achievements in the arena of
These are all these things occurred in the year when the enemies of the Iranian nation did everything to destroy the Iranian nation.
There are great lessons from the events that happened in the year 1391 for us. This lesson is that every nation who is living in the year 1391 will face the threats and threats of the Islamic Republi
She said that what is important for a nation is that what is important for a nation is that what is important for a nation is that what is important for a nation is that what is important for a natio
This is what will bring it to the future.
The year 1391 was an arena of examination and testimony.
Of course we understand what we have. This is the characteristic of athletics.
During military training, the Armed Forces understand their power, they understand their power, their weakness and their weakness.
We know what we are faced with.
This is one of the dangers that we have had - which I already said about is one of the dangers that we have had - which is one of the dangers that we have had - is one of the dangers that we have had
The government officials - especially those who are at the power of the power and especially those who are at the power and especially those who are at the power of the presidential elections - shoul
Another lesson we learned is that the foundation of the country is strong.
When the foundation is strong, the enemy's efforts will not affect the enemy's efforts.
If the honorable officials of the country understand their responsibilities and do their responsibilities according to the responsibilities of the responsibilities of the country, they will be achiev
By Allah's favor, the impact of the officials and the people of the country will see the impact of the year 1391.
Of course economy is a very important issue, but economy is not just an important issue. It is not just an important issue. It is not just an important issue. It is not just an important issue.
Because if knowledge is progressive in the country, all the other things that will be done in the future will be easier.
National independence and independence is also important. Regional independence is very important. Regional independence is very important. Regional independence is very important.
We have made progress in all these areas.
In terms of security, international and international influence, international and international influence, international and international problems.
Through such progress, our nation has proven that lack of staying under America's power does not mean a transformation. This is very important.
Today the international powers and powers - which are independent - today America wants to show the nations that if they are independent in the world, if they are independent in the world, if they ar
The Iranian nation has confirmed that this is a violation.
Our nation has proven that lack of resistance on America and other great countries will not only make progress.
There are some countries that have been familiar with America.
We have such experience in the past 30 years. Look at the past 30 years of the Islamic Republic. Look at the past 30 years of the Islamic Republic. Look at the past 30 years of the Islamic Republic a
Whoever learns this, understands that lack of resistance on global countries is an opportunity for a nation, not a threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation has benefited from this opportunity.
We previously did this in the past and we saw his victory.
One example is the issue of the production of 10 per cent of Tehran’s nuclear energy production where the production of nuclear products is produced by the Tehran National Research Center.
This small facility requires about 30 per cent of electricity which we did not provide from foreign countries.
They should focus on this need in order to encourage the Islamic Republic to accept the decisions of the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic to accept the decisions of the Islamic Republic.
However, before the issue became a problem, our youth and scientific students returned to the energy that was said to be a problem, our youth and scientific students produced the energy that was said
Our opponents do not expect that we could do so.
However, our government officials understood the needs of the Iranian nation and they strengthened the needs of the Iranian nation and they strengthened the security of the Iranian nation.
When they think that the Islamic Republic will come against them, the Islamic Republic will come against them and the Islamic Republic will come against them. The Islamic Republic will come against t
If our knowledge and youth do not do such things, today we will go to the people who are opposed to the people who are opposed to the people who are opposed to the people who are opposed to the peopl
The officials of the country understood this and they did what they should do.
Therefore, we have achieved victory. The Iranian governments, the industrial governments, the industrial governments, the industrial governments, the industrial governments, the industrial government
Scientific research should be in this regard. Scientific research should be in this regard.
If they do industrial or scientific work, all of them should be in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to try to build the country so that it cannot be affected by the enemies.
We should preserve it. This is one of our economic necessities that we have prepared.
In a revolutionary economy, one of the essential points is to prevent the economy against any threat.
The economy should be threatened. It should be threatened by the enemies. It should be threatened by the enemies.
This is the first thing that I should tell you.
The second point is that the Americans send messages to us in different ways, saying that they should come together to discuss the issue of nuclear issues. They say that they should come together to
American government officials and international officials often tell us that after the 5+1 nuclear negotiations, the United States and the Republic of Iran, the United States and the Republic of Iran
Why?
Because our experience shows that negotiations in America do not mean that negotiations in America mean that negotiations in America mean that negotiations in America mean that negotiations in Americ
What means discussion means sit and discuss what we say.
Therefore, we always announce that this is not a negotiation and Iran will not be threatened.
I do not have any hope about the things that they say, but I am not preventing.
However, there are a few points that should be explained:
The first point is that the Americans send messages to us, sometimes they send messages. They say that we do not mean that we do not mean that we do not mean that we do not mean that we do not mean t
Our answer is whether you want to establish the Islamic Republic or not. Our answer is that you do not want to transform the Islamic Republic or not. You do not want to transform the Islamic Republic
At that time, when you wanted to establish the Islamic Republic, you would not do something in the future. You would not do something in the future and you would not do something in the future.
The second point is that the Americans have made messages that we are really involved in the issue of negotiations.
That is to say, we want to interview with you and we want to interview with you. That is to say, we want to interview with you and we want to interview with you.
I told them many times that we do not mean defense weapons, but you say that we do not mean defense weapons.
Why do we agree with what you said?
When you are not prepared to accept a righteous statement that is righteous, we will acknowledge what you say.
Our understanding of the American recommendations that the Americans present is an instruction for the people of the world and the people of the country. The people of the world and the people of the
You should confirm that this is not the case.
Can you explain?
I would like to address that one of their methods is that one of their methods is that one of their methods is that some people from the Leader have come to an interview with the Leader.
This is a propaganda method and its falsehood.
The Leader has not spoken together with them.
The second point is that what we know, based on experience and experience on the arena is that America does not want to end this negotiation.
The Americans do not want to stop the nuclear negotiations and to solve this issue. If they want to stop the negotiations and to solve this issue, they will not want to solve this issue.
What Iran wants in the issue of nuclear power is that the world should accept the right to say uranium, which is its right.
The powerful countries in the world should acknowledge that the Iranian nation has the right to use uranium for its health and peace in its country.
Is this a great hope? This is what we always say. They do not want.
They say that we are afraid that you will find the way to develop nuclear weapons.
They are other countries who I referred to before. They call themselves "global countries".
They say that the "global countries" are pregnant.
No, the global countries are not faced with such problems.
Most countries are supporting the Islamic Republic and our needs. They do this because the need of the Islamic Republic is a real need.
They should acknowledge the right to produce urnium and to avoid this challenge, they can implement the laws of the Nuclear Energy Commission (NEC).
As long as we are able to resolve the problem, the Americans will put a catastrophy to prevent the problem to resolve the problem.
Their goal, as we can understand, is that they want this issue to progress in order to make the situation more progressive in order to make the situation more progressive.
As they say, they cannot support the Iranian nation. They cannot support the Iranian nation. They cannot support the Iranian nation.
The second and last point of this issue is that if the Americans really want to stop this issue, I will offer an opportunity.
This is to say, the Americans should end their hate speech against the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want to end the problems between Iran and America - like they say that we want to end the problems between Iran and America - they should allow them to end the problems between Iran and Ameri
Different American governments have been considering their understanding of Iran and the people of the country, due to their understanding of Iran and the people of the country, they have managed to
Since the first year of the victory of the Islamic Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic government, they have shown us disinformation.
In the arena of security, they destroyed our security programmes. They destroyed our security and destructed our country. They supported our major and small enemies over the past few years.
Therefore, I ask the American officials that if they are looking for a right way, the right way is to change their policies, the right way is to change their policies, the right way is to change thei
There is another issue which I should only mention is the issue of elections.
Elections in our country are a political symbol.
Elections are the symbol of political stability. Elections are the symbol of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is the symbol of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is the symbol of th
Elections symbolize national determination and the symbol of Islamic democracy.
Therefore, because of the importance of the elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation are always trying to create fitna in the Iranian elections.
They have designed procedures to prevent people from participating in the elections, killing them, and making them frustration.
Over the years we have holded elections - including parliamentary elections or presidential elections - our enemies have always tried to ensure that the elections were not defeated. Our enemies have
Let’s say some things on the part of the election. Of course there were two months and a few months later.
However, I will mention a few things.
First of all, the first point in the elections is that the presence of the people during the elections is very important.
The participation of the public during the elections can reduce the effect of the enemies’ threats. It can harm the country’s security.
The people of our country should know that their presence during the elections will affect the future of the country.
This is the first point. That is to say, by Allah's favor, the election will be a great election for the people.
The second point is that all parties and organizations who believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a responsibility of everybody and everybody.
Elections are not a single group or a political party.
Those who believe in the Islamic Republic, the future of this country and those who believe in the Islamic Republic and those who believe in the Islamic Republic and those who believe in the future o
The revolution of the elections is ideal for those who are opposed to the system.
The second point is that the vote of the people is the result of the election.
You will conduct a survey of the candidates who stayed in the elections and advise the people who you believe in the elections to find the best candidate.
I do not have a better vote.
I, just like other people, I have one vote, and this vote before I put in the elections no one knows who would be banned.
Of course the people who are opening the election documents, when they open, they should know who I want to vote.
If someone says this, it is not true.
Of course during these days and these interesting news media - such as the media messages that are sent to the people - in these days and in these days and in these days and in these days and in the
One can send messages to thousands of messages.
I was reported that during the elections, thousands of messages might be sent to hundreds of millions of messages.
You should be careful. You should not be affected by these messages.
Of course, every person or a political party can increase the attention of other people towards it - no problem in this regard.
People can assist and help each other in order to find the best performance.
Of course the measure is the vote of the people.
The second point is that in the issues that affect elections and non-elections, everybody should respond to the law.
The year 1388 (2009 after the presidential election) - which caused dangers for the country - was due to the lack of respect for the law that the Islamic Republic implemented.
My views may be different from what I want, but I should respect this.
It is necessary to recognize what the majority of the people elect.
It is necessary to use these legal methods.
We should call the people to the road battle because only what happened in the year 1388 - and this is one of the things that happened in the year 1388. This is one of the things that happened in the
This is a lesson for the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation will stand strong.
The last point is that everybody should know that what we need from the coming president is what we need from the previous president is what we need from the previous president.
Everybody should know that the president of any country should have the best qualities that the president of any country has the best qualities that the president of any country has the best qualitie
Everybody has a weakness and weakness.
The presidents of the country - in the future and in the future - have both power and weakness.
The new president should have the characteristics that are considered today as the power of the government and the president of the country.
That is to say, in the governments which are coming and which are coming, they should follow the path of progress and they should follow the path of progress.
Those who are prepared to participate in this arena should participate with all their power and rely on the power of our nation.
Dear God, bestow benefit for this nation.
Dear God, make the spirit of the Imam of the Age be sacrificed for all of us.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on Imam Khomeini and the souls of our martyrs and us.
Dear God, make the things that we said because of Your path and Your path.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on August 17, 2011, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution delivered
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First, I would like to welcome the dear brothers and sisters in different areas of the economy of our country.
On the other hand, our meeting is showing the importance of the economic importance of the Islamic Republic's economy in such a condition. On the other hand, our meeting is showing the importance of
We want that one day of Ramadan become a group of people who are active in the fields of economic economy, the government, the industrial economy, the industrial economy, the industrial economy, the
This is the first thing. This is the first thing. This is the first thing that will be presented at this meeting.
This is a message to everybody - including government officials in the field of economic affairs, economic affairs in all areas of the country - including economic affairs in all areas of the country
The second point which held this conference made is thankfully the opportunity to prepare this conference and thankfully this is the opportunity for the non-government officials to participate in the
I do not say that it is necessary to say that it is necessary to say that it is necessary to say that it is necessary to say that it is necessary to say that it is necessary to say that it is necessa
I would like to tell you that I have a relationship with the people. People do not know about these progresses.
The issues that you have said about different areas - which I will be reported in different parts of the world and will be reported in different parts of the world and will be reported in different a
There are great work in the country and this is a great praise for the Iranian nation.
The progress of the Iranian nation is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made good progress in the production, in the services, in the agriculture, in the agriculture, in the agriculture, in the agriculture, in the agriculture, in the agriculture, in the agricultu
It is a good idea that people should hear this from different government officials who are not government officials.
All of us should understand that today one of the most effective ways of war by the enemies of the Iranian nation is killing people. I hope that today one of the most effective ways of war by the ene
Whatever is said should not be contradictory, hopeful and effortless.
It is necessary to feel that we have made a progressive progress. For example, we have made a progressive progress. For example, we have made a progressive progress. For example, we have made a progr
The first point is that we named this year as the Year of Economic Development.
The powerful policy of the arrogant powers is to harm the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in terms of economy.
Although they faulted the issue of nuclear energy in order to impose economic sanctions, this is false. The issue of nuclear energy is not the reason for these sanctions. The issue of nuclear energy
You can remember that when they issued serious sanctions that were imposed on the country, when they imposed sanctions that were imposed on the country, no sanctions were imposed on the country.
Although it is not an important sanction, it is currently named as the sanction, the sanction, known as the "D'Amato" sanction - the sanction known as the "D'Amato" sanction - the sanction known as t
The aim of the sanctions is to strengthen the economy of the country.
But proud is that the Iranian nation has suffered from these sanctions for two years.
Of course these sanctions have been imposed in recent years, but due to the improvement of different countries in the country, these sanctions have been imposed due to the improvement of different co
Therefore, it is necessary to prepare them. It is necessary to prepare them. It is necessary to prepare them. It is necessary to prepare them.
Unfortunately, this requires economic jihad.
Any movement is not called jihad.
This is a movement with certain characteristics.
This movement is one of the essential necessities for jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
Therefore, economic jihad means an economic movement that is continued with the goal of the Iranian nation with the goal of killing the enemies.
One other point is that in the programme of development - which is a very important programme of development - we have prepared a structure of development in the programme of development of the count
Of course other nations will not stand up to stand up to be the first nation. They are continuing their movements, they are continuing their movements.
Of course we have not used certain methods and we will not use them. Of course we have not used certain methods and we will not use them.
Therefore, this issue needs jihad.
This effort should be strong and there should be thought in it so that we can achieve the first position in order to achieve this first position.
The issue of achieving the first position is not just that we will achieve the first position. No, because the future of nations depends on the future of nations. Because the future of nations depend
If a country does not meet its needs in the arena of economic achievement and in the arena of scientific and in the arena of scientific achievement and in the arena of scientific achievement, it will
We do not want to oppress us.
Two years ago, our country has been faced with oppression and oppression.
The victory of the illegitimate government of the Islamic Republic and the efforts of the enemies were the result of this oppression.
Since 1800, the British interfered into the political organizations of the country and the political organizations of the country. The British interfered into the political organizations of the count
In the year 1800, the Indian ambassador was the first Indian ambassador into the country in the year 1800.
All these revolutionaries, royals and other other members of the Islamic Republic took place in this country. The enemies and their countries started in this country. The enemies and their countries
We do not want this to continue.
The Islamic Revolution created a strong power against them.
We want to increase this power.
We should not let them let them be active in our economy, our culture, our policy, our future and the future of our country.
One of the foundations of this domestic power is economy.
This is why we say we should be at the first position.
This is not to say that Iran should be the first in this region. No, because the future of our nation should be the future of our nation.
Therefore, it is necessary to make efforts and efforts that should be made with sincerity and influence on the children.
We have heard this and we see this as a result of the progress of the country during the Revolution.
What happened in our country was before the victory of the Revolution, nobody would think that this would happen before the victory of the Islamic Revolution.
The same is true of water but the events that are happening in other areas. The events that are happening in other areas have been happening in other areas. The events that are happening in other are
This is the result of my knowledge on different areas of the country and there is no part of the country in which our youth cannot benefit from. There is no part of the country in which our youth can
This is a very important point.
The economic power of our country is very important.
I have said sometimes that if we compare the population of our country with the number of people and the global population, it will see that they have increased in the population of our country and t
The population of our country is more than one percent of the population of the world, just as the population of our country is more than one percent of the population of the world.
These are very important areas and they are very valuable.
The issue of water problems that are taking place in our country - we are a country with low water problems. We are a country with low water problems. We are a country with low water problems.
Therefore, the country has a lot of benefits.
The same is true of our region.
We are a very important place.
The relationship between two coasts and the relationship between East and West, and the relationship between Asia and Europe is one of the most important parts of the world.
All these are good things for us.
Today - as we mentioned in this regard - we have achieved only one percent of our nation's development programme.
That is to say, a three-year programme organized and organized. This year was the first stage of the five programme.
Of course there have been many activities in the four-year programme.
According to the report, there have been very important activities. However, there have been very important activities. However, there have been very important activities.
The policies that have been announced in the arena of the country, the independent policy of the country, the independent policy of the country, the independent policy of the country, the independent
If we can manage to manage these programmes, we will benefit from the opportunities and benefits that have been prepared for, we will benefit from the opportunities and benefits that have been prepar
These policies can create unity and establish an economic movement.
Of course, some of the goals that have been designed in the 30-year system were not achieved. There were different reasons that have been prevented. There were different reasons that have been preven
Issues such as the 8 per cent progress, the reduction of the economic unemployment, the reduction of investment prices, the reduction of production prices — such as the reduction of investment pric
This is what we need to make more efforts in the five years.
According to what has been said in this legislation, we should investigate in the arena of government ownership and economic activities.
What is the goal? What is the goal? What is the goal? What is the goal?
They estimated that the necessity for investment during the five years, they found that the necessity for investment during the five years is about $160 billion.
It is necessary to create this.
There have been good achievements but there have been good achievements but it is necessary to increase knowledge. It is not just that we should increase knowledge. It is not just that we should incr
With good actions, there are always good actions.
I have been speaking about the issue of coronavirus for many years.
When I present this issue, certain people come to me and say that the statements you do about the issue of the pandemic will anger the people of the country.
I have told them that what you say is what you say. This will encourage them to enter the country.
Any supplier who wants food and wants to make safe food and wants to make safe activities that the judiciary is approved, he will not believe that the government will not believe that the government
We are opposed to those who are spending government money and those who use the opportunities and those who use the opportunities. It is necessary to use the opportunities and those who use the oppor
All economic ministers and government officials in this regard are present in this regard.
They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said.
We should not let the things that have been said here.
Although Mr Tawakkuli said that there were no bad things that were not said in this regard, why were there were no bad things that were presented? Why were there were no bad things that were presente
If these recommendations are based on these recommendations, I believe that these recommendations are good recommendations that can be read and analyzed. There are many things that have been said in
First, the issue of assistance is the foundation of the production sector. Production is the foundation of the economy. Production is the foundation of the economy. Production is the foundation of th
In the issue of the issue of the government in this regard, it is necessary to identify the issue of the government in this regard. It is necessary to identify the issue of the government in this reg
Of course some of the government officials who I spoke with us, believed that there was no need for this 30 per cent.
This may be the case in certain areas, but in certain cases, the production sector needs the support of government organizations.
There are areas where the sanctions have affected - either directly or indirectly - and we should benefit from these sanctions.
However, the marketers also have a responsibility in this regard: (including the increasing use of energy, increasing use of energy, increasing use of energy and increasing use of energy, increasing
Some of the government officials made me concerned that some of the companies did not do anything to improve their equipment machines.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue.
Of course, the government's position is very important. Of course, the government's position is very important.
But we should pay attention to the people who I mentioned - that is to say, the people who have been used by the opportunity - that is to say, the people who have been used by the opportunity - that
It is necessary to face this situation with all capacities to face this situation with all capacities to manage their work.
The second point is the issue of importation. I have spoken together with officials on the issue of importation. I have spoken together with officials on the issue of importation.
Nobody is opposed to importation, but it is necessary to pay attention to the conditions of importation.
The movement to force us to let us lose something — such as Eid al-Adha — something is lost in the market, is not a great reason that will allow us to lose something in the market.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic products.
Of course, importation will help domestic production. Of course, importation will help domestic production.
I believe this is not a strong reason.
I believe that the issue of importation of foreign products especially for agricultural products, especially for agricultural products. I believe that the issue of importation of foreign products is
We have good products in the arena of agriculture.
One of the teachers presented a report on the use of lemon production.
Our country is one of the prominent countries in this regard.
We should increase our production.
We should start importing these agricultural products to the world see what is available in Iran. We should not start importing these products from Iran. We should not start importing these products
The second point is the issue of exporting products to foreign countries.
Of course the government has a responsibility to assist the producers.
According to one brother referred to this is that our products with non-oil products have increased and that our products with non-oil products have increased and that our products with non-oil produ
It should be achieved as much as we can benefit from the consumption of oil production through oil production.
One of the great challenges that are faced by our economy and the global economy is one of the great challenges that are faced by our economy.
I have said - of course at that time the government officials did not believe that the government officials did not believe this at that time - we should achieve a position in which we would achieve
You should see what will happen in the world.
Today we cannot do this because we need these money.
The Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic of Iran will benefit from oil production, the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic of Iran will benefit from oil production and the Islamic Republic of
We should do so. We should support this issue and we should support the issue of exporting production. We should support this issue of exporting production.
In this regard, the exporters and their officials have a responsibility to their responsibility. The countries that have been mentioned in this regard have been mentioned in this regard. The countrie
There are companies in the world who have been developing products and selling them to customers and continue to recognize themselves.
For example, a German or Swiss company has been developing products and selling their products for about six years.
Why?
The producers should pay attention to these things.
This is an issue that needs tradition. Tradition and quality of labor in the products produced for domestic and foreign use.
The issue of fighting the pandemic against the pandemic is also important.
If there is no oppressive person in the government, he will not have the oppressive person in the government who will help, it will not have the oppressive person in the economy.
Therefore, government officials have a responsibility to prevent the promotion of economic industry in government organizations.
For example, when you understand that a disease happens in a farm, you will not show your blessings and blessings in your farm. For example, when you understand that a disease happens in a farm, you
The same is true of economic industry.
If in another government organization you have heard or heard a sign of economic creation - I speak to government officials.
The pandemic is one of the very dangerous diseases and therefore, it is necessary to pay attention to it very carefully.
One of the most important points is to develop a complete plan for the progress of the unity sector, which we mentioned in the Section 44 of the Islamic Revolution.
We need a clear policy in terms of unity.
According to one of his brothers, one of the brothers referred to this, said that it can be used with the banks and other brothers.
We should pay attention to the issue of the opportunity of investment in the country for investors.
That is to say, the investors should know where there is opportunity to invest in investment. Everybody should know where there is opportunity to invest in investment.
Those who have stories will use it.
Information should be accessible to everybody and everybody.
Of course everything should be explained in previous governments. Of course many governments have been presented in previous governments, but in the previous governments have been presented in the pa
It is necessary to make efforts in this arena.
There are some things that I wrote, but when the time of Prayer is coming, I will pass them.
I hope that the people who love our country, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic and the people who love our country, the Islamic Republic and the people who love our country and the Islamic R
The slogan that we presented last year, should be combined with the issue of efforts to strengthen the economy and the efforts to strengthen the economy and the efforts to strengthen the economy.
We hope everybody will make efforts.
The future of our country is a good future. The power and benefits of our country are many.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, determination and power in this country.
This country has many opportunities to call itself as the third country in the world.
Throughout our history, our cultural power, our national power and national devotions are all these factors that are mentioned in the history of our country.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic R
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise be due to Allah's grace and peace be upon our Lord and Prophet, Abul Kassim al-Mustafa Muhammad, and all peace and greetings be upon our Lord and Prophet, Abul Kassim al-Mustafa Muhammad,
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who has given me the opportunity to understand the position of this blessed place. Thankfully, I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who has given me the opportunity t
I would like to congratulate all the brothers and sisters who participated in this place and the beginning of the New Year.
This public meeting is an example of the Iranian nation. On this day, our honorable people from different parts of the country are met in this meeting. Our honorable people from different parts of th
There are also brothers and sisters from Mashhad.
I would like to congratulate all of you and I would like to congratulate all of you.
To all of us people of Iran and other Muslims of other countries who celebrate this festival is an opportunity to use in the future of the Islamic Revolution.
Islamic view is that we should benefit from all the opportunities that we have, and we should benefit from all the opportunities that we have, and we should benefit from all the opportunities that we
We should notice our great Islamic goals.
During these days, this opportunity is an opportunity that we should benefit from social media, listening to Allah the Exalted and hearing good statements from certain people.
The reality is that during the past few years, especially when the establishment of the Islamic Republic in Iran, the people of our country have used the Norouz festival to celebrate the festival of
What shows this is that if you take a look at the time of the New Year, you see that the majority of the people are meeting in prayers and sacrifices.
This means that the Iranian nation is trying to use this symbol and cultural festival as a religious use.
We should learn about this example in all issues, and we should use the Norouz example to increase our knowledge.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow success in this responsibility.
Today in this opportunity that Allah the Exalted offers, I will discuss three issues.
First point is about the events that were done in the year 1389. We saw that the Iranian nation and the officials of the Iranian nation were doing something that the Iranian nation and the officials
The second point is the events that are happening in this region: the events that are happening in this region, the events that are happening in North Africa and the events that are happening in the
For the first point, I would like to say that the name of 1389 - that is to say, the name of 1389 - that is to say, "The Year of Effort and Effort" - has been carefully carefully carefully carefully
Of course these great efforts will be recognized in the future. Of course these great efforts will be recognized in the future.
This can be seen in many areas.
Let us start from knowledge and technology.
In the beginning of the year 1389, I had the opportunity to visit one of the important industries of the country. In the end of the year 1389, I had the opportunity to visit one of the important indu
The progress of today in the arena of knowledge and technology in our country is more prominent than what is announced to the people.
Since recent years, this great scientific movement has begun in different areas, which is hopeful that every day the progress is made every day.
Another time I read a quote recently received a quote from a Muslim (s.w.a.) who said, "Knowledge is power." That is to say, "Knowledge is power." That is to say, "Knowledge is power."
Knowledge and technology have such characteristics.
Today the movement of our country in the arena of knowledge and technology in most areas, especially in innovative arenas.
In different areas - natural scientific science, natural scientific science, nanotechnology, nanotechnology, nanotechnology, nanotechnology, nanotechnology and different different areas - in differen
As I said yesterday in my Nurouz message today, different international organizations have shown that your country is ahead of the highest position in this arena.
There are two important issues in the issue of knowledge and technology which I should explain about.
First point is that most of the scientists who are working in this arena are young.
The years of these scientists - that is to say, mostly young people - who should be relyed on these young people - who should be relyed on these young people. You should be relyed on these young peop
The second point is that those who make these great achievements have a spiritual spirit. They have a spiritual spirit.
The main investment is the power of our country. This is what our country has.
Our youth are continuing this work with enthusiasm and they believe that all these progressive activities that are the foundations of the country and they believe that all these progressive activitie
The second point in the issue of knowledge progress is that knowledge, technology, production and production of knowledge - which is very important for the Islamic Ummah.
That is to say, knowledge is produced and transformed into a technology, transform it into a technology, transform it into a technology, transform it into a technology, transform it into a technology
This translates the path of knowledge towards national resources and towards the needs of the people.
Our dear people should know that all economists - including those whose economic viewpoints are correlated to their economic viewpoints - including those whose economic viewpoints are correlated to t
Involving in this arena is very difficult and the arenas of doing this is very difficult.
Thankfully, this project has been completely started.
And the unity between the government and the people is a good unity.
The movement of the people in this arena is a good movement. The movement of the people in this arena is a good movement.
The most important goal of this effort, first of all, is to divide the government’s responsibilities among the people in justice.
This is a great step that has been made in order to ensure social justice.
One other goal is to manage the country's resources, including water and energy.
Two years ago, we named the year "The Year of Reviving National Benefits" - economy, economy and oppression.
This is one of the ways that we can change the way that we use our country's benefits. This is one of the ways that we can change the way that we use our country's benefits.
Over the past few months, this programme has been implemented in the past few months in the past few months. This programme has been implemented in the past few months in the past few months.
This is to say, that there is a great divine blessing - which is a great blessing and divine blessing - which is a great blessing and divine blessing - which is a great blessing and divine blessing -
This is one of the benefits that have been achieved and by Allah's favor, this is one of the benefits that will benefit from the future.
One of the things that shows that efforts in the economy are increasing efforts in the arena of economic efforts is increasing the quality of non-oil products.
Unfortunately, our budget has been dependent on oil for many years.
This is what all economists are denying. This is what all economists are denying. This is what all economists are denying.
I have said for many years that one of my hopes is that one of my hopes is that one of my hopes is that we can make this country without selling money.
Of course it is not easy. It is a very easy job.
Increasing the quality of oil products that are non-oil products will be according to our goals.
In the year 1389, many great achievements were carried out in this arena.
One of the factors that ensure the efforts and efforts in the arena of economic activities is that the government has imposed sanctions in the arena of economic activities.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they have increased their sanctions on Iran.
In their calculations - which is coming to us - they said that the sanctions for five to six months will halt the Iranian nation's economy within five months and six months will halt the Iranian nati
They think that these sanctions will make the issues more difficult for the Iranian nation and make the issues more difficult for the Iranian nation.
The sanctions have been made in order to fight against these sanctions through which the enemies have reduced their power.
Enemies have managed to achieve their goals through these sanctions.
Today the people of western countries say that imposing sanctions against Iran is not useful.
One of the problems of our labor is this. We are oil producer, but we are exporting oil from foreign countries.
They say that this is the weakness of the Islamic Republic and we will not let us import oil.
Because of their sanctions, our officials made efforts and they made efforts. They made efforts and they made efforts.
This was what I heard from the hearts of these young youth during my visit to the international conference held in Esfand.
They told me that we wanted to develop this machine, they told us that you are under sanctions, they told us you are under sanctions, they told us that you are under sanctions. We realized that you a
Then we returned home, thought, thought, thought and tried to develop this machine without the use of foreign countries.
The government report said that in the year 1389, there were six million laborers in the year 1389. If this report is true, there were six million laborers in the year 1389, there were six million la
In the arena of production of local roads, in the arena of production of local roads, in the arena of production of local roads, in the arena of production of local roads, in the arena of production
This is the economy.
In other areas, many activities have been done in other areas, but when we have the same time we have the same time we have the same time we have the same time we have the same time we have the same
Thankfully, the year 1389 was the year of efforts and determination. Thankfully, this year was the year of efforts and efforts.
Of course the year 1389 does not have any characteristics. This year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year and this
The Iranian nation and all government officials should pay attention to their efforts in any position. The Iranian nation and all government officials should pay attention to the responsibility of th
However, according to scientists, the issue of economy is more important at this time.
If our great country manages to move in the arena of economy, this great movement will combine with what will be made in the future, this great movement will combine with what will be made in the fut
What is important in this regard is to achieve progress in this regard. What is important in this regard is to achieve progress in this regard.
The greatest impact will reflect our power in order to use our power in the right way.
Two years ago, in such a New Year's speech, I talked about the issue of corruption and the problems of the country's use.
People should understand these things.
I call the officials of the country to explain the necessity of strengthening the economic progress of the country. They should explain the importance of increasing the economic progress of the count
This determination is not what we want. Islam does not agree with this.
They should make efforts and determine their efforts to achieve the five years of development.
Reducing the number of unemployment and increasing unemployment in our country are one of the main factors.
Increasing investment in the investment of investors and the assistance of the investors to invest in the country’s economic sector as well as the assistance of the investors to invest in the count
It is necessary to establish laws.
This means supporting the progress of production.
The natural benefits of the country are essential, including water usage and use of resources. Today our resources include water and water. Today our resources include water. Today our resources are
Take a look at what will happen if the government manages to replace the water route, if the government manages to replace the water route, if the government manages to replace the water route, if th
In addition to agricultural activities - including farming, industry, industrial activities and other requirements that need resources - including farming, industry and other requirements that need r
In fact, the resources of water from without agricultural activities will be consumed in two areas, which is very important and important.
The intervention of the people in the economic issues is necessary.
If we want to make this great economic movement in our country in the year 1390, there are a few things that should be done.
I will provide a list of these necessaries.
First, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the beginning of the Revolution until today, our nation has progressed everywhere in the arena with a jihadist spirit. We have seen this since the beginning of the Revolution.
If we have a jihadi spirit in different areas, that is to say, we will have a jihadi spirit in different areas - that is to say, we will have a jihadi spirit in different areas - not just as a respon
Second, it is strengthening the factors that benefit from spirituality, faith and religious enthusiasm in the society.
Everybody should know this. Everybody should know that religious patience in the country and in the youth will help the world.
It is not possible to think that the effect of religious enthusiasm in the hearts of the youth will appear only during the prayers of Imam Khomeini or during the prayers of Imam Khomeini.
If the youth of a society become religious, they will lose fascination. They will lose fascination. They will lose fascination. They will lose fascination. They will lose fascination. They will lose
The same is true of the economy.
Religious capabilities play a very important role.
The second characteristic is that there are many essential elements in this country which should everybody know about. There are many essential elements in this country which should everybody know ab
This would look like a car comprising people traveling to a special place, just like a small thing that appears to something else.
Therefore, it should not be involved in the arena.
Another characteristic is to maintain unity and national understanding.
The unity between the people and the government officials - that is to say, they love their officials, they love their officials, they love their officials, they love their officials, they love their
One of the great threats of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to create international discord and discord. They are creating ethnic, religious, political, political and political issues.
It is proud that our nation is at the beginning.
All those who love their country and love religious democracy - which is proud for the Iranian nation - should pay attention to the understanding of the Iranian nation.
The government officials should try to see if there is a difference between them. They should try to see if there is a difference between them. They should try to see if there is a difference between
I would like to congratulate the government officials against this issue.
The most important issue of the world is to solve it by discussion. These small issues do not have any importance.
I would like to remember this issue. One time this was the name of Tehran and other cities of other cities. One time this was the name of Tehran and other cities of other cities.
This does not have any use.
Sometimes when spending lots of money, what is the necessity of this?
I hope that the people and the government officials should listen to this speech and try to make efforts to prove it.
There is no need to complete a lot of projects that would be spent so much.
Of course, paying attention to the issue of economy does not mean that we should change the other parts of the country.
In other areas, especially in the arena of scientific and technological arenas, it is necessary to assist these young youth in the arena of scientific and technological arenas.
However, the events that have happened in this region - that is to say, the events that have happened in this region - the events that have happened in this region - the events that have happened in
There is a great transformation in this region in the Islamic and Arab region. This is the symbol of the end of Islamic Awakening.
There are some characteristics that have been shown for many years in the Islamic Republic of Iran. There are some characteristics of the Islamic Republic. There are some characteristics that have be
These are two elements.
The presence of the people in the arena was the same that happened during the Islamic Revolution.
Organizations, parties and those who live on the streets and in great houses have managed to do everything.
Our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) had the ability to enter the arena.
Today the same is true of the Arab countries.
In Egypt or Tunisia, the people have always entered the arena. If this is true of Egypt or Tunisia, the people have always entered the arena.
They were the people who entered the arena and their views were religious.
That is to say, Friday prayers, the name of God, the name of God, the name of God, religious people, religious people in countries.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
Why did they go?
In Egypt, Tunisia, Tunisia and other countries, these enemies and honest leaders have spread their respect for the people.
For example, the Egyptians see that their leader, in order to fulfill the needs of the terrorist Israeli regime, does the most dangerous things.
If Hosni Mubarak did not collaborate with the Islamic Republic in the security of Gaza, Israel would not do such things.
However, Hosni Mubarak entered the arena, helped, closed the path of immigration and exit from Egypt.
When he received the news that the people of Gaza are moving outside the country and that the people of Gaza are moving outside the country and that they are moving outside the country, he establishe
This is what Hosni Mobarak did.
Similar things can be experienced in other countries.
For example, in Libya, although Gaddafi believed that during his early years of his administration, Gaddafi believed that western countries were destroyed by Western countries, but in the early years
The Libyans with their eyes see that from the threat of the threat, he collected all his nuclear experience and his nuclear experience. He collected all his nuclear experience and his nuclear experie
Take a look at the position of our nation and see the position of our nation.
However, the officials of our country not only do not look forward, but they also prepare their preparedness every year.
These things are seen in all countries in all these countries.
This is what is important for us.
After these events, they did not know the issue, they did not know the people and they did not know the people.
Of course what is currently seen from America against these countries and other countries is the support of the American leaders. They have been supported by false leaders. They have been supported b
This is a lesson for leaders who believe on America to understand that when the use of America is not benefiting for them, they will understand that when the use of America is not benefiting for them
What happened to Western countries and America is unacceptable.
Egypt is one of the foundations of the US western policy. They rely on this policy.
But they have tried to maintain this structure to continue its use.
If the people are at the beginning, they can remove this plot and destroy their movements.
The Americans have tried to say since they lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunisia, they should try to protect their government system.
By Allah's favor, America will continue its defeat in this region.
After losing their people in these countries, they made two things that they wanted to do in the front of them: the first is waiting and the other is waiting.
They were victorious in this effort.
Second, the same is the same thing. The same is the same thing that happened in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya in other countries.
The original criticism is that they are doing, that is to say, defending the rights of the people.
Our dear people understand that the President of the US has made a message to the Iranian nation saying, "We are your supporters!"
They do not only believe on other nations, but their nations do not believe on other nations.
The current president of the US has used millions of people in the economic situation that America is suffering from.
It invites the people to restore companies, banks, and banks. They do not pay attention to their nations.
Today the American nation is suffering from economic problems and they do not have any opportunities.
In addition to prison centers such as Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib in Iraq and other places that are killing people in different places.
People do not know these things and they do not know them.
Does the new US President know what he said?
Does he really know the people above the arena who are transforming his policy, or he does not know the people who are transforming his policy?
He said that the people who live in Tehran are the people who live in the stage of Independence (freedom) of Tehran are the people who live in the stage of Independence (freedom) of Egypt.
He said that on the 22nd of Bahman every year, on the 22nd of Bahman every year, those who are meeting in the freedom of freedom on the 22nd of Bahman every year, their slogans are: "Allah the Exalte
Regarding the events that are happening in this region, the position of the Islamic Republic is clear.
Our position is supporting nations and their rights.
This is the position of the Islamic Republic. This is the position of the Islamic Republic.
Our policy is this. Our hearts are these things. Our hearts are these things, our hearts are these things, our thoughts and our government officials.
There are two places that should be payed attention to here: the first is Libya and the other is Bahrain.
In Libya, we are almost praised by the Libyan government, the killings of the people and the killings of the people, the killings of the people and the killings of the people and the killings of the
They argue that we entered Libya to defend the people or to make military attacks, this is not accurate.
If they were really supporters of the Libyan nation, if they were really supporters of the Libyan nation, if their hearts are sincere for the situation of the Libyan people, they will not be supporte
If you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to he
Instead of this, you have stayed sitting and looking at how the people are killed and now you will enter. You do not for the sake of the people. You do not for the sake of the people. You do not for
You want to establish a place where your capacities can be used to protect the future Revolutionary governments in Egypt and Tunisia.
Your goal is hope.
The United Nations should be a service for nations. The United Nations should be a service for nations. The United Nations should be a service for these people. The United Nations should be a service
This is a danger for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreign armed forces and the presence of foreign armed forces is not acceptable.
If you want to help the Libyan nation, your assistance will be opened. Your assistance will be opened. Your assistance will be opened. You can help the people, the people and the people of the countr
The main need is to hold elections, each person should have one vote. Is this a great need?
What is this great hope? Is this great hope? Of course the people do not have the right to vote in Bahrain, but they do not have the right to vote in the known meaning, they do not have the right to
The western countries used this opportunity to introduce the issues of the region through presenting an innovative idea.
Because the people of Bahrain are sincerely Shia and nobody has the right to support them.
The broadcasters that have broadcasted the issues in this region, but they did not speak about the issue of Bahrain. They did not speak about the issue of Bahrain. They did not speak about the issue
And some people from the East Asian countries - both politicians and journalists - come to come and say that the issue of Bahrain is a great issue. They said that the issue of Bahrain is a great issu
The disappointment of a nation is like the events that happened in Tunisia, Egypt, and the events that happened in Egypt and the events that happened in Egypt and the events that happened in Egypt an
The Americans are happy that they managed to call this issue as a discord between Shia and Sunni through their media and propaganda methods.
They say that the people of Iran support the people of Bahrain.
We have supported all of them.
We have been supporting the Palestinian nation for three years. We have been supporting the Palestinian nation for three years.
Were the people of Palestine Shia?
Our youth took the airport to give them the opportunity to travel to Gaza!
They are prepared to go to Gaza and fight Israel.
We said they should not go.
Our people showed their support to Gaza, Palestine, Egypt, Tunisia and the people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt, and Tunisia. They are not Shia.
Therefore, this is not an issue of Shia or Sunni.
The criticists are trying to describe the issue of Bahrain as Shia and Sunni.
The most important is that some people who are thought they have no goals and they have no goals and they have no goals and they have no goals and they have no goals and they have no goals.
If there is a blessing in this issue, I would like to tell them that this is not Shia and Sunni. This is a great service for America. This is a great service for America. This is a great service for
There is no difference between Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Masar, Bahrain, Yemen.
Any political and social movement should support it.
America's great anger is that they did not see the imposition of Bahrain and Saudi tanks as an international support in their domestic affairs. But they did not see the imposition of Bahrain and Saud
Is this interest in domestic matters is a country?
The calls of a government, an oppressive system that we have said that you should not kill your people, this is a resistance, but the implementation of foreign war troops from foreign countries into
The Americans have a distance of hundreds of kilometers from this region.
Anyone who does such things makes a mistake.
What I will say is that by Allah's favor, a new movement has begun in the region.
As Allah promised, this movement will succeed.
The Iranian nation is self-sacrificed and they are proud that they were the founder of this movement.
The youth who came do not see this Revolution. But if they did not see this Revolution, they would not see this Revolution.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings and blessings on this dear nation.
You continue to serve the servants for this nation, this movement, the Islamic movement and the Islamic movement.
Dear God, make the heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
Dear God, by the blessing of Muhammad and his household, make the souls of the martyrs and our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) accept us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic R
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise and greetings be upon Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Lord and Prophet Abul Kassim Mohammad and his immaculate household. Peace and greetings be upon our
I would like to welcome the dear brothers and sisters of our country welcome. I hope Allah the Exalted will make this successful year for you. I hope Allah the Exalted will make this successful year
We are thankful to Allah the Exalted that He gave us the opportunity to join and prepare this interesting conference on discussions and discussions.
I would like to divide my statements into two levels: the first level of remembrance is a remembrance which I am most needed in my first level of remembrance. The first level of remembrance is a reme
By Allah's favor, I will take a look at the issues that are happening in our country and the issues that are happening in our country and the issues that are happening in our country and the issues t
The late Hajj Mirza Jawad Agha Maliki Tabrizi - a prominent divine scholar and philosopher - said in his book, ‘Al-Murakabat’, said that the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Islamic Republic of I
He said that sun is not a reward but a reward that requires reward for it. That is to say, sun is a reward that requires reward for it. That is to say, sun is a reward that requires reward for it.
As he said, one of the most important characteristics of these characteristics is that what is more important than all other characteristics is that what is more important than all other characterist
This thought is one of the types of things that reveals the truth, spirit and heart of a person who expresses truth and truth.
The years are the main income of a person.
All the sacrifices are achieved through this life - which is the days of life - and this is the sacrifice that can be made for the future and the future of life. This is a sacrifice that can be made
Therefore, we should think about this life and how years have passed.
We should feel how times of our life and days are moving.
We have continued to carefully consider how life goes. Life is like a cancer that flows in the sun."
This investment is going towards us and this investment is all in our responsibility for us. This investment is all in our responsibility for us and this investment is all in our responsibility.
What do we use it, where do we use it and why do we use it?
Thinking about divine death, moving from this world and meeting the spirit of death is a time that will come to everybody.
What will our hearts will be at that time? What will our hearts will be at that time?
Another area that I think is this prayer.
The prayers that have been prayed by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) are amazing. In the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said that the prayers that have been prayed by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) were
These prayers are very important.
It is a reminder for those who have not heard and a reminder for those who have not heard: the 13th prayer in the Sahifat al-Sajjad, the prayer that was prayed in the Sahifat al-Sajjad, the prayer th
At the beginning of this prayer says, "Dear God, bestow my sacrifice on Muhammad and his household, bestow my sacrifice on the sacrifices of the sacrifices of the sacrifices of the sacrifices of the
What does you mean that you make me blessed with the blessedness of the faithful people and fearful people?
Dear God, paint me the clothes of the fearful fearful people in certain things: the first is, "in promoting (promoting) and justice". We should have the opportunity to promote justice in the world.
The fear that is expected from ourselves is one of the foundations of this fear.
Sometimes when a person becomes a person who has no responsibility to the public responsibility, your feelings will affect another brother.
When you feel angry against someone or a group of organizations and say something, the effect of your feelings and the effect of someone who has no responsibility to someone who has no responsibility
We should not do something with fear.
Dear God, sacrifice our hearts and destruction in our events...(4)"
Destroying the light of contamination.
Everybody should make efforts to kill this flame.
Brothers, government officials, government officials, government officials, government officials, government officials, government officials, government officials, government officials, government of
Sometimes a speech will not only kill the wave, but it will increase its power and increase its power.
Those who are in the middle of the road should try to get them to the right place. We should not let our work, our nature, our nature and our work. We should not let our work, our nature and our work
We should not divide those who have different relations with this system.
If there is a difference between the people, we should try to safeguard them.
When an official does a good job, try to explain this.
We have spoken many times about this issue.
This is one part of this prayer. There are about three issues, but now I will speak about six issues.
We hope Allah the Exalted will bless us with believers.
These are parts of the fear of God.
This is the first point that I want to speak about.
The second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second second.
The report that the Honorable President presented is an important report. There are some important issues in this report. There are some important issues in this report. There are some important issu
I will take a look at another point of the condition of the country, which is very important for us.
Why is it important?
First, understanding the situation of the country and where we should go and where we should go and where we should go and where we should go and where we should go and where we should go and where w
First of all, the conditions of this region are unprecedented.
The greatness of Islamic Awakening and the great events that are happening in this region have never been seen since the beginning of the Revolution.
When the Egyptian nation made a great movement, the Egyptian nation made such a great movement, the Egyptian nation made a great movement.
We have been in such a situation which has created a dramatic situation for the Islamic Republic.
The economic problems that have been faced by the powerful governments of the western governments is very great. And the economic problems that have been faced by the powerful governments of the west
The western opinions that you hear about the economic problems that America and other Western countries have faced with and the problems of the economic problems that America and other Western countr
Intellectual organizations, political and political organizations in the global countries — often media and media.
If at the end of my speech, I will discuss this issue until the end of my speech, I will discuss this issue until the end of my speech.
One other point is the prevalence of terrorism and terrorism in Western countries, especially in Europe, especially in Europe.
He later attacked two Muslim countries.
There are some things that they want to do, but Allah the Exalted did not give them the opportunity to suffer.
These are very important.
The event that happened in Norway should not just be considered as an easy issue.
We should take a look at our situation and see what we are.
If we do not look at this opportunity, and if we do not look at it in the right way and if we do not look at it in the right way, if we do not look at it in the right way and if we do not look at it
Sometimes rejecting an opportunity is a threat and a threat.
Therefore, it is no problem if we take a look at the events that are happening in the country with this view.
However, we should not make a look at the reality. We should not make a look at the reality. We should not make a look at the reality. We should not make a look at the reality.
The same is true of media and other media.
When a person says why you are saying this, they will say you do not let us speak the realities.
We want to say that this is a hate speech. We want to say that this is a hate speech. We want to say that this is a hate speech.
I look at about eight to eight newspapers each day.
Some of these newspapers every day publish stories which every one of them enters the heart of a disabled person.
We do not accuse somebody, but it is a real issue.
The same is true of this.
It is necessary to look at the best position of power and the best position of power.
It is necessary to do what the government can do and what the government can do is.
Therefore, if we want to understand the reality of the country, if we want to understand the reality of the country, we should remove the weakness and power.
Today I will give a clear explanation on this issue, but it is necessary to be done in this regard.
These good decisions will show us the opportunity and opportunity that we have in this country.
These areas of weakness show us what we should do and what we should do.
When we put these things in collaboration with each other, it brings us to understand what we should do.
I would like to write five to six things that have been made during the years of the Islamic Republic during the years.
The first point of this system is the victory and the power of this system. The first point of this system is the victory against different threats against different threats against different threats
Over the past thirty thirty years, we have faced different threats - political threats, security threats and economic threats - the main threat of these threats is that the main threat of these threa
Of course they wanted to establish this government, but it was not easy for them. They wanted to stop the foreign system, they wanted to stop the country above.
This system wins against all these threats.
Some of these things are established by foreign countries, like the issue of sanctions.
The country has been imposed sanctions for many years, but in recent years they have imposed sanctions in the past few years and they have said that the sanctions were difficult. They have said that
Sometimes through the United Nations - which is the opportunity in the United Nations - and sometimes through the United Nations - through the United Nations - through the United Nations - through th
These are the issues that are related to foreign countries.
There are also certain threats that have occurred in domestic events. Although the enemies have used these threats, the enemies have used these threats, for example, the enemies have used these threa
In my opinion, this is one of the powers we have.
We should pay attention to this issue when analyzing the power of the system.
This system is just the same, without international support and without international support and without international support and without international support and without international support and
In my opinion, this is the first part of the system.
Second, it is faith between the people and the government.