The Leader of the Islamic Revolution (Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution) announced that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolu
Here is a translation of the message:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
The southern African region especially Somalia, especially Somalia, has faced the most disastrous disasters due to the attacks that have been experienced in the past few years.
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that due to the especial support of the people who are suffering from the war in the country, the people who are suffering from the war in the cou
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution stressed that it is necessary to pray the prayers of the Islamic Republic and that it is necessary to pray the prayers of the Islamic Republic
The following is the full text of this message:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Humanity is in the behavior of Allah the Exalted, the Messenger of all things and the Messenger of all things and the Messenger of all things and the Messenger of all things and the Messenger of all
Through the prayers of prayers, the religions of the Islamic Religions through the prayers of prayers through the prayers of the Islamic Religions through the prayers of the Islamic Religion.
The blessings of praying daily and night are a blessing that protects human beings from the path of sacrifice. It protects human beings from the path of sacrifice. It protects human beings from the p
When prayers, praying and praying combine the social system of life, Islam can be reflected in its religious regulations.
The mosque is a symbol of this unity.
Praying in prayers and in faithful is like praying in the parade of God's blessings, and it also increases the blessings of God's blessings.
Because of prayers, the atmosphere of the prayers increases the importance of religious and political characteristics and the issues of political characteristics and political characteristics of the
This is why we should look at the prophets.
The prophetic spirit increases the foundations of life.
Wherever there is life, the massacres are the foundation of this.
The masjid should be the foundation of buildings in cities, villages, universities, universities, and public events - from schools and labor centers to labor centers.
It is necessary to be clean, healthy and careful.
It is necessary that the leadership of the prayers of the prayers should be responsible for the prayers of the prayers of the prayers of the prayers of the prayers of the prayers of the prayers of th
If the mosque is in the right condition, many religious and religious responsibilities of the people and officials will be reduced.
I hope that this day and our prayers to the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) will be sacrificed for us.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with the Prime Minister of the Islamic Revolution Sa'ad Hariri on November 29, 2010 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolut
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the meetings between the two countries and the agreements between the two countries.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the presence of the Lebanonian nation and the Islamic Republic and stressed that the Islamic Republic is continuing to defeat the Lebanonian nation an
But what is only a source of resistance for the terrorist Israelian nation is resistance.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to Lebanon as the only Arab country that can victory against Israel and added: "Revolution is the only thing that we can do."
Therefore, it is necessary to understand the greatness of it.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "Until Israel continues, Lebanon needs a movement forward."
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the relationship between Sa'ad Hariri and Sayyid Hassan Nasrullah (President of the Islamic Revolution) have been related to the relationship between Sa'ad Hariri and Say
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution stressed that the Islamic Republic of Iran is supporting unity and freedom of Lebanon and stressed: "The Islamic Republic of Iran is supporting unity and freedom
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the meeting with Rafik Hariri, former Prime Minister of Lebanon, and referred to the meeting with the former Prime Minister of Lebanon.
The Prime Minister of Lebanon Sa'ad Hariri, the Prime Minister of the Islamic Republic of Lebanon, said that the Islamic Republic of Lebanon has been appointed by the President of the Islamic Republi
The Prime Minister added: "The Labanon government hopes that the relationships between the two countries will be strengthened in all areas, including political and economic areas, including political
Sa'ad Hariri reiterated that the Labanon government is an united government, adding that any discrimination between the Labanonian nation will not be resolved.
Interview with Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Union on the meaning of the hajj message by Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
After long suspension and transfer of Iranian prayers to Saudi Arabia, following the negotiations between the two countries’ officials, the negotiations between the two countries have already been
Ayatollah Taskhiri is part of the Iranian delegation in this negotiation with Saudi Arabia.
Each year during the hajj, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution made a message to the hajjers which includes important issues related to the Islamic Ummah.
What is the philosophy of this message?
To answer this question, first of all, it is necessary to explain certain issues.
First of all, hajj, which is one of the practices of Islamic religious practices, has several goals.
The most important goal of the hajj, as we said in the Holy Quran, is the relationship between the Islamic Ummah and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) work.
The Holy Quran describes each of these times, saying: "And whenever, and whenever,” the Holy Quran describes each of these times, saying: “And whenever,” the Holy Quran describes each of these
“I am the Leader of Your Leadership for the people.”
“And with my heart,” he said.
The second goal which is based on this path is to establish humanity, transform humanity to its original system and transform humanity to its original system.
These things show the unity of the people and the unity of the Islamic Ummah.
In all these messages that the former Imam (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (by Allah's grace) were made by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (by Allah's grace) and the Leader of th
However, regarding the philosophy of this message – which is what I asked you – and why the Islamic Republic and its leaders are asking the people of the world and why the Islamic Republic and it
The confirmation of the hajj means that the confirmation of the people’s movement.
He said in the narration, “Hajj is the Islamic star.” What means Islamic star?
During the war, when the door is open, this means that the Armed Forces are present and they are continuing the war.
Therefore, returning to the spirit of hajj and returning to the spirit of hajj is one of the goals of the Islamic Republic for promoting Islamic Revolution.
Therefore, in the messages published by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the messages published by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in the messages published by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and t
But from all signs, the issue of hajj has not been given the importance to promote it. Of course, we cannot understand the importance of the issue of hajj. Of course, we cannot understand the importa
There are media of organizations, organizations and other media that are doing their activities, but they do not do their activities according to their position and position.
All media, all cultural officials, all cultural officials, all cultural officials, all cultural officials, all cultural officials, all cultural officials, all cultural officials, all cultural officia
We should make more efforts in this arena.
No, this is not such a condition. The Prophet of Saudi is only introducing a message.
“Since when this message was made to the people first?
However, after the conflict – which was the reason why Iranians had not been able to go to hajj – an agreement was achieved after negotiations with the Iranian government and the Islamic Republic
The two parties agreed that from that time until that time, no conference would have been held in Makka, but on the 13th of Arafa – that is to say, the 13th of Arafa – would have been held in Mak
No, the agreement of the Dua Kumail was achieved in one place. It was another agreement after all discussions and conflicts.
We hope that the hajj message will be issued to Muslim nations.
What has this message influenced on the Islamic Revolution?
First of all, many prayers from different countries are coming.
Second, this message is translated into different texts and may be translated into different translations during the hajj during the hajj.
It is also promoted in different languages on our media to influence Muslim nations. On the other hand, it is promoted in different languages on the Islamic Ummah.
One day this message was published in one of the Inglese newspapers, all Zionist Zionists across the world took a look at the newspaper and they said that the Zionist Zionists in the world were surpr
“When was this happening?
The Zionist Zionists are trying to prevent this message.
The Saudi government not only helped this message, but sometimes it had blocked the message. Sometimes it had blocked the message.
Of course such attacks have been reduced in recent years. But they are trying to find the end of this message.
Sometimes we try to publish the message in foreign newspapers, but it is not published.
Many newspapers do not accept or give permission to the publication.
In Europe, especially in Europe.
As I said, they did not let, but as I said, we also show failure.
What was this message?
The prayers are the representatives of all Muslim ummah.
The station is really a representative of the Islamic Ummah. That is to say, the station is the representative of the Islamic Ummah with the intention of seeking contact with God.
It is necessary to care for his eyes.
He maintained his language.
The prohibited things of ihram are educating prayers.
I have learnt the messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution over the past years and I would like to tell you the messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
If you look at the messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, you see that the first thing that is mentioned in this message is the role of hajj in the Islamic Republic.
This is what the Leader wants during hajj.
As an example, the hajj can play an important role in solving the problems of the Islamic Ummah.
The first point of the role of hajj is to reiterate that hajj is an Islamic statement.
In one of his messages, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated that hajj is the symbol of the political movement of the Islamic Republic.
If we consider the foundations of hajj, one of the foundations of hajj is one of the foundations of the Holy Quran.
That is to say, all societies are responsible for the judiciary and preparedness of God and responding to it.
The first thing that is mentioned in this message is “the role of hajj in the history of the Islamic Ummah”.
The second point is the role of hajj in the education of public and individual beliefs.
This is also in all messages.
From the beginning of the message to the end of the message will be mentioned since the end of the message.
The second point of this message is ‘showing the greatness of Islam and its message’.
Also, referring to the ways that Islam has been able to resolve the problems of humanity.
The first point is to refer to the issue of unity which, especially in the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, is the most important point in the message of the Leader of the Islamic Rev
In this message, it is efforted to strengthen Islamic Revolution and promote it.
This unity is also mentioned as a collaboration: for example, the path and the path that is designed, the path that is designed, the path that is designed, the path that is designed, the path that is
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution stressed that the Holy Prophet’s (s.w.a.) symbol is the symbol of faith and that the Holy Prophet’s (s.w.a.) symbol is the symbol of faith and that the Holy P
In these messages, the Islamic Ummah describes the great power of the Islamic Ummah, including physical, spiritual, cultural and cultural powers.
One of the issues that are in these messages is to express the determination of the movements of the global powers against the global powers.
In all these messages, it was referred to the disinformation of the global powers to destroy the Islamic Ummah and the reasons for the reasons that they are making.
Their actions and important issues that are taking place in Muslim countries, including the issues that the enemies have made to defeat them and the efforts that the enemies have made.
All these threats that happened after the 11th of September attacks, the Leader explains.
By the blessings of the Islamic Revolution and the Revolution, the Islamic Revolution made the opportunity to destroy Muslim countries. By the blessings of the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolut
Therefore, in His messages, the world is described as the enemies of human rights, human rights and terrorists.
The last point is to present the Islamic Republic as the lesson that makes the Islamic Republic successful in fighting against the enemies of the world.
What is the impact of these things on other countries?
Does he have a position among scientists and politicians of Islamic and Arab countries?
During every trip and international events – each year we travel to about half countries each year – we meet people and groups of people and organizations.
That is to say, despite the difficulties we have in transmitting this message, this message has a great impact on our society.
The issue of diplomacy is one of the most important issues in the world. The issue of diplomacy is one of the most important issues in the world.
Is the hajj message of the Islamic Republic one of the most important points of the Islamic Republic?
Of course, one of the best ways to express the message of the Revolution is the message of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to the holy people.
One of the methods of strengthening the hajj conference and responding to the efforts that are made to strengthen the position of hajj and its role in the country.
The failure is that some of the prayers come from different places but they do not understand the message of the hajj.
We have a narration that says: "The shade of hajj will continue with prayers if he does not make sacrifices." That is to say, prayers will continue with prayers if he does not make sacrifices.
We hope that the prayers will make efforts to preserve this image of hajj and to preserve the message of hajj so that hajj can play an important role in the world of Islam.
Leader’s Speech to Shia and Sunni Scholars in Kermanshah - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered in Kermanshah on the first day of his visit to Kermanshah.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise be upon Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
Those who feel the prophets of God and fear Him and do not fear Him. And Allah will be the Merciful." [The Holy Quran, 33: 39]
One of the great meetings for me was the meeting with the honorable teachers who are working in different areas of the country and who are working in different areas of the country.
Thankfully today the dear brothers and sisters of the Sunni and Shia province of Sunni and Shia province all participated in this meeting. Thankfully today the dear brothers and sisters of the Islami
There are some points that I would like to mention, but before I mention the points that I have, I would like to mention the points that I have, I would like to mention the points that I have.
I have met him in his house in Kermanshah many times. We stayed with him and discussed between us.
We have also joined him in other events. We have also joined him in other events. We have also joined him in other events. We have also joined him in other events. We have also joined him in other ev
The meeting was held under the water (the Iraqi Armed Forces during the war), which we also participated at the event.
These are among his characteristics. He is a very good person.
Allah the Exalted gave him blessings. At the end of a long life, Allah the Exalted blessed him with a martyrdom.
I have said many times that martyrdom is a business death.
There will be a time when life comes to the end of life." [The Holy Quran, 3: 185]
We are looking for this opportunity. We are looking for this opportunity. We are looking for this opportunity. We are looking for this opportunity.
Allah the Exalted sells life from believers, and Allah the Exalted sells life. This is a great benefit.
In this province, our former Hajj Agha Baha'uddeen Mohammadi Araki was one of those who had the opportunity to martyr.
Agha Hajj Baha is one of our students of the former Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and one of our friends in Kum.
Allah bestows blessings on these two martyrs.
I would like to remember the great intellectual and insightful teacher of the former Hajj Agha Mujtaba Hajj Akhund, who was one of the great intellectuals of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Allah bestows his blessings.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, I traveled to Kermanshah and saw his activities.
After the death of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), he sent me one of his works.
I would like to write him the hadith that says: "Whoever is a leader of the nation, he should begin reading the Holy Quran before reading the Holy Quran before reading the Holy Quran before reading t
He wrote this in a good writing and I placed it in a good way.
This is the problem with our work.
Dear youth, dear students and students, if we want to be like a fure that makes closeness in the arena, if you want to be like a fure that makes closeness in the arena, if you want to be like a fure
Teachers are only fearing from God's servants. [The Holy Quran, 35: 28] Teachers are only fearing from God's servants. [The Holy Quran, 35: 28] Teachers are only fearing from God's servants.
Of course teachers have certain characteristics, but they were chosen for fear.
The characteristic of knowledge is that one achieves this great blessing, that is to show God's feelings in his heart.
Therefore, it is necessary to achieve this characteristic. You youth can make this characteristic. You youth can make this characteristic. You youth can make this characteristic.
This life will be protected. Some will achieve sanitation and some will not achieve sanitation.
You should know that the difference between eight, thirty, thirty years and more - that is to say, the difference between eight, thirty years and more - is the difference between eight and eight year
When a person is at the age of 13, he thinks that there is a time before the time before the time before the time before the time before the time before the time before the time before the time befor
I say, they will come very quickly. If they are planned for a short time, they will have the opportunity to do something. If they are planned for a short time, they will have the opportunity to do so
Therefore, I would like to call dear students to you and yourselves in order to achieve relationship with God and make efforts to achieve relationship with God.
If there is knowledge but without faith, this knowledge can be useful and sometimes dangerous.
We have a religious teacher - who has religious knowledge and non-religious knowledge - who not only used the knowledge but became a disaster for him.
This spirit of sacrificing human beings is necessary for knowledge and teachers.
The city of Kermanshah is a very important city.
As Mr Ulama said a few years ago, Kermanshah has had great teachers - like the families of Al Agha, the families of Jalili and many other families of the country.
Another point in this section is that as the people of Kermanshah are honorable and respectful people, as the people of Kermanshah are honorable and respectful people, as the people of Kermanshah are
Mr Muhammad Ali - the son of Wahid Bahbahani, who was one of the great students of his father - got to Kermanshah and was one of the greatest students of his father.
Although he did not mean life, he was one of the families of Al Agha.
He and some of his children were one of the teachers.
This is another example.
Another example is Agha Sayyid Hussein Ha'iri, who was martyred at the end of his life.
I can remember a few things about him.
He was a brother of the former Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfahani and a student of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi who was a student of Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfahani and a student of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi who
He was working in Isfahan.
He was the commander of knowing God and listening.
He was also one of those who were educated by Akhund Mulla Fatali Sultan Abadi who was at that time in Samarra.
Another teacher is the former Sardar Kabuli, a renowned scholar of different areas.
This book which was written about it is a good book. I have seen this book many years ago.
He spent six years in Kermanshah. He was also used by great teachers.
I have read in this book that the former Hajj Agha Hussein Kummi (by Allah's grace) during his trip to the immaculate places and in his trip to the immaculate places or in his trip to the immaculate
The author of the book said that I have read the book for two years. I have read the book for two years. I have read the book for two years. I have read the book for two years.
This is the lesson. That is to say, learning when one is learning when one is learning when one is learning when one is learning when one is learning when one is learning when one is learning when on
This is not just a difficult thing for a good teacher but it is also a great thing for a good teacher.
We should learn such things. We should learn such things.
This person was a great person in Kabul, and he was transferred to Nigeria, and he was transferred to Kermanshah.
The former Sardar Kabuli was sixteen years old in Kermanshah.
The former Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani was one of the former teachers who moved to this city.
This city shows that the hearts of the people love religious teachers. They love religious teachers.
When they find a person and understand his characteristics, they will appreciate him so that he is not in their country.
The former Ashrafi is of Isfahan, but he feels like Kermanshah.
These things that I said are an example.
I would like to mention some issues.
Dear teachers, young students and great future!
First, the opportunity to deliver Islamic messages in the world - both in Muslim and non-Islamic countries - is the opportunity to deliver Islamic messages in the world.
Therefore, the responsibility will increase.
Today you are in such a situation.
You should not feel fear. "They are fearing Him, and they are not fearing everyone before God".
You should not feel familiar with everything. You should not feel familiar with the difficulties.
You should not say that there are difficulties because there are difficulties. But do not feel fear of these difficulties.
You should do something that is thought you cannot do.
Is this not happening in Iran?
In Iran, there has been something that if all the journalists of the world will spend their time for a few days and night, there will not be any result.
Anybody expert will say that this is not possible. But it is possible.
I would like to tell you that even some of our revolutionaries say that it will not be possible.
The former Ayatollah Taliqani told me that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that Shah would not go.
He does not believe that Shah cannot be released.
He later told me this.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that Shah would be demolished, but he was demolished.
Not only was Shah left by America, America and Western countries.
Nobody believes in this, but it has happened.
Nobody will feel that the great Revolution in Muslim countries will happen in Egypt. Egypt, which has signed the Camp Dabid Agreement, which has signed the Camp Dabid Agreement, which has signed the
It may happen in another place, but the Revolution happened in Egypt. But the Revolution happened in Egypt.
These are one of the things that we should have in our hearts.
We should pay attention to achievements that are expected to be achieved in order to ensure their capability.
You should prepare the desire to get the right product so that you have the opportunity to make more. "And they should not fear anybody before Allah".
The response to this is that "And Allah will be the Consultant". They should not forget Allah, Allah is consultant.
And Allah will be the Merciful.
This is our path.
We are making messages with ourselves - as teachers and as teachers - and we are making messages with ourselves - and we are making messages with ourselves and we are making messages with ourselves.
And Allah the Exalted said, "Just like the enemies of the holy prophets, the holy prophets of the holy prophets, the holy prophets of the holy prophets, the holy prophets of the holy prophets and the
As You want, they should not do what they are doing, they should not do what they are doing." [The Holy Quran, 6: 112]
Therefore, if we decide that we and you will receive the message of God, we should be prepared to face divine enemies and people.
They will attack us, so we should be prepared.
In the spiritual arena, we should create a strong force for ourselves - which is the force of faith and cooperation - so that we should not achieve victory on us.
These are the results of the disinformation of the person and the disinformation of the person.
The religious behavior of a person is the religious behavior of a person.
If you do not suffer in your heart, nobody will make a victory over you.
The strength that you should provide for your heart is the strength of faith in God and responsibility in God. "Therefore, blessedness is the strength of faith in God." [The Holy Quran, 3: 122]
These are all lessons for us.
We should read the Holy Quran with all thoughts. We should read the Holy Quran with all thoughts.
Today the shadow that comes to you today through internet, human radio and other digital media has a lot of present statements.
Now oil is killed in some places. I have a story about this.
These are not financial reports. In certain Muslim countries, some Muslim countries are spending many money to organize a Sunni conference for a Sunni conference.
In this regard, they give a Shia prayer money for a Shia prayer to appear in a television under the name of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) name and accuse the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w
These are the paths.
Because creating discord is a great blessing for them.
I would like to tell you that your province is a province where Shia and Sunni live together.
It is necessary for Shia and Sunni teachers to organize conferences between Shia and Sunni teachers to organize conferences between them.
We have a lot of work that we have done.
You can follow your views, but make your national activities.
If they want to conduct research, they should do, if they do not.
I believe in different discussions. If they want to discuss knowledge and scientific discussions between teachers and scholars, there is no problem in this regard.
But despite these things, there are certain diseases that have been treated in them. There is a disease that has been treated with national treatment.
The Shia teacher is speaking among his people and Sunni teacher is speaking among his people.
Today there are certain people whose weapons are the weapons of kafir and they do not want to name themselves as Muslims.
This should be removed from the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, the work which we spoke ourselves includes all these things.
Another responsibility is the responsibility of education.
I have heard that there are students of Kermanshah students who are studying in Kum - which of course their brothers know - to come here, or if they do not want to return to the country if they do no
Therefore, the issue of knowledge is very important.
Of course, in terms of knowledge, there is a very important issue.
Another student comes to my course and after some time he did not come and I had not seen him at the course.
After some time I saw him, I asked him where are you? He said I am in one of the nearest cities of Khorasan province - one of the nearest cities in the province of Khorasan province.
This is the understanding of who is speaking.
Today you should look at the youth who have studied.
In your city of Kermanshah, there are very many students who have studied in Kermanshah.
This was not the case before.
Before the victory of the Revolution, before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, universities may not be more than five years.
But currently the people who have these things have taken three times and maybe three times.
They are faced with propaganda and different statements, there are different questions.
You should understand the questions, prepare their answers and answer their questions.
You should choose those who will speak with them, understand their ideas, find the right answers from the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran
Mr Mamduhi said that the books of the former Ayatollah Mutahari, the books of Mizan, the books of Mizan and the books of Mizan have come together and they have come together.
You were in Kum.
It is necessary to do these things.
Think about education just like you think about education.
You should preserve the hearts of those who speak with you and educate them.
As I said, "Anybody who is a leader of the nation, he should begin learning himself before learning himself" is very important.
It is necessary to do this difficult task.
Teachers should pay attention to social issues. Teachers should pay attention to social issues. They should pay attention to social issues. They should pay attention to social issues. But they should
The characteristics of teachers are that through teaching, insight, information, and instruction, they are the characteristics of the people who speak with them.
Sallah is everything.
A person whose relationships have been closed if he can maintain his relationship with prayer, it will be killed.
Sallah is an important point.
You should strengthen the people who speak with prayers and provide them ways to attend party prayers.
I do not know if it has been held in Kermanshah or not. I do not know if it has been held in Kermanshah or not. I do not know if it has been held in Kermanshah.
Shia and Sunni prayers should not harm their brothers.
You should come together with yourselves, you should come together with yourselves.
There are some things that can be done in collaboration.
If this happens, the teachers will continue.
I would like to tell you that when the Revolution was victory in Iran, Islam had a new spirit and power in the world.
Was this a very powerful enemy that caused such a great event that caused Western countries?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the greatness of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) attacked Western countries.
They got to the Holy Quran and found some information about Islam.
At that time, the enemies tried to destroy Islam and this continued. The second point was when the Marxist regime disappeared. The second point was when the Marxist regime disappeared.
Even in Muslim countries, there have been many Muslim youth who have all their hopes for the Marxist regime. They believe that the Marxist regime will have all their hopes for the Marxist regime.
Some of them are true. I have seen some of them - both Muslims or non-Muslims - they are true. I have seen some of them are true. I have seen some of them are true. I have seen some of them are true.
They became revolutionaries because they believe that there is a hope of revolutionary hope for the people.
But when the revolution suffers, they see that it is not the case. They see that it is not the case.
They found the path of Islam.
All these youth organizations that you see in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other countries were based on Islam. All these youth were based on Islam. All these youth were based on Islam.
Even in our country, there are some things in our country. I don’t want to name them.
There are people who speak about Islam, but under these statements there is a political thought.
After the revolution disappeared, all these groups who loved from the revolution returned to Islam. They looked at Islam, they looked at the Holy Quran, they looked at the Holy Quran, they looked at
If there is a system that is established under the Islamic lessons, there is a system that is established under the Islamic lessons, there is a system that is established under the Islamic lessons.
These people who are looking for all the things that they need in Marxism and Revolution but have not found anything that they need in Marxism and Revolution but have not found anything that they nee
You see what is happening?
They want to end this issue. They want to end this issue.
In the United States Finance Center, in the United States Economic Department, in the United States Economic Department of New York, and in the Wall Street, thousands of people have been achieved.
This is what we have said since the beginning. We have said since the beginning that "not west and not west". We have said that "not west and not west". We have said that "not west and not west".
You should be prepared.
Islamic teachers should be prepared.
It is necessary to abandon the teachings of the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran and the Holy
If you do this, your love for Islam will increase.
I have said many things with you. I have said many things with you. I have said many things with you. But I should pay attention to the time.
Dear God, put religious teachers in what You believe.
Dear God, make these dear youth and these young religious students - in Kermanshah and another Kermanshah - so that they should become members of the Islamic Revolution.
Dear God, bestow Your grace and preparedness on all of us.
Dear God, make the heart of the Holy Prophet (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) believes in us.
Leader Appoints New President of Iranian Radio and Television Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadcasting Broadca
In a decision issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution named Dr. Abdulali Ali Asgari as the new president of the Isla
The following is the full text of the decision:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dear Dr. Abdulali Ali Asghari (May Allah bestow his success).
According to the appointment of Mr Mohammad Sarafraz and thanking him for his great efforts in the Revolution and thanking him for his great efforts in the Revolution and thanking him for his efforts
What I should tell you is in the letter that I gave Mr Sarafraz to Mr Sarafraz when I appointed him.
Therefore, I would like to express my gratitude to you the importance of designing, maintaining, managing and educating the laborers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
I pray to Allah the Exalted to help you in this responsibility.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
On Urdebehesht, 1395
May 11, 2016
Leader’s Speech to Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise be upon Allah, the Lord of the world, and blessings be upon our Leader and Prophet Abul Kasim al-Mustafa Mohammad (r.a.) and his honorable families.
We are thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us the opportunity to remember our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) on this day and express our love and sincerity on this day.
Although the speech of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is always in our hearts, the 14th of Khordad is a symbol of love for the Iranian nation.
Today, this day is comparable to the martyrdom of his magnanimous father, Imam Mosa bn Ja'far (a.s.).
This year commemorates 15 years of the important event of the 15th of Khordad in 1963 (June 1963, the first event of the Islamic Revolution).
The 15th of Khordad is an important day and a future day.
I will speak about this before I come to the original issue and I will speak about it.
The 15th of Khordad is not the end of the great movement of teachers and people.
Before the 15th of Khordad, some important events have happened in the year 1341 and 1342.
For example, the incident that happened at the Faiziyya School on February 2, 1342, led to the killing and death of many religious students.
Before, in the early years of 1341, a protest in Tehran had taken place in the market of Tehran and the death of the leader of the Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Khamenei.
These are the facts that the movement of teachers in the year 1341 and 1342 shows that the movement of teachers in the year 1342 has a great position with the police and the officials of the Islamic
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important day.
The reason for this is that the event that happened on 15 Khordad 1342 showed the relationship between people and teachers in that difficult time.
In Ashura that year - which was the 13th of Khordad - the Imam (r.a.) spoke in a very important speech at the Faiziyya School.
Later, security forces arrested Imam Khomeini (r.a.) on 15 Khordad, in Tehran, Kum and other other cities, people demonstrated protests.
It is important to note that this relationship is the result of the continuation of this movement and it moves towards victory.
Wherever a movement is made with support of the people and wherever a movement is made with support of the people, this movement will continue.
But if the people do not participate in a movement of opposition, they will not succeed.
As it happened in Iran during the Constitution, revolutionaries and intellectuals moved but their movement was defeated. Their movement was defeated because their movement was defeated because they d
When the people enter the arena and support a movement, the movement will be supported by the people.
This is what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
In Tehran and other cities, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was arrested, which prevented the government from entering the Islamic Revolution.
The streets of Tehran have been filled with faithful and honorable youth.
On the 15th of Khordad, the disinformation and the unfaithful heart of the Islamic Republic of Khordad were clearly expressed.
Another point which is important to our youth and dear people should pay attention to the issue of the 15th of Khordad is that during the killing of our dear youth and dear people during the killing
People and teachers were just the only people in the arena.
The people who are supporting the fight against the government - who are supporting the fight against the government - said that this is a movement against the government.
When faithful people fail to reach themselves in the revolution, they will accuse the faithful revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolu
They say that the movement was an interesting movement. They say that the movement was an interesting movement. They say that the movement was an interesting movement. They say that the movement was
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had two characteristics which gave him determination, determination and strength. These are the three characteristics which gave him determination, determination and strength.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) speaks from his heart and the people responded to his call with all their hearts.
They entered the arena and they entered the arena.
They made this movement, which had no support in the world, to a victory.
Let’s learn more about the two beliefs that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had.
These are very important things which if we understand them, they will show us our path.
In order to believe in God, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that the people have come together for you, they should feel that they have come together for you, they should feel that they should feel that th
This speech increased their faith and they said: "Allah is the Messenger of us and the Representative of this Representative" [The Holy Quran, 3: 173].
He moved forward for God, speaking and working in the country and believing that if you help Allah help you, he will help you. [The Holy Quran, 47: 7] This is the promise of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.)
In terms of faith and people, the Imam (r.a.) understood the Iranian nation with all the meanings of this word.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believes that this nation is a faithful and enthusiastic nation. He believes that this nation is a faithful and enthusiastic nation.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believes in this reality. If sometimes indigenous people like Shah Sultan Hussein destroyed the Iranian nation, sometimes indigenous people like Shah Sultan Hussein destroyed the
He understood the Iranian nation and believed in them.
He said that the Iranian nation has become a source of insight and intelligence that the Iranian nation has become a source of insight and insight.
The people were the most satisfied with Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the enemies of the nation are the most satisfied with him.
This is why you see that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) has never shown many failures in the arena of fighting against the powers of the Islamic Republic because the powers of the Islamic Republic because the
In the issue of faith, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) teached the Iranian nation that ‘we can achieve’.
He showed the world the power of his power. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that on August 1342, despite the problems of the Islamic Revolution, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) referred to the people of the Islamic R
A teacher is resident of Kum who has no armed forces, money or international assistance.
Faith in God and forgiveness will preserve a person in this arena.
When Imam Khomeini returned from his return, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) threatened the Bakhtiyar regime and said that the Bakhtiyar government would be threatened by the Bakhtiyar regime and said: "I will
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed in his power.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed that the Imam (r.a.) believed that the Imam (r.a.) believed that the Imam (r.a.) believed that the Imam (r.a.) believed that the Imam (r.a.) believed that the Imam (r.a.
And some believe in this. One of the most effective weapons that the enemy used to protect their power against other nations is to make them feel that they will not be able to feel that they will not
They brought the Iranian nation for many years in political, scientific, economic and other areas of life.
He told the Iranian nation that ‘You can’t.
He returned to us in the right position, in the right position, in the right position, in the right position, in the right position, in the right position, in the right position, in the right positio
We have moved forward. Therefore, the Iranian nation has made many successful achievements over the past thirty years.
These blessings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - faith in God, faith in the people and faith in the people - were the foundations of all political and political policies of the Islamic Republic.
Before the beginning of the revolution, these three faiths gave Imam Khomeini (r.a.) power.
When he was forced to return to Paris and when he was forced to return to Iran and when he was forced to return to Iran and when he was forced to return to Iran and when he was forced to return to Ir
These two factors gave Imam Khomeini the capability to return to Tehran in such a situation.
In the event that happened in Bahman in 1357, during the victory of the Islamic Revolution, during the presentation of the Islamic Republic, during the presentation of the Islamic Republic, during th
These three factors are the basis of the position of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and all his actions.
At the end of his life, nobody has seen any sign of disappointment in the words of the magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
Many of the global powers of the Islamic Revolution begin to face confusion about what they are doing.
Sometimes they return to even the previous statements.
But Imam Khomeini (r.a.) did not speak at the end of his life more than his speech in 1342.
He died, but his heart is young and his soul is living.
This is the standard of the armed forces that have been said in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran, saying: "And when they were strong on the road, We have brought them many water" [The Holy Quran, 72:
In another verse, He said, "Those who say, "Our Lord is our Lord, and they say, "Our Lord is our Lord, and they say, "Our Lord is our Lord, and they say, "Our Lord is our Lord, and they say, "Our Lor
The Iranian nation changed their power and Allah the Exalted changed their statements: "And Allah the Exalted changed their statements for the people, and Allah the Exalted changed their statements.
The Iranian nation has changed their path and selflessness, Allah the Exalted helped them and supported them.
What is the result?
There are many things that our youth should know about the presence of the Pahlavi regime - the most during the time of the Islamic Revolution - on the presence of the Islamic Republic.
Their determination has become a disinformation.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, one of the great American diplomats wrote and wrote: "We tell him (Shah) that these things should be done."
They tell him that you should maintain a single relationship, and you should maintain a single relationship.
You will produce oil production for oil production. You will not sell oil production for oil production. You will not sell oil production for whom you sell, you will not sell oil production for whom.
The country which is based on others is transformed into a free and independent country.
Some leaders of the country have ruled the country but they were transformed into representatives of the people and they were transformed into representatives of the people.
They were changed with officials and the public elected.
Over the past thirty years, the powers of the country and the economic and political activities of the country are representatives of the people.
They did not open their powers when they ended the power. This is very important.
These disappointed politicians who have been representatives of the people and showed their frustration against the people, transformed themselves into representatives of the people. Our country has
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, we have not achieved scientific progress in our country.
Is this a small thing?
International statistics say that by the year 2017 - by 2017 - Iran will be the third global scientific leader in the world.
Is this a small thing?
We have been a country where if we want to build a road, a major road or a company, we should give our hearts to others because we should give our hearts to others because we should give our hearts t
However, today the youth of this nation have built thousands of companies, thousands of foreign companies, thousands of rivers, thousands of water paths and thousands of buildings in the country.
Is it necessary to close our eyes on all these things?
In the arena of health and medicine, our patients should go to European hospitals if they have money, if they have money, if they have money.
But today in our country the most complicated and important treatments such as huhu and other important treatments in our country, not just in Tehran, but in Tehran.
The Iranian nation does not need foreigners in this arena.
We have represented ourselves in this very important area.
At that time, many of the regions of the country were demolished.
Before the victory of the Revolution, I visited many cities and villages in the country.
But today different services are being provided in the country, in nearby cities and different villages.
Today nobody can say that there is no electricity or that there is no electricity or that there is no electricity or that there is no electricity or that there is no electricity or that there is no e
At that time before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, the number of people was three million and the university students were three million.
Today the number of people remains two times, but the number of university students remains three times, and the number of university students remains three times.
The majority of university students means the majority of teachers and universities.
In every city there are only two universities, in some cities there are only two universities, in some cities there are only two universities, in some cities there are only two universities.
At that time, there was a state where the number of police schools was not more than the total number of police schools.
But today in this state, there are universities in every city.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation by the Revolution and the efforts of our youth and our officials.
These are very important things.
Thanks to the Revolution, many important and essential activities have been carried out in the country. Many important and essential activities have been carried out in the country.
The products that we have previously bought from foreign countries but today they are manufactured in the country.
It is necessary to look at these things.
These are the result of the three beliefs that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) presented in the hearts of the country - faith in Allah, faith in the people and faith in the people.
We are not saying these statements to make us feel false. We are not saying these statements to make us feel false.
No, there is still a great work ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we compare ourselves to the time of Dagutu, this victory will be virtually achieved. But if we compare ourselves to the time of Dagutu, this victory will be virtually
I would like to say this because our dear nation and youth should know that this path will be made by following these three faiths.
They should know that there is a long path in the future. But you can, you have the power and you have the opportunity.
You can continue this long path towards where you want to achieve it.
I would like to say that the enemy's efforts to create love in our hearts, they do this for protection.
The screenshot of the path is behind us.
We have a path map.
What is our path?
This lesson is the lesson that will help us and continue to describe our path. The lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) will help us and continue to describe our path. The lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.)
I have not found any use of the name of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) but reject his teachings. This is a mistake.
The path is with Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and he gave us it.
In the foreign policy, the lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) were the following: resistance against the policies of the powers of the powers of the Islamic Republic. Resistance against the powers of th
The message of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is with us.
In the arena of culture, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) speech and writings are with us. In the arena of culture, the lesson of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) lesson is that the Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) lesson is that
In the arena of economy, the lessons of the Imam (r.a.) in the arena of economy are: relying on the international economy; relying on the international economy; relying on the international economy a
The lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) needed us to preserve freedom in the economy and that we should preserve freedom in the economy. We should preserve freedom in the economy and that we should prese
The Iranian nation can reduce this pressure through faith and remembrance of its magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can progress.
Thanks to the power and experience of the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation can continue to make the path that has been made.
But regarding the issue of elections, which is the issue of elections, is the issue of elections.
Dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian nation!
The election is the symbol of all these three faiths that are in community with Imam Khomeini (r.a.). The election is the symbol of faith in the Imam (r.a.).
Our responsibility is to consider the future of our country.
All Iranians are responsible for this responsibility.
It is also a symbol of respect for the people, because elections are the people who elect government officials through elections.
It is also a symbol of resistance because whoever votes in the elections will feel that the person who votes in the elections will feel that he has played a role in defining the future of the country
This is a very important point.
Therefore, elections are the symbol of respect for God, the symbol of respect for the people and the people.
Any vote for one of these three candidates - that is to say, any vote for one of these three candidates - is for the Islamic Republic.
The vote for each of the candidates is not a vote for the Islamic Republic. The vote for the Islamic Republic is not a vote for the Islamic Republic.
In the elections, those who are candidates for the presidential elections, those who are candidates for the elections, those who are candidates for the elections, those who are candidates for the ele
The second point is the issue of denying the candidate to be useful for the candidate to be useful for the candidate to be useful for the candidate to be useful for the candidate to be useful for the
Our enemies in the foreign country are thinking how to make this election a threat for the Islamic Republic because elections are a great threat for the Islamic Republic. Elections are a great threat
Their hope is either to hold the elections without determination to see that the people are opposed to the Islamic Republic and that they are opposed to the Islamic Republic.
This is what the enemies of this nation hope.
But they do not know our nation. They do not know our nation. They do not know our nation. They do not know our nation. They do not know our nation. They do not know our nation. They do not know our
To reduce the impact of this election, they created some scientists to speak through these media.
Sometimes they say that there is no freedom in the elections, sometimes they say that there is no freedom in the elections and sometimes there is no freedom in the elections.
No, they do not know our people, they do not know our elections and they do not know the Islamic Republic.
There is this in investment countries?
In independent countries, if you do not have any support from one of these parties and you do not have any support from one of these parties and you do not have any support from one of these parties,
There are some people who do not have any support for the Zionists and who do not have any support for the Zionists and who do not have any support for the Zionists. They cannot do anything that they
They do not have radio stations with them, and they do not have radio stations where they can broadcast their programmes.
Therefore, they will spend a lot of money for their programmes.
In our country, our candidates will have many months to send their messages to the people.
Where is this condition in the world?
What is power in the arena of elections is only law.
According to the law, some cannot enter the arena of elections and some cannot enter.
The law defines the requirements that are necessary to comply, such as who should stand.
All these things are carried out according to law.
As I have said, they close their eyes to all these things. They close their eyes to all these things. As I have said, they close their eyes to all these things. As I have said, they close their eyes
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will respond to these people by their attention and the response that they will respond to their attention and the response that they will respond to these people
I would like to say some examples for the candidates. During the elections, the dear candidates spoke against government programmes. During the elections, they spoke against government programmes.
They can act against all things that they see in their opinion. However, their opinion should be the meaning of effort and determination.
They should consider this issue. I don’t have any candidate. I don’t have any candidate. I don’t have any candidate. I don’t have any candidate. I don’t have any candidate.
I call the brothers who want to attract the public attention to themselves and they should be justified in speaking.
They should criticize, but they should not criticize the great achievements in this government or in other governments. They should not criticize the great achievements in this government or in other
Criticism should not be the meaning of oppression of good achievements that have been done in the past.
Today everybody who starts power in the country needs to begin working first because there are many great activities.
Over the years, during different governments, many construction works have been carried out during different governments.
These should not be abandoned.
All these efforts should not be done because there are economic problems and the prices of production. We should deny these efforts because there are economic problems and we should deny these effort
But if we have a solution for these problems, we should not forget all the things that have been done today.
Therefore, we should not make decisions that cannot be achieved.
I call all candidates to say that if they have published cassettes of their speeches in the future, they will not feel happy.
You should promise that if they are presented to you in the future, you will not make the responsibility of this and the other.
You should prepare what you can do.
In our country and according to our constitution, the president has a very great power.
The power that the President has in our Constitution is a very great power.
The President has the budget of the country, he has the capacity to implement laws, he has the capacity to implement legislation, he has the capacity to implement legislation, he has the capacity to
The presidential hands are different things.
The backwardness of only one person is the backwardness of law.
The law will only give him security, which is not contradictory.
The law is established, not established.
Those who speak to the people should tell them what they need.
If they have a plan, they should tell the people, they should tell them that they should make more efforts in order to implement these plans.
Some have thinking that we should take care of the enemies to reduce their frustration with us.
They differentiate the interests of these people than the national interests. This is a mistake.
The enemy's feelings are due to the presence of you, the presence of the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic because Imam Khomeini (r.a.) lived in the hearts and souls of the people of the coun
This is the reason for their feelings.
If our nation stands in power, reduces its needs, reduces its needs and resolves its problems, if our nation stands in power, if our nation stands in power, if our nation stands in power, if our nati
What is important is the faith, determination, faithfulness, faith in God and respect for the power of the people.
Dear brothers and sisters, the three days are the arena of great examinations and I hope that during this great examination, the people will be interested in this great examination.
“No power or motivation is from Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful and the Merciful.
Imam Khamenei's Message to Youth of Europe and Northern America - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
To all European and Northern American youth
The recent events in France and other Western countries made me feel that it is necessary to speak with you.
I would like to speak to you dear youth, not because you are the great future, but because you are the great future, the future of your nation and the future of your country.
I do not speak about politicians and officials of your governments because I believe that their policies have fallen away from their policies. I believe that they have fallen away from their policies
The speech is about Islam, especially about what is given to you as an Islamic country.
Over the past 30 years - that is to say, since the establishment of the Republic of the Soviet Union - has been made great efforts to promote this great religion.
Of course, this condition of fear and disinformation is a historical threat in the history of western political history of Western countries.
I do not want to speak about the different things that have been presented in the hearts of the people of western countries.
If you take a look at the history, you see that new historians criticized the injustice and justice of the Western governments against nations and culture.
The history of Europe and America has destroyed itself from the killing of people, power and exploitation of non-Christians and non-Christians.
Your historical scholars and historical teachers are frustrated by the religious blood between Christians and Protestants.
I would like to ask you about history, but I would like to ask your scholars what they were doing. I would like to ask your scholars what they were doing. I would like to ask you what they were doing
Why is the issue of people relying on the events that have happened in the history of many years and not the events that have happened in the current world?
Why are people from understanding important issues such as culture, cultural and Islamic thought?
You know that disinformation, creating fear and creating fear of others and creating fear of other people is an arena that has been created in order to create disinformation and creating disinformati
I would like to ask you, why has the old policy of fear against Islam and Muslims returned?
Why does the world think of Islam in the face of Islam?
What are the concepts of Islamic thoughts that will be the basis for the political and political policies of the global countries and what will they achieve?
Therefore, the first need is to ask and investigate the reasons for this great effort.
The second need is to respond to this great propaganda under the name of Islam. The second need is to respond to this great propaganda under the name of Islam.
The necessity of understanding the reality of what is threatened to you and force you away from it. I do not think that you are aware of what is threatened to you. I do not think that you are aware o
You should not let the terrorists under their power as representatives of Islam.
You should understand Islam from its original foundation.
Dear people, understand Islam through the Holy Quran and the life of the Prophet of Islam (peace and sacrifice be upon him and his sons).
I would like to ask you, have you read the Holy Quran regularly?
Have you read the teachings of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and his humanity?
Are you understanding the Islamic message from a different media, not a media?
Have you asked you what was the Islamic Republic and according to some teachings it managed to become the greatest culture, scientific and intellectual progress of the world?
I call you to not use political and false policies to prevent you from truth and eliminate the possibility of justice from you.
Now when social media has demolished the importance of the countries, do not let you leave yourselves in the creative international borders.
Although nobody can pay attention to this place, each of you can create justice and justification on this place. Each of you can create justice and justice on this place.
Although the challenge between Islam and you youth is a very strong challenge, it can create new questions in the future.
Trying to find the answers of these questions will give you the opportunity to understand new truths.
Therefore, do not let this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam because through the responsibility of the Islamic Republic, the nations who come to the world will continue to understand Islam
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader Nominates Dr.Ahmadinejad as Member of the Islamic Revolution's Assembly - Khamenei.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, named Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the former President of the Islamic Republic of Iran as the former President of the Islamic Republic of Iran
The following is the full text of the order issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dear Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (May Allah bestow his support)
Based on your efforts as the President of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the efforts you have made over the past thirty years as the President of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the efforts you ha
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic R
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise and greetings be upon Allah, the Lord of the world, and blessings be upon our Lord and Prophet, Abul Kasim al-Mustafa Mohammad (r.a.) and his honorable souls.
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving me another opportunity to meet with you dear people, dear youth and youth of Mashhad.
I would like to congratulate all of you to congratulate Norouz and the end of New Year. I hope that this year will be a blessed and proud year.
There are some issues that I would like to say during this interview with you dear brothers and sisters.
First point is to look at the events that have happened on us, our nation, our country and the events that have happened on us in the world and the region.
The reason why we speak about the issues that happened in the year 1390, especially the victories that the Iranian nation achieved in this year is that the Iranian nation has achieved a new year.
The honorable leaders of this region - the honorable leaders of this region - have used all their power, all their power, all their power, all their power, all their power, all their power, all their
Whoever looks at the propaganda of the attackers against the Iranian nation will see that all these efforts are made against the Iranian nation.
They want to introduce the idea that "we can continue" which Imam Khomeini (r.a.) teached us and the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolutio
They made all their efforts to achieve this goal. The year last year was the year that they achieved this goal.
I would like to understand that different from what they hope for the Iranian nation through the movement that they hope for the Iranian nation through the movement that they hope for the Iranian nat
The reason why we speak about power and victories is to ensure that the Iranian nation has achieved such power in order to ensure that the Iranian nation has achieved such power.
We do not have difficult areas. We do not have difficult areas. But on the other hand, we have difficult areas. On the other hand, we have difficult areas. On the other hand, we have difficult areas.
We described the year 1390 as the Year of Economic Development. This year (I will start) from the issue of economy.
The economic activities of the officials in the arena of economic activities and the unity of the people during the last year were very important.
One of the points that can be mentioned in this regard is the policy of the government.
All economists - both in previous governments and in the past governments - considered that these policies have been implemented in the past governments.
Although this has been a constitutional issue, it has continued to continue without being done because of the challenges and difficulties that have been done because of the challenges and difficultie
The work is not safe, but what the officials of the government - both in the government and in the parliament - have done and supported them.
All of our nations have feeled them, but this is a great responsibility. This is a great responsibility.
One of the goals of this programme is to divide the government’s support to the people in justice.
I recently said that the support was divided between different sectors of the society through injustice.
I have different stories from different parts of the country that show that this has affected the lives of people in the society.
This is one of the goals of this programme and it is the most important goal of implementing this law.
Another goal is to improve the production system and the economy of the country.
According to the statistics of economic scientists - which all participated in this regard - this can be improved through the implementation of the programme of support for the people of the country
Another goal is to use the resources at the right time.
Of course, our country is beneficiary from oil, gas, and cananzir without paying attention.
How we use these blessings more than all other countries in the world — maybe more than all other countries in the world.
The data provided and the data provided shows that if we say that this programme is not completely completed, the use of this programme will be completed.
When we are not able to produce the quality of resources in the home, what should we do?
We should intervene from other places. That is to say, the Iranian nation should be the people who should be the people who should be the people who should be the people who should be the people who
But thanks to this effort, the oil used in home is almost as comparable to what is produced. The oil used in home is almost as comparable to what is produced. The oil used in home is almost as compar
This was the case that was done in 1390 when our enemies imposed sanctions to destroy our nation.
But the youth of our nation made efforts and through their efforts through their efforts, they managed to solve the enemies' attacks.
Another very important action that was done last year in the arena of scientific and cultural arenas is the action that was made in the arena of scientific and cultural arenas.
Knowledge and technology are one of the foundations for establishing the economy and preserving its power.
When a nation achieves knowledge and technology, it will have money, it will have money, it will have money, it will have money, it will have money, it will have money, it will have money and it will
Because of the importance of scientific and technological progress, I would like to pay attention to this issue.
I receive different reports from different sectors and I can tell you that the progress that has been made in different parts of the country has been made in different parts of the country.
According to the reports published by the international scientific organizations - which is not our scientific organizations - the greatest progress of scientific progress is not our scientific organ
In 1390, which is more than the 2011 millennium, a global scientific report published by international scientific organizations published by international scientific organizations — was three month
This happened when the enemies of the Iranian nation imposed sanctions to destroy the Iranian nation saying that we have imposed sanctions on the Iranian nation saying that we have imposed sanctions
In their reports - including the reports of accredited scientific organizations in the region - Iran is the first in the arena of scientific development.
This is a report by some people who say that they have the opportunity to publish a report different from what they did, but they say that. In 1390, we saw that they had the opportunity to publish a
This eight per cent of uranium was what America and others established in 1389 before they gave us.
We should provide energy for our Tehranian Research Center because the energy that has been provided by our Tehranian Research Center is almost protected.
They established certain requirements to send uranium to foreign countries saying we should send it to foreign countries. But we did not accept this.
The Brazilian and Turkish officials came to meet with our President and signed an agreement.
But after the agreement was approved, the Americans did not want to approve this agreement. They did not want to approve this agreement. They wanted to approve this agreement. They wanted to approve
As a result of the failure of the US governments, this led to Brazil and Turkish governments. This was the case when the Brazilian and Turkish governments had failed to reduce the uranium production
Last year, they produced uranium for the Tehran Nuclear Center and announced this to the world.
Although they know that Tehran is producing medicine — that is to provide the needs of patients, research and research and thousands of patients have been treated by thousands of patients.
This is where our youth created it.
It is a very difficult task, it is a very difficult task, it is a very difficult task, it is a very difficult task, it is a very difficult task, it is a very difficult task, it is a very difficult ta
This was the event that happened in the year 1390.
When they said that you should give the Russian uranium that you should give the Russian country three per cent of your uranium that you should give the Russian country three per cent of your uranium
This was the event that happened in the year 1390.
The increase in the number of medicines imported from the Islamic Republic to six per cent, the increase in the number of products imported from the Islamic Republic and the increase in the number of
This is part of the successes achieved in the year of "Efforts to Develop Economy" (last year).
These are knowledge and technological progress, but all of them have an impact on the economy of the country. All of them have an impact on the economy of the country.
In the beginning of this year 1390 - that is to say, in the early year 1390 - I visited the Institute of Agriculture and Research Institute of Agriculture.
There are many progress in different areas of scientific areas. Therefore, I see many progress in different areas of scientific areas. Therefore, I see many progress in different areas of scientific
First of all, the spirit and thoughts of jihad are in the hearts of the jihadists.
These scientists are working with the spirit of jihad. They are working with the spirit of jihad. They are working with the spirit of jihad.
There is a difference between those who work for money, position, prominence or scientific reputation and those who work for scientific reputation and those who work for scientific reputation and tho
This is a very important and important point.
The second characteristic is that our experts have taken these sanctions to another opportunity.
During this weekend trip, some people told me that we are thankful for the sanctions.
This spirit of feeling that the sanctions that the enemy put us as an opportunity is very important and important.
The second characteristic that I see at this place is the great faith.
Some parts of the industry have only three to four countries. They have never let anybody get such technology.
Our country has needed to learn about this arena where difficult and conflicted activities have lost many money.
But I see that our scientists have made efforts and said that we can.
This unity between a nation and some scientific and youth of a nation is very valuable.
Another characteristic is respect for the youth.
Because labor is the responsibility of the youth.
Youth are also the foundations of innovation and innovation.
Another characteristic is the relationship between industry and universities.
I have always advised different officials who have relationships with previous governments to make cooperation with the previous governments.
I was very happy that this relationship was confirmed.
Of course this includes all of our industries and universities.
This was the year 1390. Since the beginning and the end of it, the enemies had been threatening since the beginning and the end of it. Sometimes they were threatening since the beginning and they wer
Now the American government officials across the world are trying to implement these sanctions in order to threaten the people of the world.
There were some great victories in the year 1390, including the diplomatic work that was made in the year 1391 and the diplomatic work that was made in the year 1392 and the diplomatic work that was
Islamic Resistance Festivals, the Islamic Resistance Festival, the Islamic Resistance Festival, the Islamic Resistance Festival, the Islamic Resistance Festival, the Islamic Resistance Festival, the
The Islamic Republic of Iran has become an organization where the eyes of the world of Islam have returned to them.
In the arena of economic services, hundreds of houses have been built and released to the public.
This is a very important and important number. There were houses in villages, there were streets and great roads.
These are the things that have been created in the past decades of justice.
Despite the enemies' movements and disinformation, the nation has been strong and achieved such progress.
Of course, we should remember that the elections are not completely completed. I hope the people will reach the second election when the second election will be held when the second election will be
This election is very important.
I would like to tell you that over six months have been making efforts to save the people from about six months.
They say that if the people fail, the enemy's opposition towards the Iranian nation will increase. They say that if the people fail, the enemy's opposition towards the Iranian nation will increase.
Sometimes through killing our scholars - who have carried out these two terrorist activities in the country for six months - their goal was to save our people.
Over the past five years, the presence of people during the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives (US) has not been lower than 40 per cent.
If you compare this with the Iranian nation, you compare this with the Iranian nation, you compare this with the Iranian nation. You compare this with the Iranian nation.
Through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats, through such threats and through such threats
This election became a very powerful and powerful media.
They have been destroying the stories of the events that are happening in Iran, saying false stories of false stories about Iran and denying false stories of false stories about Iran, but there is no
It has happened on the eyes of the people.
This election was like a powerful media that allowed the truth of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to other people across the world.
These were the events that happened in the year 1390. These were the events that happened in the year 1391.
These are some of the victories that the Iranian nation achieved in the year 1390.
Since the issue of nuclear issue was presented, the enemies have been destroyed by the enemies.
They know and they say that Iran does not want to produce nuclear weapons.
This is true of us. We will not be able to develop nuclear weapons. We will not be able to develop nuclear weapons. We will not be able to develop nuclear weapons. We will not be able to develop nucl
What is the reason?
The first point is the position of the Islamic Republic in defending the gas economy of this country.
Today - just like today - the economic and political power of the Iranian nation and the power of scientific and political power of the Iranian nation.
The world will need gas for many years. This is an issue that everybody should appreciate.
The highest powers know that their life is based on oil and gas.
When they fail to achieve this good price, they will be necessary to achieve this good price. They will be necessary to achieve this good price. They will be necessary to achieve this good price and
The oil production of certain European and Western countries will protect up to five years, some years, six years and three years. Therefore, the oil production of certain European and Western countr
According to the calculations of our scientists - which is based on our statistics - according to the calculations of our scientists - is based on the calculations of our scientists.
They would pay attention to the oil production from the Persian Gulf where over half of the world's global oil production is coming from this region.
They will pay attention to the three resources of our region and the Persian Gulf, which is one of the resources of our region. One of these resources is one of these resources. One of these resource
Among all the countries in the world - not just of the Persian Gulf - the most popular oil and gas production is the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Some countries are more gas than our countries, while others are more powerful than our countries.
We are the second country in the world - Russia is the first country and we are the second country in the world - and oil production is the second country in the world.
This is an important issue for the countries who use oil and the countries who use oil and the countries who use oil and the countries who use oil and the countries who use oil and the countries who
But the Islamic Republic - according to the blessings of today - will protect the Islamic Republic of Iran - according to the blessings of the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic of Iran - will
When a country has petroleum and gas such as oil and gas, what do the governments want?
They want this country to be under a government and a system that will be like a ball in their hands. They want this country to be under a government and a system that will be like a ball in their ha
If in Iran, which is the main producer of oil and gas, there will be a strong system and a determined government who stands strong in protecting this resource.
Those who think that if we do not follow the issue of nuclear protection, America will end its protection against us.
Their problem is not a nuclear problem.
There are countries that have nuclear weapons and they are also present in our region, but they are not familiar with them.
Therefore, the issue of nuclear weapons is not the issue of nuclear weapons and is not the issue of human rights.
The problem is the Islamic Republic.
If the Islamic Republic is just like some other regional countries in the region is prepared to safeguard its nation, it is not prepared to safeguard its nation.
This is the reason why they are opposed to agriculture. This is the reason why they are opposed to the Iranian nation.
Of course, the Americans make mistakes.
It is a great mistake to think that through the presence of the Islamic Republic of Iran will prevent the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Western countries do not let their nations understand what they can face in the arena of their own benefits.
They do not want their nations to understand what they are waiting for oil and energy. They do not want their nations to tell their nations these things.
They believe that through the progress of the Iranian nation they can make their achievements more progressive. I cannot.
I would like to tell you dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian nation, that America with all these powers and all the powers that have been shown by the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation, that
I do not want to create security information or specific information. What I want to say is like the two lists of the two lists. What I want to say is like the two lists of the two lists.
You should see that the new president has received power from the slogan "transformation".
What means transformation?
It is that we are in a very brilliant condition. I want to change this condition.
That is to say, the people voted for this symbol and they voted for this symbol. If they voted for this symbol, the American nation will not be known for this symbol, if they voted for this symbol, t
The impact of this transformation on the people of America is the fact that the situation of the United States is the fact that the situation of the United States is the situation of the United State
Therefore, it was believed that the condition was brilliant.
I would not want to say this but I would not want to say that the people of the United States have shown that the situation was clear.
Of course, when this person entered the power, did he create a change?
Will he change this difficult situation?
This budget compares or increases the production that they are producing in the country.
This is a great problem for a country.
This is the condition of their policy: this has forced them to return to Iraq without achieving anything. In Afghanistan, the conditions are changing every day. In Afghanistan, the conditions are cha
In Muslim countries, in Egypt, in northern Africa, in Tunisia, the American faith has been in their eyes.
After all these things, the movement of Wall Street has also happened in America.
Is this a good condition?
Therefore, America is in a very difficult way.
Of course, America may threaten certain countries. It may threaten certain countries.
I would like to tell you that we do not have nuclear weapons, but we will not have nuclear weapons in order to protect ourselves from any attack on ourselves, but to protect ourselves from any attack
The Holy Quran promises us that those who were captured by you and those who were captured by you, they will not receive food, and those who were captured by you and those who were captured by you wi
It is the path of God which is behind this path and you will not find the path of God which is behind this path and you will not find the path of God which is behind them. [The Holy Quran, 48: 22-23]
There is no place in the Holy Quran which says that if you start the war, you will be victorious. There is no place in the Holy Quran which says that if you start the war, you will be victorious.
But Allah promised that when the enemy begins attacking you, they will suffer.
It should not be thought that this is an issue of the beginning of Islam. No, "The path of God is the path that ends after this, and you will not find the path of God and you will not find the path o
The Iranian nation does not mean that the Iranian nation does not mean that the Iranian nation does not mean that the Iranian nation does not mean that the Iranian nation does not mean that the Irani
When you buy and use of domestic products, you benefit from the Iranian library, you produce labor and you produce labor and you produce labor and you produce labor and you produce labor and you prod
This current culture - which can be seen in some parts of our nation - uses foreign products - to use foreign products - to use foreign products.
Everybody is responsible for its responsibilities. We should support and strengthen our international production.
Today universities have a place in their hands and they can use this to strengthen the production of international production.
The society - both individuals and laborers - should unite themselves in order to make labor.
You should be a searcher and user of domestic products.
It is not a mistake and it is difficult to promote foreign products in our homes, in our countries, in our countries and in the needs of today and tomorrow.
I have heard that some of the products produced in certain cities of the country are symbolized by foreign companies and returned.
If they are sold here, the buyer may not want them, but if they have French company in their hands, he will buy them.
The production of domestic products is very important.
In the arena of production, the majority of the work is done by the people, which is part of the revitalization of the country's natural resources. This is part of the revitalization of the country's
Dear brothers and sisters across the country, we need unity and work.
There are many things that cause discord and discrimination.
Sometimes the view of two people is different, but this should not be the cause of change. This should not be the cause of change.
Sometimes a person has a different view and has a different view. This should not be the cause of discord.
The Holy Quran tells us that if we do not believe in different things, the Holy Quran tells us that if we do not believe in different things, the Holy Quran tells us that if we do not believe in diff
The power that our enemies made last year was due to the conflicts between us.
The Leader of the Faithful (a.s.) teaches us, saying: "Whoever seeks truth but fails to find falsehood is different from whoever seeks falsehood is different from whoever seeks falsehood is different
An opponent is looking for truth, loving the Islamic Republic, loving the Revolution and loving the Revolution.
He different from a person who follows a path that is opposed to the Islamic Republic and protects the Islamic Republic.
You should strengthen your hearts and your relationship with each other should be based on love and feelings. Of course, the old media and the Internet have proven that the old media and the Internet
But the basis of this is that we should feel that we should feel that we should feel that we should feel that we should feel that we should feel that we should feel that we should feel that we should
However, this statement should not be considered as an accusation that certain people should come and accuse some people of speaking disinformation against the youth.
No, I see all the youth of the country as my children and I support them. I support all the youth of the country and I support them. I support them.
Everybody should respect the law.
The responsibility of the Islamic Revolution is under the Constitution.
The same is true of the Iranian officials.
The government and the president should recognize the responsibilities of the government and the president should recognize the responsibilities of the government and the president.
This does not mean that all of them should have different views. This does not mean that if they have different views, everybody should have different views.
I hope that the year 1391 which starts from today will be one of the best years for the Iranian nation. I hope that the year 1391 will be one of the best years for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, by the blessings of Muhammad and his sons, preserve our dear youth, our dear nation and our dear nation.
Dear God, destroy the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, make the heart of this dear nation towards its goals. Make the heart of the Holy Prophet of the Islamic Republic towards its goals. Make the heart of the Holy Prophet of the Islamic Republi
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic R
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise be upon Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Greetings be upon Tahira Fatima, the daughter of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), and blessings be upon her, her husband, her husband and children.
I would like to congratulate all the dear brothers and sisters who participated in this great event.
I hope Allah the Exalted will prepare our hearts and languages to His blessings.
This is a good opportunity for me to celebrate every year, on the Nourouz day, in the spiritual feelings of the people, in the spiritual feelings of the people, in the spiritual feelings of the peopl
Dear brothers and sisters, you should remember that our Iranian nation is not just looking at our issues and considering them. You should remember that our Iranian nation is not just looking at our i
There are certain nations who look at the situation of the Iranian nation. They look at the situation of the Iranian nation.
If we achieve a victory, they feel that they are victorious and if we achieve a victory, they feel that they are victorious.
There are some people in the world who are looking at our work but they are different from the first time.
They are hoping for the Iranian nation.
They are the people who have been responsible for many years. They are the people who have been responsible for many years. They are the people who have been responsible for many years.
Then the Islamic Revolution came and strengthened their hands.
They are opposed to the Revolution. They are opposed to the Revolution's government and the system that the Revolution created.
Therefore, we are under the look of a large number of human beings.
Therefore, when we look at our previous and future plans, our viewpoint should be righteous and professional.
Some of our people when looking at the conditions of the country do not see the situation of the country.
They do not see the prices of production, increasing international production and increasing international production in some sectors.
I have a different view.
When I look at the conditions of the country and the Iranian nation, I see that the Iranian nation was the first to achieve this victory. The Iranian nation was the first to achieve this victory.
There are very difficult events in the country. There are very difficult events in the country. There are very difficult events in the country. There are very difficult events in the country.
The unexperienced woman, who was previously a secretary of state for the US Secretary of External Affairs, said that we wanted to assist the Islamic Republic of Iran.
They say this. I will describe what they did and where they did.
Therefore, on the one hand, there is a great movement of the enemy in the arena of the challenges of the Iranian nation.
When one looks at this sport, it is like a sport where the champions win and the others win and the others win and the others win and the others win and the others win and the others win and the othe
The champion of this great arena is the Iranian nation.
Whoever looks at this arena and research, it will be proud of the Iranian nation as well as the Iranian nation.
Politicians, university officials and other people who know what the world is doing and look at the conditions, all are proud of the Iranian nation.
We should look at the efforts that have been made in the country and the results that will be achieved.
Who are these people?
I will discuss it later.
The enemies who do not want to see the progress of the Iranian nation in all areas have two principles: first, they want to see the progress of the Iranian nation in all areas. First, they want to se
They will do this by imposing sanctions, threats, threatening officials, threatening officials, threatening the government officials and threatening officials.
In his speech, the President of the Islamic Republic spoke about the economic problems of Iran. He spoke about the economic problems of Iran. He spoke about the economic problems of the Iranian natio
He said that the Iranian money has been rising, and there are economic problems in the country.
He did not refer to the great achievements that have been done in the country and the great victories that the Iranian nation has made.
This year 1391 was one of the years when our enemies were attacked by their security activities.
They say that we want to destroy the Iranian nation by imposing sanctions.
Because if the Islamic Republic remains strong and progressive, the Islamic Republic will remain strong.
Therefore, if they cannot, they should not let them. If they cannot, they should try to achieve this through media.
Today there are two things that are being done without the hands of the children. There are two things that are being done without the hands of the children. There are two things that are being done
We said that there are enemies.
Who are these enemies?
Who is the source of these movements against the Iranian nation?
Answering this question is not difficult.
Today the hearts and souls of the Iranian nation return to the American government.
The American officials should understand that during the past thirty years, the Iranian nation has seen certain things that have made the Iranian nation a lot of things that have made the Iranian nat
This is a very important issue that every government should consider this issue and learn itself.
They are the center of these movements and security.
There are also other enemies, but they are not seen as the first enemies.
The Zionist regime is also an enemy, but the Zionist regime has not been among the enemies of the Iranian nation.
Sometimes the Israeli officials threaten us and threaten us to cause a military attack. But in my opinion, they know that if a military attack is caused by a military attack, they will know that if a
The British regime is also protecting the Iranian nation.
The England is one of the earliest enemies of the Iranian nation. But the British government is one of the earliest enemies of the Iranian nation.
The British government does not have independence. It is the enemy of the United States.
There are some governments who show security.
I would like to tell you that French officials have shown their security towards the Iranian nation. This is true of the French officials. This is true of the French officials.
A politician, especially a politician who knows what he needs, should not appear as an enemy.
We have not had any problems with the government and France in the history of history. But this policy has made a lot of mistakes in the history of history. This policy has made a lot of mistakes in
In our opinion, this is a mistake.
When they speak, Americans say that the names of certain countries are "global countries". They used the names of certain countries as "global countries". They used the names of certain countries as
Today when we want to take a look at Iran and the Islamic Ummah of Iran, we should know that when we want to take a look at the year 1391. When we want to take a look at the year 1391, we should know
Since the beginning of the year 1391, they began sanctions against the Iranian nation: oil sanctions, oil sanctions against banks and banks.
They are against security, but they hope that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are the enemies and that they are security.
Last year, in the speech of Imam Ali (a.s.), I said in his first speech of Imam Ali (a.s.) in his first speech of Imam Ali (a.s.) in his first speech of Imam Ali (a.s.) in his first speech of the yea
The American government has created specialists who can speak with countries and interview with companies in order to speak with companies.
They should be judged if they have a monetary and petroleum relationship with the Islamic Republic.
They started this work since the beginning of the year 1391, especially from the beginning of Mordad.
I would like to say that the Americans have expressed their feelings that the sanctions have been implemented in the past months. I have said that the sanctions have been implemented in the past mont
Our economy has faced the problem that it is based on oil.
We should divide our economy and use of oil. Our governments should pay attention to this in their plans.
Last year, I told the government that they should make a system that we can close our rivers anytime whenever we want, we can close our rivers anytime whenever we want.
At that time, some of those who called themselves ‘experts’ were shocked that it would be possible?
Of course, it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is necessary to do something and it is ne
When the economy of a country is suffering from a specific point, the enemy will move towards this point.
Of course sanctions have affected, but they do not have the effect that the enemies want.
I will discuss this in the future. I will discuss this in the arena of economic activities. In the arena of political activities, the enemies did all their efforts during the year 1391.
The governments should not let the Islamic Republic of Iran influence its policies in this regard. They should not let the Islamic Republic of Iran influence its policies in this regard.
That was what they hoped.
The countries of the United Nations represent more than three per cent of the world. The leaders and government officials of the countries of the United Nations have participated in meetings with the
All of them praised the Iranian nation.
They told us this and in their interviews with media and their nations all realized this after they returned to the country after they returned to the country after they returned to the country.
That is to say, unlike what the enemies of the Iranian nation hopes.
They managed to make an impact.
In the international policy, the goal of these sanctions was to create discord in the hearts of the Iranian nation. They create discord in the hearts of the Iranian nation.
On Bahman's 22th of Bahman, the Iranian nation presented themselves through their participation and love for the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic.
In the arena of security, they made everything they could to destroy the security of the country, which government officials referred to these things in their interviews with the government officials
In the political arena of this region, they tried to stop the effects of the Islamic Republic.
In the regional political arena, they confirmed that no problem in the region can be solved without the presence of Iran and the presence of Iran.
In regard to the attacks of the Zionist regime in Gaza, the Iranian presence of the Zionist regime made the Zionists defeated by the Palestinian revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionar
They said that despite the presence of the Islamic Republic and its power, the Palestinian revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolutionary revolution
Therefore, during the six-day war, the Palestinians managed to defeat Israel.
I said that the efforts that they made were not influenced, but in the end, it made us a great success. It made us a great success.
This sanction moved the Iranian nation with their experience and their experience. This sanction moved the Iranian nation with their experience and their experience.
Our youth have made success without the sanctions and we have not made success without the sanctions. Our youth have made success without the sanctions and we have not made success without the sancti
There have been various progress in the arena of construction, in the arena of energy, in the arena of energy, in the arena of development of natural resources, in the arena of development of natural
We made a great progress in the scientific arena in 1391.
In the arena of scientific and technology, many projects were carried out last year that would bring about a good future for the people who believe in a good future for the country.
This is to say, in the year when our youth and our dear youth and our dear youth and our dear youth and our dear youth and our dear youth and our dear youth and our dear youth and our dear youth and
When this human being transferred to the space and returned to the atmosphere, first of all scientific scientists in the world considered this situation. First of all scientific scientists in the wor
However, after the truth was explained to everybody, they found that they had no path to believe.
In the health and medical sector, great activities have been carried out in the arena of health.
In the arena of gender scientific science, we have been one in the region.
There were great work and some vaccines were carried out.
All these things have been done in the year which was prohibited for the Iranian nation in order to prevent them from a good life and all human victories.
This year, we were first in different areas of scientific arenas.
In the university scientific and technological competition, the country recorded a tally of three per cent compared to last year.
In 1391, the number of university students increased five per cent compared to the beginning of the Revolution.
That is to say, the number of our university students increased from the number of university students last year from the number of university students last year.
These are great victories that the Iranian nation has made.
The country has achieved great achievements in the arena of water, climate, and nuclear production, and in the arena of nuclear production, the country has achieved great achievements in the arena of
All of these things were observed in the year when the enemies of the Iranian nation destroyed the Iranian nation.
There are very great lessons from the events that happened in the year 1391. This lesson is that every nation who is living in the life of a nation who is living in the life of a nation who is living
She explained to us and all those who look at the issues of Iran that what is important for a nation is to benefit from the power of the Islamic Republic.
This is what will continue its progress.
The year 1391 was an arena of training and education.
We know what we are doing. This is the characteristic of athletes.
During military seminaries, the Armed Forces understand their power and disabilities to treat it.
We know what we are doing.
This problem is one of the problems that we have had - which I have said before - is one of the problems that we have had - is one of the problems that we have had - is one of the problems that we ha
It is necessary that the government officials - the officials who are at the power and especially those who are at the power before the presidential elections that will be held in this year - should
Another great lesson we learned is that the buildings of the country are strong.
When the foundation is strong, the enemy’s attacks will not affect the enemy’s attacks.
If the great officials of the country understand their responsibilities and manage to fulfill their responsibilities, they will be able to fulfill their responsibilities.
In Allah's favor, we will see the impact of the efforts of the officials and the people of the country in the year 1391.
Of course economy is a very important issue for many years, but economy is not just a very important issue. Economy is not just a very important issue. Economy is not just a very important issue.
Because if knowledge is progressive in the country, all other activities that will come to the country will be more easier.
Independence and independence is also very important. The influence of regional issues is very important. The influence of regional issues is very important. The influence of regional issues is very
We have made progress in all these areas.
In the arena of security, in the arena of international influence, in the arena of international influence, international influence and international influence.
Through such progress, our nation proved that the lack of staying under the American power does not mean a return. This is a very important issue.
Today the powers of the world and the powers of the world - when they are powerful - today America wants to tell the global nations that if they are powerful in the world, if they are powerful in the
The Iranian nation has confirmed that this is false.
Our nation has proven that the failure of America and other great countries will not only create progress, it also creates progress.
There are certain countries that have been destroyed by America.
We have such experiences. We have such experiences. We have such experiences. We have such experiences. We have such experiences. We have such experiences. We have such experiences. We have such expe
Whoever reads this, understands that lack of presence on the global countries is an opportunity for a nation and not a threat.
Thankfully the Iranian nation has achieved this opportunity.
We have done this previously and we saw its victory.
One example is the issue of the nuclear production of the Tehran Nuclear Research Center where the production of nuclear energy is produced by the Tehran Nuclear Research Center where the production
This small centre needs about fifty per cent of electricity, which we do not produce from foreign electricity.
They should respond to the national needs to prevent the Islamic Republic from preventing the Islamic Republic from accepting their decisions and needs.
However, before the situation arrived, our youth and scientists came together and produced the energy that was produced by our youth and scientists produced the energy that was produced by our youth
Our opponents did not think we could do this.
But the officials of our government understood this need and they strengthened the needs of the Iranian nation and we strengthened the security of the Iranian nation.
When they think that the Islamic Republic will come against them, the Islamic Republic will come against them, the Islamic Republic will come against them.
If our knowledge and youth do not do this, today if our youth and young people are not doing this, we have gone to the people who are against the Islamic Republic.
The officials of the country understood this and they did what they needed.
Therefore, we won. We should be the government system in all areas of the country. We should be the government system in all areas of the country. We should be the government system in all areas of t
The articles that they will write should be in this regard. If they do scientific research, they should be in this regard.
If they do industrial or scientific work, they should be in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to build the country so that it cannot be affected by the enemies.
We should preserve it. This is one of our economic necessities.
In a revolutionary economy, one of the main elements is to protect the economy against all the threats.
The economy should be aware of the threats. It should be aware of all the threats from the enemy.
This is the first thing that I should tell you.
The second point is that the Americans send messages to us various ways, saying that you should come to discuss on the issue of nuclear issues. They send messages to us various ways. They send messag
American officials and international officials, different times, tell us that you should come ahead of the 5+1 negotiations on the issue of nuclear issues, the US and the Republic of Iran.
What happened?
Because our experience shows that negotiations in America do not mean that negotiations in America mean that negotiations in America mean that negotiations in America mean that negotiations in Americ
What means conversation is to stay, discuss what we say.
Therefore, we have always announced that this is not a negotiation. This is not a negotiation.
I do not have any hope about these things, but I do not prevent them.
However, there are some points that should be considered:
First point is that the Americans often send messages to us, sometimes write and sometimes write messages, saying that we do not mean that we do not mean that we do not mean that we do not mean that
Our answer is that we do not believe if you are intending to establish the Islamic Republic or not. We do not believe that you are intending to transform the Islamic Republic.
When you wanted to establish the Islamic Republic, you could not do something in the future. You could not do something in the future. You could not do something in the future.
The second point is that the Americans have sent messages that we are in the issue of the negotiation.
We want to interview with you and a clear interview with you. That is to say, we want to interview with you and a clear interview with you.
I told you many times that we do not mean that we do not mean that we do not mean defense weapons, but you say you do not believe.
Why do we believe in what you say?
When you are not prepared to accept a righteous statement that is righteous, we will believe that we will believe in what you say.
Our understanding of the American recommendations that the Americans present is a method of disinforming the people of the world and the people of the country. The people of the world and the country
You should prove that this is not true.
How can you explain?
I would like to tell you that one of their methods is that sometimes they make reports that some people from the Leader have come to interview with the Leader.
This is a propaganda method and it is a falsehood.
Nobody of the Leader has still met with them.
The second point is that what we know, according to our experience and experience, America does not want to end this negotiation. What we know, is that America does not want to end this negotiation.
America does not want to stop the nuclear negotiations and resolve this problem. If they want to stop the nuclear negotiations and resolve this problem, if they want to stop the nuclear negotiations,
What Iran wants in the issue of nuclear production is that the world should accept its rights to the uranium, which is its right.
The most powerful countries in the world should believe that the Iranian nation is responsible for its health and security in the country.
Is this a great hope? This is what we always say. This is what we always say.
They say that we are hoping that you will go through the method of producing nuclear weapons.
They are the people of certain countries. They call themselves "global countries".
They say that the "global countries" are afraid.
No, the global countries are not faced with any problem.
Many countries are supporting the Islamic Republic and our needs. They do this because the need of the Iranian nation is a real need.
They can accept the rights of Iran to destroy urnium and to avoid this problem, they can implement the laws of the Nuclear Energy Commission (NEC).
When we fail to find a way to resolve the problem, the Americans will prevent themselves from going to this way of resolving the problem.
Their goal is that they want this issue to continue to continue to continue.
These challenges are, as they say, they cannot attack the Iranian nation. They cannot attack the Iranian nation.
The second and the last point is that if the Americans want to stop this issue, I will give them an opportunity.
This is the same way: The Americans should stop the security of the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want to end the problems between us - just like they say that we want to end the problems between Iran and America - they should continue to end the problems between Iran and America.
Three years ago, different American governments have created movements to threaten the Iranian nation and the people of the country. They have created movements to threaten the Iranian nation and the
Since the first year of the victory of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic Republic, they have shown us security.
In the arena of security, they designed programmes to defend our security, they destroyed our interests and supported our enemies for many years. They supported our enemies for many years.
Therefore, I call the officials of the US officials. If they are looking for a solution, they should change their policies and they should change their policies.
There is another issue that I need to mention is the issue of elections.
Elections in our country are a political symbol.
The elections are the symbol of political stability. The symbol of the Islamic Republic is the symbol of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is the symbol of the Islamic Republic.
Elections are the symbol of national determination and the symbol of Islamic democracy.
Therefore, because of the importance of the elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation are always trying to create fitna in the Iranian elections.
They designed programmes that would prevent people from participating in the elections, kill them and make them love.
During the years we have been holding elections - both parliamentary and presidential elections - our enemies have always tried to save the elections.
Let me say a few things during the elections. Of course there were two months and a few months.
However, I will speak about a few things.
First, the first point in the elections is that the presence of the people during the elections is very important.
The presence of the people during the elections can reduce the effects of the enemy's threats. It can harm the enemy's security and security of the country.
Our people should know that their presence during the elections will influence the future of the country. They should know that their presence during the elections will influence the future of the co
This is the first point. By Allah's favor, the election will be a great election which will be a great election.
The second point is that all parties and organizations who believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a responsibility for everybody and it is a responsibility for everybody.
Elections are not a single group or a political party.
All those who believe in the Islamic Republic and those who believe in the Islamic Republic and those who believe in the future of this country and those who believe in the future of this country sho
Revolution against elections is important for those who are opposed to this system.
The second point is that the result of the election is the result of the election.
You will conduct a survey of the candidates and advise the people who believe in the elections to find the best candidate for the election.
I do not have more than one vote.
I, just like all other people, have one vote, and this vote before I placed in the elections nobody knows who will be candidated.
Of course, the people who are opening the election campaigns may look at the writings and understand who I voted.
If someone says this, it is not true.
Of course during these days and the disappointing media - such as the telephonic messages that are sent to the people of the world - in these days and in these days and in these days and in these day
One person may send hundreds of messages.
I was reported that during the elections, thousands of messages were sent during the elections.
Therefore, you should not be influenced by these things.
Anybody or a political party can attract the attention of other people - no problem in this regard. But in this regard, there is no problem in this regard. But in this regard, there is no problem in
People can advise and help each other to find the best person.
The measure is the view and vote of the people.
The second point is that in the arena of elections and non-elections, everybody should respect the law. Everybody should respect the law.
The event that happened in 1388 - which had damaged and caused dangers for the country - was due to the lack of respect for the law that was implemented by the people of the Islamic Republic.
Maybe the view of the people is different from what I want, but I should respect this.
It is necessary to recognize what the majority of the people chose.
It is necessary to use these legislative methods.
We should call the people to a road conference because only what happened in 1388 was different from what we wanted.
This is a lesson for the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation will stand strong against it.
The second point is that everybody should know that what we need from the President of the country is the best things that we need from the president of the country.
Everybody should know that every president should have the best qualities that the president of the country has, but without the pain.
Everybody has its power and its determination.
The presidents of the country - both now and the future - have power and determination.
The new president should have the power of the government and the new president.
That is to say, in the governments which are coming, they should follow the path of progress and they should follow the path of progress.
Those people who are prepared to enter this arena should pay attention to God and the power of our nation.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings for this nation.
Dear God, make the day of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) be sacrificed for all of us.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on the birthday of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the souls of our martyrs.
Dear God, make the things that we have said because of Your path and Your path.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to extend my congratulations to the dear brothers and sisters in different areas of the country.
On the other hand, our meeting is a symbol of the importance of the economy in such a condition. On the other hand, our meeting is a symbol of the importance of the economy in such a condition.
We want that one day of Ramalana becomes one of our economic activities in the field of economic activities of the government, the economic activities of the government, the economic activities of th
This is the first thing. This is the first thing that has been delivered and will be presented at this summit.
This is a message to everybody - including economic officials, economic officials in all areas of the country, economic officials in all areas of the country, economic officials in all areas of the c
The second point which organized this conference made is that the organization of this conference managed to provide the opportunity for the non-government officials to participate in this conference
I do not say that it is necessary to speak about the progress that has been made. I believe that it is necessary to speak about the progress that has been made. I believe that it is necessary to spea
I would like to tell you that I have a relationship with the people. They do not know about these progress.
These things that I have written in different areas - which I have written in different areas - will be reported in different areas. These things that I have written in different areas - will be repo
The great activities are continuing in the country and this is a privilege for the Iranian nation.
The progress of the Iranian nation is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made good progress in terms of production, in terms of services, in terms of agriculture, in terms of agriculture, in terms of scientific and other scientific areas.
It is possible to feel this from different officials who are not government officials. This will increase the power of the people.
All of us should know that today one of the methods of war by the enemies of the Iranian nation is to kill the people. I hope that today one of the methods of war by the enemies of the Iranian nation
Anything that is said should not be contrary to hope and determination.
It is necessary to feel that we have achieved some progress. For example, we have achieved some progress. For example, we have achieved some progress. For example, we have achieved some progress.
First, we designed the year 1390 as the Year of Economic Development.
The policy of the arrogant powers is to damage the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in the arena of economic activities.
Although they criticized the issue of nuclear energy to impose economic sanctions, this is false. The issue of nuclear energy is not the reason for these sanctions.
You may remember that when they issued the first sanction (the first sanction) which was the first sanction that was imposed on the country, there were no sanctions that were imposed on the country.
Although it is not an important sanction, its name is currently known as the "D'Amato" sanction - which is commonly known as the "D'Amato" sanction - which is commonly known as the "D'Amato" sanction
The goal of the sanctions is to destroy the economy of the Iranian country.
But it is proud that the Iranian nation has been opposed to these sanctions for the past two years.
Of course, the sanctions have been implemented in different countries, but due to the progress of different countries in the country, these sanctions have not been implemented in different countries.
Therefore, it should be prepared. It should be prepared for it. It should be prepared for it. It should be prepared for it. It should be prepared for it. It should be prepared for it. It should be pr
This requires economic jihad.
Every movement is called jihad.
This is a movement which is called jihad.
The movement to face such a strong effort is one of the essential necessities of jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
Therefore, economic jihad means a movement that is continued with the goal of the Iranian nation with the goal of killing the enemy.
Another issue is that in the progressive programme - which is a very important programme for the future of the country - we have prepared a progressive programme for the future of the country towards
Of course, the other nations will not look at us to be the first. They are also continuing their movements.
Of course we do not use some methods and we will not use them. We do not use the best methods and we will not use them. But we do not use the best methods and we will not use them. But we do not use
Therefore, this issue needs jihad.
This effort should be strong and there should be ideas in order to achieve the first position.
The issue of achieving the first position is not a situation that we will achieve the first position. No, because the future of nations depends on the fact that the future of nations is dependent on
If a country in the arena of economy, in the arena of knowledge, in the arena of knowledge, in the arena of scientific, in the arena of progress, in the arena of education and in the arena of progres
We do not want to destroy us.
Two years ago our country is suffering from disinformation and violence.
The harassment of the illegitimate rulers and their efforts against the enemies is the reason for this disinformation.
Since the year 1800, the England first intervened in the political organizations of the country for the first time in the political organizations of the country.
The year 1800 was the first Indian ambassador in the country - who was coming from India. That is to say, when the Indian government was under the Indian government. That is to say, when the Indian g
All these honorable prophets, royals and others have always been sent to this person. The enemies and their communities began in this country. The enemies and their communities began in this country.
We do not want this continue.
The Islamic Revolution created a strong power for them.
We want this movement to become more powerful.
We should not let them be active in our economy, our culture, our politics and our future.
One of the foundations of this international power is economy.
This is why we say we should be the first position.
This is not the case that Iran should be the first people in this region. No because the future of our nation is dependent on this.
Therefore, it is necessary to make efforts and efforts in order to influence the children in this regard. It is necessary to make efforts and influence the children in order to influence the children
We have heard this and we see the progress of the country during the Revolution.
What happened in our country before the victory of the Revolution, nobody would think that this would happen before the victory of the Islamic Revolution.
The same is true of water but in different areas. The events that are happening in the country are other areas. The events that are happening in the country are other areas. The events that are happe
I would like to say this because of my knowledge about different areas of the country where our youth cannot benefit from different areas of the country where our youth cannot benefit from.
This is a very important point.
The economic power of our country is very important.
I have said one day that if we compare the number of benefits of our country to the number of our people and the global number of people in the world, we see that if we compare the number of benefits
The majority of the people of our country is more than one per cent of the people of the world. The majority of the people of our country is more than one per cent of the people of the world.
These are very important areas and valuable things.
This is true of the issue of water loss in our country. We have a low water loss in our country. We have a low water loss in our country. We have a low water loss in our country. We have a low water
Therefore, the country has great benefits.
The same is true of our location and our region.
We are a very important point.
The relationship between two coasts and the relationship between Asia and Europe, we have a very important region between Asia and Europe. We have a very important region between Asia and Europe.
These are good things for us.
As we said, we have achieved only one of the three years of our national development programme.
That is to say, a three-year programme was completely developed. This year is the first year of the third programme.
There have been many activities in the fifty-year programme.
According to the report, there were very important activities. However, there were very important activities. However, there were very important activities. However, there were very important activit
The policies announced in the arena of transformation of the national resources, the policies announced in the arena of labor, the policies announced in the arena of labor, the policies announced in
If we can make these programmes as described, we will benefit from the opportunities and benefits that have been described in the past.
These policies can create unity and establish an economic movement.
Of course some of the goals were not achieved in the thirty-year system, there were different reasons for it. There were different reasons for it, including the fact that there were different reasons
Issues such as reduction of 8 per cent, reduction of investment prices, reduction of investment prices and reduction of investment prices — are these things that have been considered in the country
This is what we need to make more efforts in this five-year programme.
According to what said in this bill, we should review the arena of government ownership and economic activities of the government.
What is the goal? What is the goal? What is the goal? What is the goal? What is the goal? What is the goal? What is the goal?
They estimated that the need for investment during these five years was about 160 billion yearly.
This is necessary.
In the arena of the policy of Section 44, we have made good actions but it is necessary to increase capacities. It is necessary to increase capacities. It is necessary to increase capacities. It is n
There are always good work and there are always different work and there are always different work and there are always different work and there are always different work and there are always differe
I have been speaking about the issue of fighting against the economy.
When I speak about this issue, certain people come to me and say that the statements you say on the issue of economic crisis will threaten the people.
I said they were different from what you said, this would help them enter.
Anybody who wants to achieve healthy food and achieve healthy activities that have been approved by the judiciary, if he knows that the government will not be approved by the government, he will not
We are against the shareholders of government money and those who are using the opportunities. We should be against the shareholders of government money and those who are using the opportunities.
All the economic ministers and economic officials are at this place.
They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said. They heard what they said.
We should not let the things that have been said here.
Although Mr Tawakkuli said that there were no important things that were not said why there were no important things that were said why there were no important things that were said why there were no
If we consider these recommendations, these are good suggestions that can be reviewed and appropriately. There are many things that have been said in the past. There are many things that have been sa
First, the issue of assistance is the foundation of the economy. The economy is the foundation of the economy. The economy is the foundation of the economy. The economy is the foundation of the econo
Regarding the issue of the government in the arena of digital production and the activities that have been made in this regard, it is necessary to identify the issue of the government in this regard.
Of course some of the government officials who we talked with us believed that there was no need for this 30 per cent.
This may be the case in certain areas, but the production sector needs government organizations.
There are some parts of the country that have affected the sanctions, both inside or in another way that the sanctions have affected them.
But the manufacturers also have a responsibility in this regard: increasing the use of energy, increasing the use of energy, increasing the use of energy, increasing the use of energy and increasing
Some of the government officials told me that some of the companies did not do anything to improve their equipment.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue.
Of course, the government should pay attention to this issue. The government should pay attention to the assistance of the government.
There is something that should be presented. But there is something that should be presented. There is something that should be presented. There is something that should be presented.
It is necessary to face this issue with all the power to face this issue with all the power to fulfill their work.
The second point is the issue of importation. I have spoken with officials on the issue of importation. I have spoken with officials on the issue of importation.
Nobody is opposed to importation, but it is necessary to determine the conditions of importation.
The example that we should not let us leave some time — for example after Eid — that something has been lost in the market, is not a great reason that will make us focus on the market.
It is necessary to consider the products that are produced in the home.
Of course it was said that importation would help international production. If importation was not imported from foreign production, if importation was not imported from foreign production production
In my opinion, this is not a strong reason.
The issue of importation of foreign products, especially for agricultural products. In my opinion, the issue of importation from foreign products requires strong reasons.
We have good products in the arena of agriculture.
One of the teachers presented a report on the use of farm farming.
Our country is one of the most prominent countries in the world.
We should increase the production.
We should import these agricultural products to the world to see what there is in Iran. We should not import these products from the world to see what there is in Iran. We should not import these pro
The second point is the issue of exporting products to foreign countries.
The government is responsible to assist the importers.
As one brother mentioned - as one brother mentioned - the production of our non-oil products has been increasing and increasing in the past few years.
We should pay attention to the position that we can achieve through oil production.
One of the great problems that are faced by our economy and all the economy of our country is one of the great problems that are faced by our economy.
I have said last year - of course during that time the government officials did not believe in this reality - we should achieve a position in which we can achieve a position in which we should achiev
You should see what will happen in the world.
Today we cannot do this because we need these investments.
Whenever the economy of the country is dependent on petroleum investments, the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic of Iran will benefit from petroleum investments, the Iranian nation and the Isla
We should achieve this. We should achieve this. We should achieve this. We should achieve this. We should achieve this.
In this regard, the importers and their officials are responsible for their responsibilities. The importers and their officials are responsible for their responsibilities.
There are many companies in the world who have been producing products and selling to consumers for more than half decades.
For example, a company in Germany or Switzerland has been producing and selling products for up to six decades. They have been producing and selling products for up to six decades.
Why?
The importers should consider these things.
This needs a tradition. Tradition and quality in the products that are produced in foreign and international products.
The issue of fighting terrorism against economy is also very important.
If this disinformed person does not have a disinformed person in the government who can help him, he will not have the opportunity to destroy the economy.
Therefore, government officials have a responsibility to prevent economic development in government organizations.
For example, when you know that a disease has happened in the farm, there will be no grace and blessings in your farm.
This is true of economic development.
If you hear a sign of economic development - I speak to the officials of the government officials - you should not be aware of this. You should not be aware of the officials of the government officia
The pandemic against the economy is one of the most threatening and increasing diseases. Therefore, it is necessary to pay attention to this issue.
One of the things that is necessary is to develop a complete plan for the development of unity, which we mentioned in the Section 44 of the Islamic Revolution.
We need a complete policy in the arena of unity.
According to one brother mentioned this, according to one brother, this can be achieved by the banks.
The first point is to pay attention to the issue of investment opportunities in the country for the investors.
That is to say, the investors should know where there is opportunity to invest. They should know where there is opportunity to invest.
Those who have stories will be dangerous.
Information should be available to everybody.
Of course it is necessary to explain everything in the past. Of course in the past governments that have been presented, in the past governments that have been presented, in the past governments that
It is necessary to make more efforts in this arena.
There are some things that I have written, but when the prayer ends, I will follow them.
I hope that this movement will make people who love our country, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic and the people who love our country, the Islamic Republic and the people who love our count
The slogan that we presented last year should be combined with the issue of strengthening efforts and efforts to strengthen the economy.
We hope everybody will make more efforts.
The future of our country is a good future. The future of our country is a good future.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, determination and power in this country.
This country has many opportunities to name itself as the third country in the world.
Throughout our history, our cultural power, our power and national benefits are all these things.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic R
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise be upon Allah the Exalted and peace be upon our Lord and Prophet Abul Kasim al-Mustafa Mohammad (s.w.a.) and his magnanimous souls.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me the opportunity to understand the position of this beautiful place.
I would like to congratulate all the brothers and sisters who participated in this place and the beginning of the New Year.
This public meeting is an example of the Iranian nation. On this day, our dear people from different parts of the country all participated in this meeting. On this day, our dear people from different
There are also brothers and sisters from Mashhad.
I would like to congratulate everybody and congratulate them.
The Iranian Nurouz Festival is an opportunity for all Iranian people and Muslims in other countries to celebrate this festival.
Islamic view is that we should try to use all the opportunities to achieve human progress in order to achieve human progress in order to achieve human progress in order to achieve human progress.
We should inform ourselves the great Islamic goals.
During these days, there is an opportunity to share social media, return to Allah the Exalted, hearing good speeches from others and hearing good speeches from other people.
The truth is that during the past decades, especially when the establishment of the Islamic Republic in Iran, the people of our country have celebrated the Norouz festival.
What confirms this is that if you take a look at the New Year’s end, you see that most people are coming together in religious seminaries and ceremonies.
This means that the Iranian nation is trying to use this symbol as a religious use.
We should learn this example in all areas and we should use Norouz to increase the knowledge we have, and we should use Norouz to increase the knowledge we have, and we should use Norouz to increase
I hope Allah the Exalted will help all of us and all the Iranian nation.
Today in this opportunity that Allah the Exalted provides, I will speak about two issues.
The first point is about the events that were done in the year 1389. We see that in the year 1389 the Iranian nation and the officials of the Iranian nation and the officials of the Islamic Republic
The second point is about the events that are happening in this region. The events that are happening in the Middle East, the events that are happening in North Africa and the events that are happeni
First of all, I can say that the name of the year 1389 - that is to say, the name of the year 1389 - has been carefully considered by the Islamic Republic of Iran and the Islamic Republic of Iran and
Of course these great efforts will be understood in the future. Of course these efforts will be understood in the future. But in the first view of the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution will
This can be seen in various areas.
Let’s start with the issue of knowledge and technology.
In the beginning of the year 1389, I had the opportunity to visit one of the most important industries of the country. I had the opportunity to visit one of the most important industries of the count
Today the progress of scientific and technological achievements in the country is more than what is reported to the people. I can say that the progress of the country is more than what is reported to
Since recent years, this great scientific movement has been made in different areas which has been made every day.
One day I read a quote from an Imam (r.a.) who said, "Knowledge is power." I read a quote from an Imam (r.a.) who said, "Knowledge is power." I read a quote from an Imam (r.a.) who said, "Knowledge i
Therefore, knowledge and technology have such characteristics.
Today the movement of our country in the arena of knowledge and technology, especially in innovative areas.
In different areas: environmental science, environmental technology, environmental technology, environmental technology, environmental technology, environmental technology, environmental technology,
According to my Nurouz message today, different international research organizations showed that your country is among the most popular countries in the world.
There are two important points that are important in the issue of knowledge and technology.
First point is that most of the scientists who are working in this arena are young.
The years of these scientific scientists should be focused on these youth. There are many youth who are mostly young. There are many youth who are mostly young. There are many youth who are mostly yo
The first point is that the people who do these great activities have a spiritual spirit. They have a spiritual spirit. They have a spiritual spirit. They have a spiritual spirit. They have a spiritu
Investment is the power of the people. This is what our country has.
Our youth are continuing this work with determination and they believe that all these actions that are the foundations of the progress of the country are the foundations of the progress of the countr
The first point of the progress of knowledge is that the collection of knowledge, technology, production and selling of knowledge - which is very important for the Islamic Ummah.
This is to say, knowledge is produced and transferred to technology and transferred to the markets of the world. This is to say, knowledge is produced and transferred to the markets of the world.
This transforms the path of scientific production to national money and benefits from the needs of the people.
Our dear people should know that economists - including those whose economic viewpoint is comparable to the economic viewpoint of the government, or those whose economic viewpoint is comparable to th
Interesting in this arena is very difficult and the arenas to achieve this arena have not been established.
Thankfully, this work is still starting.
And the unity between the government and the people is very good.
The movement of the people in this arena is very good. The movement of the people in this arena is very good.
First of all, the goal of this movement is to divide the government’s meetings among the people with justice.
This is a great step towards guaranteeing social justice.
Another goal is to produce the country's natural resources, including water and energy.
Two years ago, we named the year "The Year of International Resources".
This is one of the ways that we can change the way we use our national resources at the right time. This is one of the ways that we can change the way we use our national resources.
Over the past few months, this programme has been carried out over the past few months that has been carried out over the past few months. This programme has been carried out over the past few months
This is what the Islamic Revolution has said that the Islamic Revolution has said that the Islamic Revolution has said that the Islamic Revolution has said that the Islamic Revolution has said that t
This is one of the benefits that we have achieved and by Allah's favor, this is one of the benefits that we have achieved in the future. By Allah's favor, this is one of the benefits that we have ach
One of the achievements that show strengthening efforts in the economy is to increase the production of non-oil products.
Of course our budget has been based on oil for many years.
This is what all economists have done in our country. This is what all economists have done in our country. This is what they have done in our country. This is what they have done in our country.
I have said that one of my hopes is that one of my hopes is that one of my hopes is that we can make this country without selling ourselves.
It is not a very easy job, it is very difficult.
Increasing the number of products that are sold with non-oil products will help us achieve our goals.
Several great activities were carried out in this arena.
One of the factors that ensures strong efforts in the arena of economic activities is that the government has imposed sanctions in the arena of economic activities in the arena of economic activities
Since the beginning of 1389, they increased their sanctions against Iran.
They say that the sanctions for five to six months will bring about six months and six months. They say that the sanctions for five months will bring about six months and six months will bring about
They think that through these sanctions they will make the situation more difficult for the Iranian nation and that they will make the situation more difficult for the Iranian nation.
The sanctions have been carried out in order to fight against these sanctions with the enemies.
Enemies have managed to achieve their goals through these sanctions.
Today the people of western countries say that imposing sanctions against Iran is not useful.
One of the problems of our work is this. We are the producer of oil, but we export from foreign oil.
They say that this is the part of the Islamic Republic and we will not let water incurred.
Because of their sanctions, our officials made efforts. They made efforts and we became not necessary to import oil.
This is what I heard from the hearts of these experts during my visit to Esfand in the early month of Esfand.
They told me that we wanted to build this machine and they said that you are under sanctions, they said that you are under sanctions, they would not give us to us. We found that we were under sanctio
We returned home, we tried to think, we tried to create this machine without foreign interests.
According to the government report, in 1389, there were about six million labor stations in the year 1389. If this report is true, there were about six million labor stations in the year 1389.
In the arena of production of houses in rural cities, in the arena of production of houses in cities, in the arena of digital messaging, in the arena of digital messaging, in the arena of digital mes
This is the economic arena.
There have been many activities in the other areas, but when we have it, we will only lose them.
Thankfully, the year 1389 was the year of efforts and efforts. Thankfully, this year was the year of determination and efforts. Thankfully, this year was the year of efforts and efforts.
Of course the year 1389 does not have any characteristics. This year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this year, this yea
The Iranian nation and all the officials of the government officials should be careful and effortful in order to promote the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic.
But according to scientists, the issue of economy is more important than the issue of economy.
If our great country makes a great movement in the arena of economy, this great movement will be combined with the movement that will be combined with the movement that will be made in the future.
What is important in this regard is to achieve progress according to the principles of the Five Year Development Plan. That is to say, the country should achieve progress according to the principles
A great portion will depend on our power in order to use the power that we have in the country at the right time.
Two years ago, in this New Year’s speech, I spoke about the issue of oil and the problems of the country’s natural resources.
People should understand these things.
I call the officials of the country to inform the people the needs of strengthening the economic progress of the country. They should explain the importance of increasing the economic progress of the
This level is not what we want. Islam does not accept this.
They should make careful efforts to achieve the achievements described in the five-year programme of development.
The reduction of labor and increasing labor standards in the country are one of the most important and important issues.
Increasing the investment of investors and the assistance of the investors to achieve investment in the country’s economy, also increases the assistance of investors to invest in the country’s ec
It is necessary to create laws.
This means supporting progress.
Today our country is one of the main benefits of the country, including the use of water. Today our water is one of the main benefits of the country. Today our water is one of the main benefits of th
Take a look at what will happen if the government manages to replace the water road and if the government manages to replace the four-percent percent of the water road and if the government manages t
In addition to the agricultural sectors - industrial use, industrial industry and other sectors that need water - the majority of the agricultural sectors that require water, the majority of the sect
In fact, the use of water in the arena of non-agricultural activities will be two times. This is a very important and important issue.
The integration of the people into economic issues is necessary.
If we want to make this great economic movement in the year 1390, there are some things that should be done.
I will present a list of the needs that are necessary.
First, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the beginning of the Revolution since the beginning of the Revolution, our nation has continued to progress. We see this at the beginning of the Revolution. We see this at the beginning of the
If we have a spirit of jihad in different areas - that is to say, working for God and working for the children - then we will have a spirit of jihad in different areas. We will have a spirit of jihad
The second is to strengthen the power of spirituality, faith and religious intelligence in the society.
Everybody should know this. Everybody should know this. Everybody should know this. Everybody should know this.
It is not possible to think that the effect of religious spirituality in the hearts of the youth only during religious seminaries or during the Friday seminary.
If the youth of a society become religious, they will avoid fascination. They will avoid fascination. They will avoid fascination. They will avoid fascination. They will avoid fascination. They will
The same is true of the economy.
Religious capabilities play a very important role.
The second requirement is that there are other elements in this country that should be careful. You see, there are other elements in this country that should be careful. You see, there are other elem
This would look like an airport traveling with people traveling to a specific place, even when a small thing happened.
Therefore, it should not be involved in the arena.
Another necessity is to maintain unity and national understanding.
Today there is unity between the people and the government officials. They love their officials. They love their officials. They love their officials. They love their officials. They love their offic
One of the greatest attempts of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to create internal discord. They create internal discord. They create internal discord. They create internal discord.
It is proud that our nation is first at the beginning.
All those who love their country and love the religious democracy which is a great blessing for the Iranian nation - should ensure that this is a great blessing for the Iranian nation.
This is true of the government officials. They should try to identify if there is a difference between them. They should try to identify if there is a difference between them.
I would like to appreciate the government officials on this issue.
The most important issue of the world is through discussion. These small issues are not important.
I would like to remember this issue. I would like to remember this issue. Sometimes this is the name of Tehran and the cities of other cities.
This does not have any use.
Sometimes there are lots of money, what is the necessity of this?
What I hope for the people and the government officials should hear this statement, and they should make efforts to ensure that it is valid.
There is no need to do a lot of activities that would be spent many money.
Of course, taking into account of the issue of economy does not mean that we should eliminate other aspects.
In other areas, especially in the arena of scientific and technological arenas, it is necessary to assist these youth in the arena of scientific and technological arenas.
However, the events that have been happening in the region - Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - the events that have been happening in the region. The events that have been happening in the region -
There is a great change in this region of Muslims and Arabs. This is the symbol of Islamic revolution.
This issue that has been named for many years in the Islamic Republic of Iran has been present in the life of countries. There are certain characteristics of the Islamic Republic. There are certain c
These are two fundamental points.
The presence of people in the arena is the same thing that happened during the Islamic Revolution.
Organizations, parties and those who live on the terrain and in great houses have managed to do everything.
The greatest technique of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) is that he made the opportunity to enter the arena.
Today this is the same thing that is happening in the Arab countries.
In Egypt or Tunisia, the people are interested in the arena. If not, they are interested in the arena, they are interested in the arena.
They were the people who entered the arena and their religious goals were religious.
The following is the prayers of Friday, prayers of the Name of God, religious people, religious scholars, religious people and religious people in different countries.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
Why did they come?
In Egypt, Tunisia, and other countries, these prophets and honorable leaders have blocked the people with their monotheism.
For example, Egyptians see that their president, in order to fulfill the needs of the terrorist Zionist regime, does the most difficult things.
If Hosni Mubarak did not collaborate with the Islamic Republic of Gaza, Israel would not be able to do such things.
However, Hosni Mubarak entered the arena, helped, and closed the path of expression and flow from Egypt.
When he learned that the people of Gaza are traveling throughout the country and that they are traveling throughout the country and that they are traveling throughout the country in order to prevent
This was what Hosni Mubarak did.
This can be seen in other countries.
For example, in Libya, although during his first years of his rule, Gaddafi showed that during his first years of his rule, he showed that during his first years of his rule, he showed that during hi
The Libyan people see that from the beginning of a threat, they see that from the beginning of a threat, they see that from the beginning of a threat, they see that from the beginning of a threat.
You should look at the position of our nation and they are active.
But the officials of our country do not just follow the programme, but the programme is done every year.
It is possible to see such violence in all these countries in all these countries.
This is what is important for us.
After these events, they did not understand the issue, they did not know the people.
Of course, the same things that have been seen from America on these countries and other countries is the support of the false leaders. They have supported the false leaders. They have supported the
This is a lesson for leaders who use America to understand that when their use is defeated and they do not have any use for them, they will understand that when they do not have any use for them.
What happened to Western countries and America is a thing that they will not accept.
Egypt is one of the foundations of the Western policy. They based on this policy.
But they managed to preserve this structure to continue its use.
If the people are in the first place, they can remove this movement and destroy their movement.
The Americans have tried to see that since they lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunisia, they should defend their government.
By Allah's favor, America will continue to suffer in this region.
After they lost their people in these countries, they made two things that they wanted to do: the first is waiting, the second is waiting.
They have suffered a lot in this work.
The second is to compare this. This means to create the events that happened in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya in other countries.
It is the first thing that they do is to defend the rights of the people.
Our dear people understand that the President of the Iranian nation has made a message to the Iranian nation saying: "We are your supporters!"
They do not only protect other nations, but their nations are not protected by their nations.
The President of the United States has used thousands of thousands of people in the economic crisis that America is suffering from.
It comes to people to build companies, to build banks, to build banks and to build banks. They do not believe even their nations.
Today the American nation is suffering from economic problems and they do not have any opportunities.
In addition to prisons such as Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib in Iraq and different other places that are killing people in different countries, there are various places that are killing people in different
People do not understand these things and do not know them.
Does the new president know what he said?
Is he really known about the people who are moving towards his political movement?
He said that the people who are on the Azadi (freedom) shop in Tehran are the people who are on the Egyptian freedom shop.
This is true of the fact that every 22th of Bahman every year, the slogan that they say is "Allah the Exalted" and the slogan that they say is "Allah the Exalted".
In regard to the events that are happening in the region, the position of the Islamic Republic of Iran is clear.
Our position is to support nations and their rights.
This is the position of the Islamic Republic. This is the great position of the Islamic Republic.
Our policy is this. Our hearts are these, our views are these, our views are these, our views are these, our views are these, our views are these, both from people and from government officials.
There are two places that should be careful here: the first is Libya and the second is Bahrain.
In terms of Libya, we are always proud of the Libyan government and the killings of the people and the killings of the people and the killings of the people and the killings of the people.
They think that we were in Libya to defend the people or to make military attacks, this is not acceptable.
If they are supporters of the Libyan nation, if they are supporters of the Libyan people, if they are supporters of the Libyan nation, they are supporters of the Libyan nation.
If you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to help them, if you want to he
Therefore, if you stay sitting and seeing how the people are killed, you will enter. You will enter not for the defense of the people. You will enter not for the defense of the people. You will enter
You want to establish a place where you can establish your capabilities in the future of the Revolution in Egypt and Tunisia.
Your intentions are very difficult.
The United Nations should be a service for the nations. The United Nations should be a service for the people. The United Nations should be a service for the people.
This is a disappointment for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreign armed forces and the presence of foreign armed forces is not acceptable.
If you want to help the Libyan nation, you can help the people and the people of the country to resolve the challenges. You can help the people and the people of the country to resolve the challenges
Their major need is to have elections, each person should have one vote. Is this a great need?
Is this a great hope? Of course there are elections in Bahrain, but in fact the people have no right to vote in the meaning of the country and they do not have the right to vote in the meaning of the
Then the western countries used this opportunity to confront the issues of the region through promoting a new idea.
Because the people of Bahrain are Shia and nobody has the right to support them.
The radio stations that promote the events in this region, but they did not speak about the issue of Bahrain and they did not speak about what is happening in the region.
And some people from the Palestinian countries - both politicians and journalists - came to say that the issue of Bahrain is a difficult issue. They said that the issue of Bahrain is a difficult issu
The disappointment of a nation is like the events that happened in Tunisia, Egypt, Masar and the events that happened in Egypt and the events that happened in Egypt and the events that happened in Eg
Americans are happy that they managed to call this issue as a discord between Shia and Sunni through their media and propaganda.
They say that there is another reason why the Iranians support the people of Bahrain.
We supported all of them.
We have been supporting the Palestinian people for the past two years. A country, a government, a nation and a nation have given them the support that Iran has given them.
Do the Palestinians are Shia?
Our youth traveled to the airport to give them the opportunity to travel to Gaza!
They are prepared to go to Gaza and war with Israel.
We said they should not go.
Our people expressed their support to Gaza, Palestine, Masar, Tunisia. They are not Shia.
Therefore, it is not an issue of Shia or Sunni.
The issue of Bahrain is trying to describe the issue of Shia and Sunni issues.
It is clear that some people who are thought that they have no goals and that they have no goals and that they have no goals and that they have no goals and that they have no goals and that they have
If there is hope in this issue, I would like to tell them that this issue is not Shia and Sunni. This is a great service for America. This is a great service for America. This is a great service for
We have no difference between Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Masar, Bahrain, Yemen.
Any social movement such as Islam and freedom will be supported.
The greatest mistake of America is that Bahrain and Saudi have not seen the international importance of the war against the country’s international policies, but they have not seen the importance o
Is this opposition to foreign affairs is an international country?
The call of a government that should not kill your people, but the introduction of foreign transportation to foreign transportation to foreign transportation to foreign transportation transportation
Americans have a distance of hundreds of kilometers from this region.
Anybody who does such things makes a mistake.
What I would like to say, is that by Allah's favor, a new movement has been made in the region.
As Allah promised, this movement will succeed.
The Iranian nation is faithful and proud that they started this movement and they are proud that they started this movement.
The youth who came did not see this Revolution. But if they were lower than the youth of that time, they would not fail.
Dear God, bestow Your grace and blessings on this dear nation.
You should continue to serve the people of this nation and this movement and the Islamic movement.
Dear God, make the heart of the Imam of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) satisfied with us.
By Allah the Exalted, make the souls of the martyrs and our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) believe in us. Make the souls of our martyrs and our Imam (r.a.) believe in us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic R
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise be upon Allah, the Lord of the World, and blessings be upon our Lord of the World, and blessings be upon our Lord of the World, and blessings be upon our Lord of the World, and blessings b
I would like to welcome the dear brothers and sisters of the country, and I hope Allah the Exalted will make this movement a great movement for our country. I hope Allah the Exalted will make this mo
We are thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us the opportunity to join us and organize this interesting conference on the issues of the Islamic Revolution.
I would like to divide my statements into two areas: the first area of remembering which I first needed it and managed to remember it. The first area of remembering which I was the first area of reme
The second point, which is the first point, which is the first point, which is the first point, which is the first point, which is the first point, which is the first point, which is the first point.
The former Hajj Mirza Jawad Agha Maliki Tabrizi - the famous philosopher and philosopher of the Islamic Revolution - said in his book ‘Al-Murakabat’ that the Islamic Revolution is the most import
What he said is that prayer is not just a responsibility but a responsibility that requires respect for it." That is to say, prayer is a responsibility that requires respect for it.
One of the most important characteristics of these characteristics is that what is more important than all other characteristics is that what is more important than all other characteristics is that
This thought is one of the types of thoughts that reveals the truth and the truth of the person.
The years are the main resource of a person.
All blessings are obtained through this life - which is the days of your life - and this is a money that can give him sacrifices for future and future. This is a money that can give him sacrifices fo
Therefore, we should think about this life and how the years are passing.
We should feel how our days and lessons are moving.
We have continued to consider how life is going. ‘Life is like a canker which is floating in the heat of the night".
This investment is going because this investment is everything for us. This investment is everything for us. This investment is everything for us and this investment is everything for us.
Why do we use it, why do we use it?
Thinking about death, meeting with the teacher of death, meeting with the teacher of death and meeting with the teacher of death.
What will our hearts be at that time? What will our hearts be at that time? These are the things that we should think.
Another area I think is this prayer.
The prayers that were prayed from the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) are very interesting. He said in the book of Al-Muraqabat, "The prayers that were prayed from the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) are very interestin
Therefore, these prayers are very important.
This is the second prayer for those who have not heard and remembered those who have not heard: it is the second prayer for those who have not heard and those who have not heard and those who have no
At the beginning of this prayer, Allah the Exalted, bestow my sacrifices on Muhammad and the sacrifices of Muhammad's (s.w.a.) sons, and bestow my sacrifices on the sacrifices of the sacrifices of th
What does you mean that you make me collect the sacrifices of the magnanimous and faithful people?
Dear God, present me the collection of the fearful people in some areas: first of all, "in promoting justice". We should be able to promote justice in some areas. We should be able to promote justice
The fear of God is one of the foundations of this fear of God.
Sometimes a person becomes a different person (who has no public responsibility in their responsibilities), the frustration which will affect your brother and sister.
When you are frustrated against a group or organization and say something, the effect of your frustration and the frustration of a person who is not responsible for the responsibility of a person who
We should not do anything with fear.
Dear God, save us our deaths and destructions in our events...(4)
Destroying the security power.
Everybody should make efforts to destroy this wave.
Why do we always speak to brothers, government officials, government officials, government officials, government officials, government officials, government officials, government officials, governmen
Sometimes a speech will not only destroy the water but it will increase its power.
We should not let our work, our nature, our words and our statements and our words should not let our people from the path. We should not let our people from the path. We should not let our work, our
We should not divide those who have different relationships with this system.
If there is a difference between people, we should try to separate them.
When an official does a good job, try to describe this.
We have spoken many times on this issue.
This is the second part of this prayer. This is the second part of this prayer. I would like to speak about six parts of this prayer.
We hope Allah the Exalted will bestow His blessings on us.
These are part of the fear of God.
This is the first point that I want to speak about.
The second section is a further example of the conditions of the country.
The report by the Honorable President is a very important report. There are some important issues in the report. There are some important issues in the report. There are some important issues in the
I would like to explain something about the situation of the country, which is very important for us.
Why is it important?
First, understanding the situation of the country and where we should pay attention to where we should pay attention to where we should pay attention to where we should pay attention to where we shou
First of all, the conditions of this region are difficult.
The Islamic Revolution and the great events that have happened in this region have never been seen since the beginning of the Revolution.
If a nation like the Egyptian nation made a great movement, established a government and transformed itself into an Islamic nation, it would become an Islamic nation. If a nation made a great movemen
We have been in such a situation which creates a difficult situation for the Islamic Republic.
The economic problems that the western governments of the powerful powers of the west are very great. And the economic problems that the western governments of the powerful powers of the west are ver
The opinions of western politicians about the economic problems that America and certain Western countries have faced with the crisis of the economic problems that America and other Western countries
Intellectual and political organizations, politicians and programmers in the global media — who are often the media and mainstream media — are often the media and mainstream media — who are oft
If there is a time to discuss this issue, I will discuss this issue until the end of my speech.
One other point is the growth of terrorism and terrorist activities in West and especially in Europe, especially in Europe.
He also attacked two Muslim countries.
There are some things that they want to do, but Allah the Exalted has not given them the opportunity to do so.
These are very important points.
The event that happened in Norway should not be considered as an easy event.
We should take a look at our situation and see what we are doing.
If we do not understand this opportunity, if we do not understand this opportunity, if we do not understand this opportunity, if we do not understand this opportunity, if we do not understand this op
Sometimes losing an opportunity is a threat.
Therefore, it is not possible to take a look at the events that are happening in the country with this view.
But we should not make any mistakes. We should not make any mistakes. We should not make any mistakes. We should not make any mistakes. We should not make any mistakes. We should not make any mistake
The same is true of media and other social media.
When a person says why do you say this, they will say you do not let us talk about the truth.
You say that this is an insult to the truth. We just want to say the truth. No, this is an effort to destroy the realities.
I look at about five to six newspapers each day.
Some of these newspapers every day have stories which each of them can bring about the heart of a painful person.
We do not accuse somebody, but this is a real mistake.
This is the same.
It is necessary to look at the best area of power with the best area of power with the best area of power with the best area of power with the best area of power with the best area of power.
It is necessary to do the things that the government can do and the things that the government can do.
Therefore, if we want to understand the realities of the country, we should rely on power and power.
Today I will deliver a detailed explanation on this issue, but it is necessary to make clear action in this regard.
These good things will show us the opportunities and opportunities we have in this country.
They show us what we should do and what we should do.
When we put these things in collaboration with each other, we will understand what we should do.
I wrote six things that have been made over the past five years of the Islamic Republic over the past six years.
The first thing that the system provides is one of the best things that the system provides. The first thing that the system provides is the victory against different threats.
Over the past two decades, we have faced different threats - political threats, security threats, economic threats - the goal of these threats is to prevent these threats. The goal of these threats i
They wanted to destroy this government, but it was not easy for them. They wanted to destroy the foreign system and they wanted to destroy the country.
This system has been successful against all these threats.
Some of these things were designed by foreign countries, like the issue of sanctions.
The sanctions have been imposed for many years, but recently they say that the sanctions have been imposed in the past few years. They say that the sanctions have been imposed in the past few years.
Sometimes through the United Nations - which has the opportunity to impose these sanctions - and sometimes through the United Nations - which has the opportunity to impose these sanctions.
These are things that have a relationship with foreign countries.
There are also some threats that are caused by international events. Although the enemies used these threats, the enemies used these threats, for example, the enemies used these threats, for example,
In my opinion, this is one of the powers we have.
We should pay attention to this issue when looking at the powers of this system.
This system is just the same, without international support and support from international and international enemies, which has faced different threats during the past few decades.
In my opinion, this is the first power of this system.
The second is the relationship between the people and the government.