Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's (a.s.) presence in the province of southern Africa and especially in Somalia, announced that the Iranian nation will be in need of the Iranian nation in this month of mercy and blessings to help their Muslim brothers in the distressed state of Somalia.
The following is the full text of the announcement:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
During the last days, the southern province of Africa, the suddenly distressed country of Somalia, faced the worst of the first-century catastrophe and the greatest of the famine-stricken famine-threatening events in the region, which have caused the lives of millions of Muslims in Somalia, especially women and children, to be threatened.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "The Islamic Ummah is called upon to help the Islamic Ummah in this month of mercy and blessings, and the Islamic Ummah is invited to help the Islamic Ummah in this month of mercy and blessings.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated that the Islamic Revolution should be the foundation of construction in towns, assemblies and assemblies. His Eminence said that if the Islamic Revolution finds the right situation, the material and religious responsibilities of the people, the people and the officials will be reduced.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 15, 2008 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the eyes of Allah the Exalted, the Creator of all good things, mankind is a loving and supportive nature.
By Allah's favor, by Allah's favor, the Islamic Ummah has removed mankind of uncertainty and has removed mankind of uncertainty and has removed mankind of uncertainty.
The emphasis on praising night and day is an opportunity and a blessing that frees mankind from entering into the trap of futility. If he had not been able to approach his heart in knowledge before God, his soul would have been shed by the light of his badness.
When religious prayers, prayers and prayers are associated with social activities, Islamic miracles can be reflected in his worship.
The Islamic Revolution is a symbol of this unity.
The peace of Allah the Exalted and the peace of Allah the Exalted is like the peace of the Lord's seventh seventh seventh seventh seventh seventh seventh seventh seventh.
Thanks to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.), the atmosphere of the Islamic Revolution increases, the atmosphere of the Islamic Revolution increases, the atmosphere of the Islamic Revolution increases, the atmosphere of the Islamic Revolution increases, the atmosphere of the Islamic Revolution increases, the atmosphere of the Islamic Revolution increases, the atmosphere of the Islamic Revolution increases.
This is the way the Islamic Ummah should be viewed.
The Islamic Revolution increased the power of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic's Guards Corps.
Wherever there is a center of life, the Islamic Revolution is the main source of this movement.
The Islamic Revolution should be the foundation of construction in towns and villages, in schools and universities, in public assemblies, from the markets and workplaces, to airplanes and highways and to hospitals and in all areas.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The leadership of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household should be in a kind and loving manner.
If a Muslim finds the right situation, the weight of the material and religious responsibilities of the people, the people and the officials will be reduced.
I hope that this day, and I hope that our souls will be sacrificed for the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for him).
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the negotiations between the officials of the two countries and the agreements that were concluded during this visit and said: "There are many areas that can be used to strengthen the relations between the two countries in different areas. Therefore, this relationship should be strengthened especially in the area of commerce and rebuilding.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the cruelty of Lebanon and the persecution of the Zionist regime and reiterated: "If the Zionist regime can do so, it can move the city of Beirut to the city of Tarabulus to destroy Syria."
The only thing that has been achieved against the Zionist regime is resistance.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution described Lebanon as one of the Arabs who could defeat the Zionist regime and added: "The enemy of Lebanon is the only thing that has been defeated by the enemy."
Therefore, it is necessary to recognize the significance of this greatness.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "Thanks to the presence of the Zionist regime, Lebanon needs resistance.
Ayatollah Khamenei expressed his appreciation for the good relationship between Hariri, Sayyid Hasan Nasrullah, and other officials of the Islamic Revolution.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic is supporting the unity and freedom of Lebanon and reiterated: "Labanon is the country of different denominations which have been supported by the religious and religious followers who have spent many years with one another in peace and understanding.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to a recent meeting with the former Prime Minister of Lebanon, Rafik Hariri.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "We see the Islamic Republic as a friend and a brother to the country of Lebanon, which has been supported by Lebanon during the turbulent times."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "The government of Lebanon hopes that the relationship between the two countries will grow in all areas of economic, political and cultural affairs."
Hariri added that the government of Lebanon is a government of unity. He said that any discord between the people of Lebanon and the people of Lebanon will benefit the Zionist regime.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
After the prolonged interruption and the reassignment of the Iranian pilgrims to Saudi Arabia, negotiations and agreements were made between the two officials of Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Ayatollah Taskhiri is one of the Iranian talks in this meeting with Saudi Arabia.
Each year during the hajj, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution sent a message to the pilgrims to discuss the important issues of the Islamic Ummah of the world.
What do you think is the philosophy of this message?
To answer this question, first of all, it is necessary to clarify certain issues.
First of all, the hajj - which is one of the Islamic religious practices - has great goals.
The greatest purpose of the hajj, as we have found in the Holy Quran, is to corrupt the Islamic Ummah and the works of the prophets in history. That is to say, the Holy Quran - which originates from mankind and from the worship of the angels and from the things that Adam saw in Paradise and from the things that he saw in Paradise and from the things that he saw in Paradise and from the qualities that he gained in Paradise and that he repented and returned to Allah the Exalted.
The Holy Quran explains each of these occasions and says: “Not only in the time of the nations and in the time of the nations and in the time of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the days of the nations and in the n
He said: “ I am your Leader in behalf of mankind.
He said: "By all my descendants", that is, the proclamation of the headship of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
The second purpose that is based on this path is to create humanity (s.w.a.) and restore humanity to the origin of its system and its original path towards the Lord. Such man-made construction is accomplished during the hajj. Therefore, the greatest purpose of hajj is explained, one of which is the issue of hajj pilgrims.
All of this shows the dignity of the people and the unity of the Islamic Ummah.
In all these messages, the Imam (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the hajj goals.
But the philosophy of this message - which is the source of your question - and why the Islamic Republic and its leaders are so important to this issue is that the living of the people is the life of the people.
The proclamation of hajj means the establishment of the nation.
Ayatollah Khamenei said: "Hajj is the flag of Islam."
During the war, when the flag is standing, it means that the Armed Forces are alive and the war is continuing.
Therefore, the preservation of the hajj and the restoration to the spirit of the hajj is one of the greatest goals of the Islamic Republic.
Therefore, the message that the Imam (r.a.) used to say and that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution repeatedly emphasized this issue and presented it as a goal.
Of course, it is unfortunate that we cannot fully grasp the significance of the message of the hajj. It is unfortunate that we cannot grasp the significance of this message.
There are newspapers of organizations and organizations that manage their activities, but they do not manage their activities according to their role and importance.
All the media, all the branch offices, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media and all the media.
It is necessary to do more in this regard.
No, not under such circumstances, but only the Saudi King issued a statement.
- Of course, this message has been delivered to the people even on the day of her captivity.
But after the conflict - which was the reason why the Iranians had not gone to hajj for many years - a agreement was made after the negotiations that I became part of the negotiations.
Both sides achieved the agreement that from that time on, there would not be a meeting in Makka, but on the Araphan day - that is to say, the ninth month of Zul Hajji - there would be a meeting for the Iranian pilgrims and the al-Hajj pilgrims.
This is the second agreement after all negotiations and negotiations.
We claim that the hajj is being delivered to Muslim nations.
Has this announcement been influenced in the process?
First of all, there are several international pilgrims.
Second, this message was spread in different languages during the hajj, in Mina and elsewhere, and it entered the hand of all the allies as the message of the Islamic Revolution.
On the other hand, the arrogant powers of the world and the organizations of Arab and Islamic governments are trying to stop the influence of the Islamic Ummah.
This message was previously published in one of the Newspapers of England. All Zionist Jews in the world had witnessed after this magazine and had caused problems.
When did this happen?
The Zionists are trying to stop the spread of this message.
The Saudi government has not just helped to spread this message, but it has also prevented it in some years. Sometimes people have been arrested.
Of course, such self-control has been reduced in recent years, but everywhere and everywhere they are trying to raise obstacles to see the end of this message.
Sometimes we try to print the message in the newspapers.
Many of the newspapers did not agree with or have been granted printing.
Europe and even Muslims.
Of course they do not let it go, but as I said, we do not let it go.
What is the condition of this warning?
There the allies are representatives of the entire Islamic Ummah.
The camp that is established there is truly a camp for the administration of the nation. It is a camp for the entire Islamic Ummah with a keen desire to draw close to God.
The pilgrims should pay attention to their eyes.
He cared for his mouth and tongue.
The forbidden elements of the archaeological system are well-educated.
In this regard, I have taught the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, which has been delivered over the years.
If you take a closer look at the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the first point that is presented in this message is the role of the hajj in building up the Islamic Ummah.
This is what the Leader of the Islamic Revolution wants to do during the hajj.
For example, the role of the hajj can play in fulfilling the weaknesses of the Islamic Ummah.
The next point in the arena of hajj is to say that hajj is the flag of Islam.
Ayatollah Khamenei stated that hajj is a part of the movement of the people and that it is a part of the political role of Islam.
If we take note of the origin of the hajj, one of these is the duty of the House of God.
That is to say, the people of all nations are going through the judgments and arrangements of the Sovereign Lord of the universe.
Unfortunately, the first point mentioned in this message is the role of the hajj in the history of the progress of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is the role that the hajj plays in cultivating good social and balanced qualities.
This is one of the most important things.
Of course, from the beginning to the end, there will be a reference to the sanctification of the heart and the benefits of the opportunities found in the holy places related to the hajj.
The third point in this message is to identify the dignity of Islam and the dignity of Islam.
The same is true of the Islamic Revolution's Guidance on Human Rights.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the issue of Islamic unity. The following is the full text of the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
This message promotes and promotes Islamic Awakening.
The Islamic Revolution's Guidance on the Islamic Revolution's Guidance, the Islamic Revolution's Guidance, the Islamic Revolution's Guidance, the Islamic Revolution's Guidance, the Islamic Revolution's Guidance, and the Islamic Revolution's Guidance.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the House of Ka'bah is a symbol of monotheism and a symbol of unity.
The same is true of the great power of the Islamic Ummah, which includes materialism, spirituality, nationality and culture. They remind the people of the great power which they have, unfortunately, the enemies are trying to weaken.
Similarly, one of the issues that have been raised in these events is the confiscation of the machinations of the arrogant powers of the world.
Thro the past few months, the arrogant powers of the world have been martyred against the Islamic Ummah and the reasons for their evil efforts.
The movement and the important issues that are taking place in Muslim countries - including the issues that have been influenced by the enemies and their efforts to promote ethnic fitna, corruption, murder and violent propaganda against the Islamic Ummah.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution identifies all the threats that followed the attack on September 11.
As a result of the Revolution and the Islamic Awakening, the arrogant powers of the world have been influenced by Muslim countries. The enemies have launched a plan to destroy the Islamic Ummah and promote corruption.
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the arrogant powers of the world are the enemies of the weak, the responsibilities of humanity and the supporters of terrorism, hypocrisy and sovereignty in Muslim countries.
The final point is to introduce the Islamic Republic as a model for success in dealing with the arrogant powers of the world.
What role do these events play in different countries?
Does he have a position among the scholars and politicians of Islamic countries or among the Arabs?
During the trips and assemblies we have attended - each year we visit the estimated 50 countries - and we meet the people, Islamic denominations and leaders, especially the political leaders of different countries and resistance movements - with this point in mind and this point in mind.
That is to say, despite the weaknesses that we have in delivering this message, this message has a powerful influence wherever possible.
Today the issue of diplomacy is the same in the world. Today the leaders of countries are speaking to the people of the country.
Can the hajj be adopted as one of the Islamic Republic's most important diplomatic entities and a means to promote the Revolution's Guards Corps?
Of course, one of the best ways to deliver the message of the Revolution is the message of the Imam (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to the pilgrims.
One of the ways to strengthen the hajj and to respond to the efforts to eliminate the role of the hajj and the role it plays in the life of Muslims is that we have a real influence.
It is said that many of the allies come from far away and suffer great hardships, but they cannot understand the message of the hajj.
We have the hypocrisy: "The light of hajj continues to be with hajj as long as it does not sin."
I hope the al-Hajj pilgrims will try to find the light of the hajj and they will try to safeguard the message of the hajj so that the hajj work will play a role in the educational work of the Islamic Ummah.
Leader’s Speech to Shia Teachers - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 12, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on his first visit to Kermanshah province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Allah the Exalted says: “ In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
Those who fear the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and fear the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household are worthy of Allah's reverence.
One of the most exciting and exciting interviews is the meeting with honorable teachers who are serving in different parts of the country and with young students who are busy in the arena of religious education and religious education.
Thankfully today the dear brothers and sisters, the dear students and teachers of the province of Sunni and Shia have gathered together at this meeting. This is a great opportunity for me.
There are other points that I would like to mention, but before I mention these things, I feel that I should thank the worldly religious scholar Ayatollah Burujerdi who was committed to his life in this province and was rewarded for his efforts by means of martyrdom.
I was able to interview him at Kermanshah on several occasions. We had to sit down with him and discuss with us.
The same was true of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) at a meeting that was held in the province of Islamabad. The same was true of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The assembly was held under the bombs of the Iranian Army, and we were present at the same time.
His humility, his righteousness, his lack of physical concern, and all these things are characteristics of him. He is a great man.
In the end of a long life, Allah the Exalted rewarded him with martyrdom.
I have repeatedly said that martyrdom is a business death and that it is a profound death.
Certainly, there will be a time when life will end, "Every life is at the risk of death" [The Holy Quran:185].
We are the ones who love this fitna and are the ones who love it and are the ones who love it.
Allah the Exalted is the buyer of life.
In this province too, our old friend, Hajj Agha Baha' Odedeen Mohammadien Mohammadi Araki, is one of the people who have achieved this worthiness of martyrdom.
Agha Hajj Baha is one of the students of the Imam (r.a.) and one of our friends in Qom.
God has shown mercy to these two martyrs.
I should likewise mention the honorable, humble and loving teacher, Hajj Agha Mujiba Hajj Akhund, who was one of our dear companions in the Qom seminary. He was faithful, pure in heart, gentle and honest.
God has shown mercy to him.
During one of my visits to Kermanshah, after the victory of the Islamic Revolution, I went to his home and saw his artistic activities.
After the death of Imam Khomeini, he sent me one of his duties.
I asked him to write this narrative to me: "Whoever has appointed himself as leader for the people, he should start to teach himself before teaching someone else" so that I should put him before my desk, so that we should not forget about reading ourselves.
He wrote this to me in a fine writing, and I put it in a pan and put it ahead of me.
This is the problem with our work.
If we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom, if we want to be like a blossom.
[The Holy Quran, 35: 28] Fear of God is one of the characteristics of teachers.
Of course, teachers had certain characteristics, but fear of God was elected.
The idea of knowledge is that one enjoys this great blessing - that is, putting fear of God into the heart of a person.
If you are younger than I am, you will be able to do this. If you are younger than I am, you will benefit from this. If you are younger than I am, you will be able to do this. If you are younger than I am, you will benefit from this.
This is a life that will end. Some will grow old and others will not.
You should know that the gap between the 20 years and the 30 years and the 70 years - that is to say, the age that we have - is the same as the electricity.
When a person is in his 30 ’ s, he feels that there is a time to reach his 70 ’ s.
If a person is prepared to do something in the short period of time, he should be prepared to do something, but he should be prepared to do something in the short period of time.
Therefore, I invite the dear students to themselves, to mention God, to fear God and to strive to draw closer to the God who is necessary and to call upon knowledge, which is the primary source of knowledge.
If knowledge is available without fear of God, this knowledge can be worthless and sometimes harmful.
We have a teacher - who had religious and non-religious knowledge - who did not just benefit from it, but it was a disaster for him.
The spirit of things that belong to man and to the Lord is essential to knowledge and teaching.
Kermanshah is an important city.
As Mr. Ulama said a long time ago, Kermanshah had great teachers, such as the families of Al-Aga, the families of Jalili and other educational facilities, not one person or two or ten people.
Another point in this chapter which is very serious concerning Kermanshah is that like Kermanshah, the people of Kermanshah and the people of Kermanshah are very sympathetic and sympathetic to the people who have come, teachers have this characteristic.
The Imam of the Age (may Allah's grace be upon him) - who was one of the greatest students of his father - rose to Kermanshah and continued to live.
Although he did not want to live, he remained a member of the Agha family.
He and many of his children were among the teachers.
This is one example.
Another example is the pioneer Agha Sayyid Hussein Hairi, who came to Mashhad at the end of his life.
I can still remember certain things about him.
He was one of the brothers and sisters of Aha Seyyed Mohammad Isfahani and one of the students of Aha Seyyed Mohammad Isfahani and one of the students of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi who came from Iraq and lived in Kermanshah for years.
He was executing judgment in Isfahan.
He was an acquaintance with the knowledge of God and accountability.
He was one of the people who had been trained by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) who lived at that time in Samarra.
One of the teachers is Sardar Kabuli, a prominent expert on different areas.
This was a very interesting and beautiful book. I had seen it many years ago.
Several years have passed since Kermanshah, and great teachers have benefited from it.
I read in this book that hajj Agha Hussein Kummi (may Allah's favor be upon him) came to Kermanshah on his journey to the holy places or on his way back to Kermanshah for a meeting with the hajj pilgrim Sardar Kabuli.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that I should be witnesses. He said that I should be witnesses. For years after reading the book of hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj and hajj.
This is a lesson. This is to say, learning from the time of the seventy-seven-year-old al-Hajj al-Hussein.
This is not a cause for disrespect and disrespect for a great teacher, but it is a cause for pride.
You young people should follow this path and make progress.
This captive man grew up in India and went to Najaf from there and went to Kermanshah and was welcomed there.
Ayatollah Khamenei spent 60 years in Kermanshah.
Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani was one of the teachers who had been exiled to this city.
This city has an image that shows that the hearts of the people are warmly welcomed by religious teachers.
When they come across a man who knows what his characteristics are, they will welcome him in a way that we do not think he is in their hometown.
He was a man of Isfahan, but he felt like a man of Kermanshah. He was a man of Kermanshah.
What I said was an out-of-date.
I would like to discuss certain issues.
Dear Teachers, dear Teachers, dear youth and dear tomorrow.
For two reasons: First of all, the opportunity to spread the message of Islam in the world - whether in Muslim countries or in non-Muslim countries - will be further explained in this regard.
Therefore, the responsibility will be lifted.
Today you are in a similar situation.
You should not be afraid. They are afraid of him and they do not fear anyone against God.
Do not be afraid of anything. Do not be afraid of the hardships that are on the road.
Do not say that there are hardships, but do not be afraid of these hardships.
Act on what is expected to be impossible.
Has this not happened in Iran?
There is something that has been done in Iran that if all the world's scholars stayed for hours day and night, it would not have been possible for them.
Every commentator would say that this is not possible, but it is possible.
I would like to tell you that even some of our enemies are saying that it is not possible.
Ayatollah Talikani told me that Imam (r.a.) was saying that Shah should be removed.
He did not believe that Shah could be removed.
He later told me that.
The Imam (r.a.) said that Shah will be removed, but he is removed.
It is not only that Shah has been removed but also that America has been removed from the west and that hegemony and arrogance have disappeared.
No one agreed, but it happened.
No one feels that the great Revolution of the Islamic Revolution will take place in Egypt.
It is possible to expect that this event will take place elsewhere, but no one is thinking of Egypt. But the Revolution took place in Egypt.
These are one of the things that should be put in our hearts.
We should pursue achievements that are hoped to be impossible in order to make sure that they are possible.
Be determined to carry a heavy load so that you will have the opportunity. They are not afraid of anybody against God.
The answer is: "By Allah, it is enough to be counted" and they should not forget that God is counted.
And God is worthy of consideration.
This is our path.
As teachers, we are personally tested and we are personally tested by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
Allah the Exalted said: “ We have made a enemy for every prophet like that one.
And if your Lord wishes that they do not do it, leave them with what they say."
Therefore, if you and I are prepared to declare the divine message, we will be prepared to face demonic witnesses.
They will attack us and we will be ready.
Spiritually speaking, we must create a strong shield for ourselves - which is a large shield of faith and devotion - so that we will not be defeated and defeated.
Fleeing and suffering in public is the result of running and suffering in public.
The defeat of mankind is the result of his defeat.
If you are not defeated, nobody can defeat you.
The shield that must be prepared for your hearts is the shield of faith in God and loyalty to God. [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Ad
This is a lesson for us.
We should read the Holy Quran carefully. We should view it as a lesson and make it an arrangement for our lives.
The witness that today comes to you through the Internet, human stars and other modern media has many modern-day statements.
I have an experience of this.
These are reports that are not being publicized in certain Islamic countries. In certain Islamic countries, a great amount of money is being spent in order to organize a meeting against Shia and Sunni Muslims.
On the other hand, Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia-speaking Shia
These are the ways in which they act.
This is because it is a great blessing to create differences.
I would like to tell you that your province is the place where Shia and Sunni people live together.
Shia and Sunni teachers should organize meetings among themselves, identify one another and speak with one another.
We have achievements that we have shared in.
You can maintain your beliefs, but you should maintain your cooperative activities.
If they want to do research, if they do not, they will.
I believe the philosophy, and if they want to discuss knowledge with scholars and scholars, it is not a problem, but it is not a matter of public understanding.
But despite these things, there are certain things that have been associated with us. There is a disease that has been associated with us and which has been associated with us.
Shia teachers have a spokesman among their people and Sunni teachers have a spokesman among their people to use their power and speech to solve these problems.
Today there are certain people who are armed with the weapons of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. We are not ashamed to call themselves the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
This deviation should be ignored in the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, the recorded work that we have spoken of involves all these things.
Another responsibility is the responsibility of reading.
I heard that there were Kermanshah Students who were studying in Qom - which no doubt had brothers and sisters in the country - who would come and make refuge, or if they did not return, they would come at a special time in the year and spend two months, three and four months.
Therefore, knowledge is very important.
Of course, in the arena of education, there is a issue that is very important.
There was a student who came to the point that I was teaching. There was a student who came to the point that I did not see.
When I saw him again, I asked him where you are. He said that I was out-of-doors - one of the towns in the province of Korasan - and I was witnessing there. So why did you come back and then I realize from the end that I had nothing to learn for the people of Korah?
This is to understand which one is addressed.
Today, consider the youth who have studied with us.
In Kermanshah's province, those who read are very numerous.
Sometimes this was not the case.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, in all of Kermanshah provinces, those who had studied university were likely less than three years old.
In the meantime, it is possible to say ten times more than ever before.
These youths are confronted with different propaganda and questions.
You should get the answers to their questions and then sit down on them.
Choose those with whom you should communicate, identify their thoughts and get the proper answers to their thoughts and requests from the Holy Quran, Sunni and the Holy Quran.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that this is the case. Ayatollah Khamenei said that this is the case. Ayatollah Khamenei said that this is the case. Ayatollah Khamenei said that this is the case.
You are in Qom.
You should do these things.
Just think about morality as you think about the pursuit of knowledge.
Dear God, purify the hearts of those with whom you speak.
As I said, "Whoever has appointed himself a leader for a nation, he has to start teaching himself before teaching someone else."
This hard work should be carried out.
The teachers should enter into social issues, but the important thing is that teachers should enter into social issues and not under compulsion.
The characteristic of teachers is that by teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers, teachers and teachers.
It is all things.
A person whose relationship is broken and if he is able to safeguard his relationship, he will be saved.
It is a very important thing.
Dear God, bestow Your Eyes on You, bestow Your Eyes on You, bestow Your Eyes on You.
I do not know whether the annual prayer is held in Kermanshah or not.
Shia and Sunni preachers should not harm their brothers.
You should go with one another and be kind to one another.
There are certain things that have been shared and that can be done together.
If this happens, Allah the Exalted will continue.
I would like to tell you that during the victory of the Islamic Revolution, there was a new spirit in the world.
This is a powerful engine that has been able to produce such a great shock that has shaken the west.
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the greatness of the Imam (r.a.) have shaken the west.
They returned to the Holy Quran and obtained information about Islam and became interested in Islam.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Even in Muslim countries, there are many youths who are pure in heart and whose hope is complete toward the Marxist system. They believe that the formation of an Islamic government will eliminate poverty, injustice, murder and murder from their countries.
Some of them are honest people. I have seen some of them, whether Muslims or not. They are honest people but they do not believe in Islam.
They are poor because they think that there is hope in society.
But when poverty is defeated, they see that this is not the case.
Therefore, they entered the path of Islam.
All these youthful groups that you have seen in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other places are from Islam. All of them were from the past 1960s and 1970s - about 40 and 30 years ago - and all are from the past.
The same is true of our country. I do not want to mention my name.
There are people who speak about Islam, but in the light of these words, they are really thinking about impoverished people.
After the Revolution, all those enthusiastic movements returned to Islam. They watched Islam, they watched the Holy Quran, they watched the Holy Quran, they watched the Islamic Republic.
When a system is established under the teachings of Islam, it is a system that has been established under the teachings of Islam. It is a system that has been established under the teachings of Islam. It is a system that has been established under the teachings of Islam. It is a system that is established under the teachings of Islam.
The people who are searching for all the things they need in Marxism and poverty but who have not achieved are defeated. Now they see what they are searching for in Islam.
What do you think is happening?
They want to humiliate this issue, but it cannot be humiliated.
In the U.S. capital, New York, U.S. Economic Center, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S. Army, U.S.
This is what we say, but we say from the beginning that neither the East nor the west - namely, we do not accept the system of logic - and we do not accept the Islamic Republic.
You should be prepared.
Islamic teachers should be prepared.
Avoid unfounded statements. Avoid the Islamic doctrines that are based on the Holy Quran, Sunni and the speech of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.).
If you do this, you will see how Islam will grow.
I have much to say to you, but I want to pay attention to the time.
Dear God, place religious teachers among the things that you believe.
Dear God, make these dear youth and those dear religious scholars - in Kermanshah and Kermanshah - qualified to be effective teachers.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy on all of us.
Dear God, make the heart of the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) agree with us.
Imam Khamenei - Khamenei.ir Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution appointed Dr. Abdullah Ali Asgari to be the new chairman of the Islamic Republic of Iran's radio and television organization.
The following is the full text of the Leader ’ s instructions:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dr. Abdullah Ali Asghari (God's victory)
In view of the retirement of Mr. Mohammad Sarafraz, I would like to thank him for the great efforts of the Revolution and the envy which should not be forgotten, and I will appoint you as the chairman of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
What I should tell you is one of the things I gave to Mr. Sarafraz when I appointed him.
Therefore, I encourage you to see the importance of safeguarding, safeguarding high national policies, drawing, safeguarding and training the revolutionary laborers and working hard to exert power in the media of the present system of things.
I hope Allah the Exalted will help you in this work.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Urdebehesht 22, 1395
May 11, 2016
Leader's Speech to Remember the Death of Imam Khomeini - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution at the Memorial of the 24-year-long death of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and Allah's greetings be upon our Leader and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad and his holy and prepared families.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted for giving us another opportunity and a few more years to reverence our magnanimous Imam in that day and to show our love for him.
Although Imam Khomeini was always alive in the hearts of our people, the 14th of Khordad is a symbol of the Iranian nation's love and affection for the immaculate Imam (r.a.).
This was the anniversary of the martyrdom of his great grandfather, Imam Moses ibn Ja'far (a.s.).
The same is true of the 50th anniversary of Khordad of the 15th of Khordad of the year 1342 and the beginning of the Islamic Revolution.
The 15th of Khordad is a very important and determined day.
I would like to discuss this point before going to the main point and I would like to discuss it myself.
The 15th of Khordad is not the beginning of a great movement of teachers and people.
Until Khordad 15, there were some momentous events that took place in the year 1341 and early 1342.
For example, the incident in the Persian seminary took place on February 2, 1342, which led to the drunkenness of the religious scholars and the weaknesses of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
In the latter part of the year 1341, the chaos of the people in Tehran's markets increased, and there Ayatollah Hajj Sayyid Ahmad Khunsari was defeated.
All of this shows that the movement of the teachers in the year 1341 and early in the year 1342 had reached a high point in the way that the police and officials of the oppressive government used great power against teachers and scholars and even the middle of the night.
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important time.
The reason is that what happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342, represents the relationship between people and teachers in that dangerous time.
On the day of Ashura of that year - which was the 13th of Khordad - Imam Khomeini delivered a very important discourse in the Persian seminary.
On the 15th of Khordad and on the 15th of Khordad and on the 15th of Khordad and on the 15th of Khordad and on the other towns and on the other towns and on the other towns and on the other towns and on the other towns and on the other towns and on the other towns and on the other towns and on the other towns.
It is noteworthy that such a relationship is to advance this movement and to lead it to success.
Whenever there is a movement that is supported by the people and that is accompanied by them, this movement will continue.
But if people do not enter a movement of disapproval, they will not succeed.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
When the people enter the arena and support a movement, the movement will always exist and succeed.
This is what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
As a result of the people in Tehran and other cities who heard that Imam Khomeini was arrested, he forced the government to enter with all its power and control over the people. A large number of people were killed.
The streets of Tehran are filled with the blood of the faithful and youthful servants of God.
On Khordad, the 15th of Khordad and the 15th of Khordad, an unbelieving heart became apparent.
Another issue of the 15th of Khordad - which is good for our dear youth and our dear people to pay attention to - is that during the massacre of the people in Tehran and other cities, no national and international centers called themselves human rights centers.
The people and the teachers are all on the scene.
They who claim to be envious of the country - who claim to support the resistance of the government - have blamed God for this movement. They say that this is a blind and unreasonable movement.
Whenever the pious and pious people fail to stand out for themselves in the face of struggles, they will criticize the faithful and optimistic people of the country.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The Imam (r.a.) believed in three things: determination, courage and resistance. These three things are: faith in God, faith in human power and faith in you. These three things revealed themselves in the achievement of Imam (r.a.).
The Imam (r.a.) was speaking from the heart, and the people answered his call with all their belongings.
They entered the arena and stood firm.
This movement, which has no supporters in the world, leads to success.
Let me explain these three aspects of Imam Khomeini's faith.
These are important things that if we realize them, they will enlighten our path.
On the basis of faith in God, the Imam (r.a.) was a symbol of the verse in which he said: "When people say to them, people are gathered together for your sake, therefore be afraid of them.
These words strengthened their faith and added: "By Allah, it is enough for us to praise our Steward."
He acted in behalf of God, spoke and acted in behalf of God and said, "When you have helped God, he will help you." [The Holy Quran, 47: 7] This is the divine promise, which is sure to be fulfilled.
On the basis of the people's faith, the great Imam (r.a.) understood the Iranian nation and all the meaning of this term.
The Imam (r.a.) believed that this nation is a faith-strengthening, discreet and valiant nation. If there is a righteous leader, it will be able to manifest itself in all areas like the bright sun.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "If the Iranian nation was humiliated by the unwholesome people such as Shahid Hussein (s.a.) at one time, the Iranian nation was humiliated by the brave people like Nadeer Kali (s.a.) at another time.
He recognized the Iranian nation and trusted them.
He revealed their religious envy in the way that the Iranian nation became an example of resistance and insight.
The Imam (r.a.) was the greatest enemy of the people and the enemy of the people.
This is why you think that the Imam (r.a.) never failed in the arenas of resistance to the arrogant powers because the arrogant powers became opposers of the arrogant powers and that the Imam (r.a.) saw the opposers as enemies of the people.
On the issue of self-reliance, the Imam (r.a.) taught the Iranian nation that we can.
He revealed his power to the world. On the day of Ashura 1342, the Imam (r.a.) appeared to the students and the people of Qom in the Persian seminary and said to Muhammad Ridha Shah (r.a.) who trusted in America and the armed forces of the world and who exercised his power and threatened that if you continue to do what you are doing, I will tell the people who would expel you from Iran.
He was a clergyman in the province of Qom who had no arms, support, or national assistance.
Faith in God and trust in him will be a guardian in this regard.
The same was true of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) when he returned from exile in the battlefield of Beheshti Zahra (a.s.).
The Imam (r.a.) trusted his own strength.
This was the kind of trust that Imam (r.a.) had for the people.
One of the most powerful weapons that the enemies have played in affirming their power over other nations is to make them feel that they are not able to do anything to do.
They fed the Iranian nation for many years in political, scientific, economic, and other areas of life.
He told the Iranian nation that you can.
He brought us back to courage and reestablished our position and reestablished our trust in him.
Therefore, the Iranian nation has been successful in all arenas during the past 30 years, and I will refer to them in the future.
The faith of the Imam (r.a.) - that is to say, faith in God, faith in mankind and self-reliance - is the basis of all his statements, actions, and policies.
At the beginning of this struggle, these three beliefs gave Imam Khomeini power.
The same was true of the time when he was forced to go to Paris and the same was true of the time when he returned to Iran.
These three things gave Imam Khomeini the strength to return to Tehran in the same situation.
In the spring of 1357, during the presence of the Islamic Revolution, during the presence of the House, during the proclamation of the Islamic Republic, during the resistance of the oppressive governments of the world, during the proclamation of the war, during the Sacred Defense Era, during the Sacred Defense Era, during the presence of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) during the past 10 years of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and all these three faiths have manifested themselves in the presence of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
These three factors are the basis of Imam Khomeini's role and all his efforts.
Until the end of his life, nobody has seen any signs of weakness, tiredness, or doubts that are difficult for us in the words and deeds of the Imam (r.a.).
As the years begin, many of the revolutionary powers begin to feel doubts about what they are doing.
Sometimes they come back from the rocks of the past.
But the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) spoke at the end of his life even more intensely than his speech in the year 1342.
He was old, but his heart was youthful and his spirit was alive.
This is the firm stand mentioned in the Holy Quran: "When they were firmly established on the road, we had dried them up a lot of water."
In another verse, he said: "Our Lord is the true God, and then the angels are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them, and they are upon them.
The Iranian nation changed its power, and Allah the Exalted changed its condition. "God does not change what he is for mankind until they change what he is for their hearts."
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation refined its path and supported it.
What was the result?
There are many things that our youth should know about the confidence that the taghuti regime of the Pahlavi regime - which was worse than that of the time of the Kajar regime - made with England and with America.
Their confidence is shameful.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, one of the most outstanding American diplomatic officials said: "We are the people who tell him what he needs and what he does not need.
They tell him that you should pay attention to your relationship and that you should pay attention to your relationship.
To whom you sell it and not to whom you sell it.
Such a country, which has trusted in others, has been transformed into a free and honorable country.
The country was ruled by some corrupt, faithful, religious and materialistic leaders, but they were replaced by representatives of the nation.
They were replaced by government officials.
For the past 30 years, the governments of the country and the management of the economic and political issues of the country have been representatives of the nation.
They did not pay their savings when they were on the throne. Some people were more important than others.
These corrupt and revolutionary politicians have made themselves representatives of the people. Our country, which has become a gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradual gradually.
Before the victory of the Revolution, we had no success in the scientific arena of the country.
Is this insignificant?
The figures of the world are saying that in the years to come - 2017 - Iran will reach the fourth scientific position in the world.
Is this insignificant?
We are a country. If we want to build a highway, a highway, a water source, or a company, we must use our hands toward others so that the engineers from outside can build the water for us, the road for us and a company for us.
Today the youth of this nation are making efforts to build hundreds of thousands of companies, mines and trades in the country.
Should we shut our eyes to all these things?
In the arena of health and medical care, our sick people should go to European hospitals because of a serious illness, and if they do not have it, they should die.
In our country today, however, there are many of the most complicated activities that are carried out in our country - such as panegyrism, panegyrism and other important and important services - not just in Tehran but also in many other cities.
The Iranian nation does not need foreigners in this regard.
We have reached a position of self-confidence in this important area.
Many of the territories of the country were abandoned at that time.
Until the victory of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, many of the cities and villages of the country are cared for.
Today, different services are being carried out throughout the country, in remote cities and in different denominations.
Today nobody can say that we do not have electricity or that we do not have roads as an example.
During that time before the victory of the Revolution, there were 35 million students in the country.
Today the number of students has doubled, but the number of students has doubled.
The number of university students means the number of teachers and universities.
In every remote city, there is one university, two, five, or even ten.
During that time, there was a government in which the number of high schools was limited.
Today, there are universities in every city of the country.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation through the Revolution and the zeal of our youth and officials.
These are important things.
Thanks to the Revolution, many important and basic projects have been carried out in the country and thousands of companies have been created in the country.
The goods that we used to bring from foreign countries were greatly produced in the country today.
It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
This is the result of Imam Khomeini's faith in the hearts of the people of the country - namely, his faith in God, his faith in people and his trust in them.
We do not say these things in order to make us feel happy.
No, a great task lies ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we compared ourselves to the time of taghut, we can see similar achievements clearly, but if we compared ourselves to what Islam wants to see, to what country and society Islam wants to see, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country, to what country,
I would like to say this in order for our great people and our brave people to know that this path will be achieved successfully through the adoption of these three beliefs.
They know that there is a long way to go. But you can, you can, and you can.
You can pursue this long path to the point of achieving it.
I would like to say these words because you know that the enemy's efforts to destroy love in our hearts are based on enmity.
The road map is in front of us.
We have a road map.
What is our road map?
The teaching of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is clear. The teaching of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is clear. The teaching of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is clear. The teaching of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is clear.
This is a mistake.
The road map was with the Imam (r.a.) and he introduced it to us.
Regarding the foreign policy, Imam (r.a.) teaches: stand firm against the neutral policy of the colonialism, establish brotherhood with Muslim nations, establish alliances with all the countries of the world, except with countries that have lifted their swords against the Iranian nation, fight Zionism, fight the liberation of Palestine, help the oppressed world, and stand firm before the oppressed.
The Imam (r.a.) is with us.
In the arena of culture, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings are the same as the discourses and publications of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the publications of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the publications of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the publications of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
In the arena of economic affairs, the teachings of the Imam (r.a.) are: trust in the economy of the country, trust in you and what is available in the country, trust in economic righteousness in the things that are produced and distributed.
Similarly, the teachings of the Imam (r.a.) and our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) should not allow us to compromise the economy of the world.
The Iranian nation will be able to minimize such weaknesses by adopting this pattern of faith and commemorating its magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can make progress.
In view of the power and experience of the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation will be able to follow the path that has been prompted for the past 30 years, and Allah's favor will be a real model for other Muslim nations.
But the issue of elections is the current issue.
Dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian people!
The following is the full text of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
It is our duty, our duty, to look forward to the future of our country.
The Iranian people are responsible for this responsibility.
This is the manifestation of popularity. The manifestation of popularity is the manifestation of popularity. The manifestation of popularity is the manifestation of popularity.
It is a sign of your trust, and if anyone throws his vote into the election box, he will feel that he has contributed to determining the future of the country.
This is an important point.
Therefore, elections are a sign of God's approval, a sign of people's approval and a sign of self-sacrifice.
Any vote that you would not vote for any of those candidates - that is to say, the eight people in the arena - is not for the Islamic Republic.
The vote for each of these candidates should not be a vote for the Islamic Republic. The vote for the Islamic Republic should not be a vote for the Islamic Republic.
He has entered the arena of elections - whether he stands for the president or he chooses - that is to say, he approves of the Islamic Republic and the method of elections.
This is the second step that we should take in order to avoid becoming useful to our country and other national groups.
The enemies of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the enemies of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the enemies of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the enemies of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the enemies of the Islamic Republic's Guards Corps.
Their goal is to make the elections unreasonable so that they can be confused with the Islamic Republic. Or they can create a fitna during the elections, as it did in the year 2009.
This is what the enemies of this nation want to see.
The enemies of this nation have forgotten the day of Dey. They have forgotten the day of Dey. They have forgotten the day of Dey. They have forgotten the day of Dey. They have forgotten the day of Dey. They have forgotten the day of Dey. They have forgotten the day of Dey. They have forgotten the day of Dey. They have forgotten the day of Dey. They have forgotten the day of Dey.
In order to minimize the effectiveness of this election, they organized a number of scholars to speak through the media.
Sometimes they say that elections are not unjust in the eyes of the people. Sometimes they say that elections are not unjust in the eyes of the people.
No, they did not know our people and they did not know our choices and they did not understand the Islamic Republic.
This is true of intellectual countries.
In intellectual countries, if you are not one of these two or three societies and if you do not have the support of intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual, intellectual and intellectual.
There are people who do not support the Zionists and who do not support the mercenaries who suffer the blood of the nations of the world and who do not enter the arena of elections.
They did not have the media with them, and they did not have television programs.
Therefore, they would have to put an end to their plans for a minute.
In our country, the pilgrims will be given hundreds of hours without being killed and killed.
Where is this situation happening throughout the world?
The only thing in the arena of elections is law.
It is law-abiding to enter the arena of elections, but it is not to enter.
The Law identified principles that should be met.
All of this is legally established.
As I said, it is unfortunately that some ungodly people continue to emphasize the things they say.
But by Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will respond to these people through their presence and their resistance.
I would like to mention a few points to the black people as well. During the elections, the black people have made a big difference in the government's plans.
They may be critical of what they think is wrong, but they should be critical of what they think is wrong. They should be critical of what they think is wrong.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue. I do not have anything to say, but I do not have anything to say, "I am the best one in the country."
I would like to invite the people who want to pay attention to the people to do what is right in their speech.
They said, "On the other hand, it does not mean that they are disappointed, but it does not mean that they are disappointed in what has been done, whether in this government or in the previous governments."
This is not to say, it is not to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it
There are thousands of great things that have been done, and there are thousands of great things that have been done.
Over the years, many construction projects have been carried out in the days of different governments.
These things should not be ignored.
All these things should not be done simply because there are economic and economic problems. We should not deny all these things.
But if we have a solution to these problems, we should not ignore all that has been done today.
The same is true of promises that cannot be fulfilled.
I would like to invite all the black people to say things that if their recordings were presented in the following year, they would not be ashamed of them.
You should make a promise that if you are presented to them in the future, you will not be guilty of exercising self-control.
Commit what you can do.
In our country and in the framework of our government, the leader of the country has great power.
The chairman of the country has great power in the framework of our government.
He is the leader of the country. He is the leader of the country. He is the leader of the country. He is the leader of the country. He is the leader of the country. He is the leader of the country.
The hands of the president of the country are in different areas.
The only limit he has is the legal limits.
It is law alone, and it is not lawless.
It is a law that is prepared and not compromised.
Today the people who speak with the people should tell them what they can and what people need.
If they have a plan and an arrangement, they should tell the people that they should do their utmost in implementing these regulations and promising to use all the power that the law has given them to carry out their heavy responsibilities.
Some have wrongly thought that we should yield to the enemy in order to reduce their anger against us.
This is a mistake.
The enemy's wrath was due to your presence, the presence of the Islamic Republic, the presence of the Imam (r.a.) in the hearts and minds of the people of the country, the presence of the 14th of Khordad and the presence of the Iranian nation throughout the country.
This is the reason for their anger.
If our nation keeps its stability, if it keeps its power, if it keeps its needs, if it solves its problems, if it keeps its economy strong, if it keeps its economy strong, if it keeps it strong, if it keeps it strong, if it keeps it strong, if it keeps it strong, if it keeps it strong, if it keeps it strong, if it keeps it strong, if it keeps it strong, if it keeps it strong.
Of course, what is important is determination, faith in God, trust in the power of the people and trust in them, whether in the presence of the people or in the presence of the people.
Dear brothers and sisters, the coming ten days are a arena of great trials. I hope Allah the Exalted will bring about good results during this great trial.
There is no strategy or power except by Allah the Exalted.
Imam Khamenei's Message to Youths in Europe and North America - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
To All Young People in Europe and North America
The recent events in France and other Western countries made it possible for me to speak directly to you.
I speak to you dear youth, not because I dishonor your parents, but because you are the future of your people and the future of your country. I see that your hearts are filled with knowledge of truth.
I am not speaking to the politicians and officials of your government because I am convinced that they willfully and consciously removed their politics from the path of the truth.
Speaking to you is against Islam, especially against what is presented to you as Islam.
During the past 20 years - since the collapse of the Soviet Union - a great effort has been made to identify this great religion as a great fear.
Unfortunately, this fear-inspiring situation is a fear-inspiring event in the history of western politics.
I do not want to speak up about the frightening and frightening plots that have been imposed on the hearts of the western nations.
As you go back in history, you will see that the new writers of history have interrupted the issue of injustice that the western governments have committed against the nations and cultures of the world.
The history of Europe and America is ashamed of human worship, colonial rule and oppression of non-Christian and non-Christian people.
The scholars and teachers of your history are ashamed of the shed blood of the Catholic and Protestant denominations in the second and second centuries of the world.
I would like to ask your scholars why the conscience of western nations has always been awakened after decades or even hundreds of years of delay.
Why is the conscience of the people dependent on what has happened in the history of the past few decades and not on what is happening today?
Why are people shunned from understanding such important things as the methods of Islamic communication, culture, and thinking?
You know that oppression, oppression, and frightening other people are a part of the role that has been played in producing all such oppression and wickedness.
I would like to ask you why the old policy of terror and Islam and Muslims has been restored.
Why does the present system of governments put Islamic thinking ahead of us?
What are some things that are focused on Islamic thinking and teachings so that the political and political policies of the majorities of the world will be focused on, and what will they do in dealing with Islam?
Therefore, the first requirement is to ask and analyze the reasons for such a great effort to uphold the name of Islam.
The second requirement is to make a clear understanding of the Islamic religion and the teachings of the truth.
A healthy mind condemns the obligation to know the truth of what you are being feared and to turn away from him. I am not saying that you have accepted an understanding of Islam, but I am saying that you should not be sidetracked from the reality that is being influenced by the world in order to a certain goal.
Do not let them hypocritically introduce terrorists who are under their control as representatives of Islam.
You should recognize Islam from its origin.
Understanding Islam through the Holy Quran and the life of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.)
I would like to ask you, Have you ever read the Holy Quran directly?
Have you carefully studied the teachings of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and his people?
Do you know how different the Islamic message has been, not by the media?
Have you ever asked yourself if the Islamic Republic was formed, if it is based on some teaching that it has the right to become the greatest culture, the advancement of knowledge and intellect in the world and to educate the greatest intellectuals and intellectuals in the world?
I urge you not to allow unrighteousness and unrighteousness to turn you away from the truth and to eliminate the possibility of righteousness.
In the meantime, when the media overthrew the boundaries of countries, do not let you be sidetracked in the boundaries of the boundaries.
Of course, no human can fill the plundering plundering plundering plundering plundering plundering plundering plundering plundering plundering plundering plundering plundering.
Although the challenge between Islam and you youth is a real challenge, it can create new questions in your hearts that are searching for the truth.
Trying to find answers to these questions will give you an opportunity to identify certain new truths.
Therefore, do not let this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam pass on to you. Why is it possible for the people of the nations to write down the history of the peaceful and peaceful dealings of the western countries with Islam without suffering?
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Dr.Ahmadinejad - Khamenei.ir The Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Khamenei stated that the former president of Iran, Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, was appointed a member of the Islamic Republic's Assembly of Experts.
The following is the full text of the direction issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
In this regard, considering your eight-year-long efforts as president of the Islamic Republic of Iran and your experience in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the city of Mashhad on the first day of the year 1393
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and Allah's greetings be upon our Leader and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad and his immaculate household, especially Allah's immaculate household.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me another opportunity to meet you dear people, dear youth, dear people of Mashhad and dear brothers and sisters in the holy place of Habab al-Hasan al-Ridha (a.s.) and to bless the new year by living in the shadow of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
I would like to congratulate all Iranians on the occasion of Norouz and on the arrival of the new year. I hope that our enthroned year will be a year of blessings and happiness, pleasures and good deeds for all Iranians and that it will be the means to acquire knowledge and fear of Allah the Exalted.
During this meeting with our brothers and sisters, there are other topics that I would like to discuss myself.
First of all, we look at the things that have happened to us, our nation and our country and our affairs in the arenas of the world and the region.
In particular, the achievements of the Iranian nation in the year 1390 are due to the efforts of the enemies and the foolish people towards the Iranian nation.
The arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers, the arrogant powers.
Anyone who follows the propaganda of the Iranian nation can openly see the efforts of the laborers, economic efforts, political efforts, military threats and so forth in deceiving the Iranian nation from the arena of progress and progress.
In fact, they wanted to remove the idea that we should be taught by our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and that the Islamic Revolution gave us the power to say that we should not be able to do anything from the heart of the people.
They have done all they can to this goal. The last year has been a year that they have made more efforts to this goal.
I want everyone to realize that the fact that they wanted to see the Iranian nation move ahead on its path, their progress, their resistance and their resistance gave the Iranian nation a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness.
The reason why we speak about the potential and achievements of the Iranian nation is to assure the Iranian nation that the Iranian nation has used its power and that the Iranian nation will not be able to do so.
We do not have weaknesses, we do not have weaknesses, but in the future weaknesses are far more important than weaknesses.
We referred to the year 1390 as the "The Year of Economic Awakening" and we referred to the year 1390 as the "The Year of Economic Awakening".
The achievements of the officials of the country in the arena of economic affairs and the unity of the people over the past year are very important.
One of the things that can be mentioned in this regard is that this policy is based on governmental support.
All economic experts - whether in the previous governments or in the current government - have agreed that this policy should be implemented in the country.
In spite of the fact that this was a common issue, the issue remained unattainable because of the problems and difficulties, but the government and the Parliament of the past year were determined to establish an important part of the project.
The work is not a guardian, but the government officials - whether in the government or in the Parliament - have done so and the people have supported them. The achievements have been made and the important achievements have been done.
This is a great work. This is an important work.
One of the goals of this arrangement is to share the government's support of society in a righteous way.
In a speech, I explained that this kind of support was previously distributed among different parts of the nation through an injustice.
I have a good report from different parts of the country that shows that this has been influenced by improving the lives of disadvantaged people among the people of society.
This is one of the goals of this system and it is the most important purpose of implementing this law.
Another goal is to improve the production system and the economic system of the country.
Based on economic calculations - all of which have shared in this regard - these regulations can be adjusted by implementing these regulations. These regulations can improve the production and use of these regulations.
Another goal is to make good use of the energy available.
Since we are a country that has been blessed with oil, we are accustomed to using oil and gas without consideration.
The way we use these blessings is valuable to many countries in the world. It is possible to say that there are more than all other countries in the world.
It has been calculated and it has been calculated and it has been calculated and it has been calculated and it has been calculated and it has been calculated and it has been calculated and it has been calculated.
When we do not produce the necessary oil in our home, what should we do?
This is to say, the Iranian nation should be fighting against the enemy and the foolish.
In the meantime, the oil used in the country is almost equivalent to the oil used in the country. Therefore, we need not import oil.
This was the work that was done in the year 1390 when our enemies imposed sanctions on us in order to destroy our nation.
But the youth of our nation have acted hard and they have successfully dealt with the enemy's plots.
One of the most important achievements that have been fulfilled in the past century as a result of public zeal is what has been done in the arena of knowledge and technology.
Knowledge and technology are one of the sources of economic stability and stability.
When a nation acquires knowledge that is advanced in modern technology, it acquires wealth and political power, it becomes insensitive and strong.
Because of the importance of scientific advancement and technological advancement, I make this issue especially important.
I have different reports from every day and I can tell you that the progress that has been made in the country is not far beyond what has been announced.
According to a report issued by the approved scientific centers of the world - which is not stated by our scientific centers - today the fastest scientific progress is the one that is taking place in Iran.
In the year 1390 which corresponded to the year 2011, the world educational system in 2011 - which is about three months after its expansion - the Iranian nation made greater scientific progress than it did in 2010 and its progress was up to 20 percent.
This was when the enemies of the Iranian nation threatened to eliminate the Iranian nation and said that we had imposed disastrous sanctions on the Iranian nation, but the Iranian nation succeeded.
Today, the Islamic Revolution that in this region, Iran is the first in the arena of scientific progress and the seventh in the world.
In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural technology. In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural technology. In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural technology. In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of human technology. We made progress in the field of nuclear technology.
Twenty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-th
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - Khamenei.ir The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
They made certain regulations in order to give us the uranium and said that we had to send the uranium to foreign countries, but we failed to accept it.
The Brazilian and Turkish universities have sat down with our president and discussed and signed a treaty.
But after this agreement was signed, the Americans rejected it. They did not want it to be signed, they wanted to do more.
As a result of losing the Americans' promise, the Brazilian and Turkey governments are ashamed of this. This is the case of twenty-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third-third.
Last year they produced 20 percent of the Uranium for the benefit of Tehran's nuclear power and announced it to the world.
Of course they know that the Tehran center is based on medical production - that is to say, surgeries and research - and thousands of sick people are in need of this system.
Our youth immediately established it.
It was a hard work, a hard work, but it has been done and the production of different products is being carried out in the Tehran center and in the domestic arsenal.
This was the case in 1390 B.C.E.
Unfortunately, when it was announced that the exchanges of Uranium were imposed on the inside of the country, they said that you gave to Russia a third-and-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-half-a-half-
That event took place in the year 1390.
All of this was created in the 1390 B.C.E. The fraud of the number of drug addicts and the fraud of domestic products and services.
These are some aspects of the achievements that have been made during the year of the Economic Revolution."
These advances are scientific, technological and scientific, but all of them have a direct influence on the economy of the country.
By the end of the year 1390 - that is to say, this last week - I took the lead in the research center of the oil industry.
I have seen many advances in different fields of knowledge, which can be seen in other areas. One can say that these advances have not been made only in this area. Sometimes our nation has not seen such advances in the past or in the dream.
First of all, the spirit of the jihad is in the hearts of those who are doing this work.
Like the people who engage in jihad, they are in the arena of jihad for God's sake.
There is a difference between those who work for the sake of self-confidence and those who work for the sake of self-confidence and those who work for the sake of God.
This is very valuable and very important.
The second point is that our scholars have made this sanction possible for our nation.
During the last few hours, some people expressed their gratitude to God for their sanctions.
This spirit feels that the enemy's sanctions are valuable and important.
The third characteristic I have seen in this region is the greatest kind of trust.
Some branches of industry are limited to three to four countries. They do not allow anyone to acquire such skills.
Over the years, our country needs to be taught this field and these hardworking and complicated activities have cost a lot of money.
But I saw with my eyes that our messengers were zealous and said that we can.
This kind of confidence among a society and other intellectuals and youths of a society is very valuable.
Another characteristic is acceptance of youth.
Labor is in the hands of youth.
Young people are a source of light and innovation.
Another characteristic is the relationship between industry and universities. I have hoped for a long time.
I repeatedly urged the officials of different branches who were related to the governments of the past to make efforts to establish relations between industry and universities.
Fortunately, I saw that this relationship had been established there.
Of course this is true of all our industries and universities. This will help us to make progress in the field of knowledge.
This is the case in the year 1390. The year that the enemies of the Islamic Revolution raised obstacles from its beginning to its end was the year that they threatened, sometimes under political pressure, and sometimes under sanctions.
In the meantime, the mercenaries of the U.S. government throughout the world are trying to impose this sanction in their minds to destroy the Iranian nation and create confusion between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
There were other major achievements in the year 1390 that included the form of diplomacy that affected the current issues of the region in the year 1390.
The meeting of Islamic Awakening, the meeting of Palestine, the meeting of the Armed Forces, the international international convention and the meeting of youth and Islamic Awakening are all of the activities that have been carried out in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has become the focus of the eyes of the world of Islam, which is awakened today.
In the arena of economic services, thousands of homes have been built for the people.
This is a great and important number. Homes have been built in centuries and streets have been built in roads and roads.
These are the things that have been created during the past decade.
Despite the plots of the enemies and their evil intentions, this nation has stood firm and made such progress.
Of course, it is necessary to realize that the elections have not yet been completed. I hope the people will rise up during the second round of the elections.
This election is very important.
I would like to tell you that I used to say a lot about six months ago and I used to say a lot about six months ago and I used to say a lot about it.
Sometimes they say that there will be a milestone. Sometimes they say that the enemy's opposition to the Iranian nation will slow down. They have made various propaganda movements to prevent the people from making elections.
In less than six months, they carried out the same three-month terrorist activity. Their goal was to frighten our people and kill them.
During the past ten years, the number of members of the legislative and parliamentary Assembly (a.s.) was less than 40 percent.
Dear God, compare this with the Iranian nation - that is to say, the Iranian nation - and that is to say, the importance of the issue will become clear at that time.
The 12th of Esfand is the day of the separation between the people and the Islamic Republic. On the contrary, it is the day of honor for the Islamic Republic and the people of Iran.
This election has proved to be a source of truth and power.
They criticize the events that are happening in Iran. They criticize the events that are happening in Iran. They criticize the events that are happening in Iran. They criticize the events that are happening in Iran.
This is something that has happened in the eyes of the people.
This election is like a revolutionary campaign that has opened up the identity of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to other nations of the world.
This is what happened in the year 1390 and the year when the enemies used their power to destroy the Iranian nation.
These are some of the achievements of the Iranian nation in the year 1390.
Ever since the issue of nuclear power was introduced, it has been adopted by the enemies.
Of course they know and say that Iran does not want to develop nuclear weapons.
This is the case. We do not want to develop nuclear weapons for any reason. We do not want to develop nuclear weapons for any reason. We do not want to develop nuclear weapons for any reason. They do not want to develop nuclear weapons for any reason.
What is the essence of the issue?
The main point is the determination of the Islamic Republic to safeguard the riches of the Islamic Republic.
Today, like the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of political resistance, the day of scientific and military power, the day of nuclear resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance, the day of economic resistance.
For many years, the world will need to make gases. This is a thing that is acceptable to all.
The arrogant powers know that their life depends on oil and gas.
If they do not have a lot of money, they will have to make a lot of money. If they do not have a lot of money, they will have to make a lot of money. If they do not have a lot of money, they will have to make a lot of money. If they do not have a lot of money, they will have to make a lot of money.
The supply of oil and gas in other European and Western countries has been reduced to four years, six years and nine years, so they should use the resources of other countries.
The U.S. government, which has presently calculated 30 billion pounds, is calculated by our scholars - which depended on the figures and figures of the U.S. government - until 2021, that is, nine years to come.
At that time, they will rely on the oil that comes from the Persian Gulf, and over 50 percent of the oil comes from this region.
At that time, they will rely on the three olive oilblocks of our region and on the explosion. One such oilblocks is Iran, and I will explain this.
The Islamic Republic of Iran is the most important part of the world - not just the Persian Gulf, the oil and gas.
Some countries are more than ours, while others are more than ours.
In the sense of the gas blessing, we are the second country in the world - Russia is the first and then we are the fourth country in the arena of the oil. There are three countries that are ahead of us, and the blessings of the oil are far greater than ours. But if the blessings of the Islamic Republic, our great country and the blessings that are available to us are far greater than those of other countries in the world.
This is a striking issue for the countries that use oil and for the arrogant powers whose whole life is dependent on gas, oil and gas.
The Islamic Republic of Iran - according to the achievements that have been realized today - has been achieved for some 10-15 years. This is a serious matter.
What do the arrogant powers want in a country with oil and gas?
They wanted this country to be under a government and an arrangement that would be like a barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren barren bar.
If Iran - which is the oil and gas pillar - has a system and a nationalistic government that has stood firm in order to protect this wealth, refuses to control this treasure and refuses to compromise the policies of the enemies, they will resist this system.
The people who thought that if we were to give up on nuclear issues, America would bring an end to our enmity, they were ignorant of this fact.
Their problem is not nuclear.
There are nations that have nuclear weapons and are present in our region, but they do not care about us.
Therefore, the issue is not about nuclear weapons and the issue of human rights.
The problem is that the Islamic Republic has stood before them like a lion.
If the Islamic Republic had been prepared to deceive its people like some regional countries, it would have been hard for them to do so.
The issue is the tendency of the arrogant powers. This is the basis of their opposition to the Iranian nation.
Of course the Americans were making mistakes.
It is a mistake to think that by means of enmity and threats, they can force the Islamic Republic of Iran to retreat and destroy the Islamic Republic.
The western countries do not allow their nations to realize what calamity they will be facing in the arena of great blessings.
They do not want their nations to understand what is waiting for them regarding the issue of oil and energy. They do not want to tell their nations about these things.
They think that the Iranian nation will be able to advance their activities by manifesting enmity with the Iranian nation.
I would like to tell you dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian people, that America today is in a state of weakness, in a state of weakness, in a state of weakness, in a state of weakness.
I do not want to make excuses for private information or specific information. What I say is more obvious than two hundred and two hundred.
You should see that today's U.S. President has been a victorious victorious victorious victorious.
What does it mean to change?
I want to change this situation. I want to change this situation.
On the contrary, the Americans, who were confined to racial prejudice, were not prepared to give a vote to anybody, but they were not prepared to give a vote to anybody.
The influence of the Revolution on the people of the United States is an indication of the negative reaction of the Revolution. The situation in the United States when the Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution.
Therefore, it is recognized that this is a dangerous situation.
I did not want to say this. The Americans themselves explained that their situation was worse.
Well, this man was on the throne. Did he give birth to the Revolution?
Did he have the opportunity to replace this wicked situation?
This debt is equal or valuable to the domestic production.
This is a serious problem for another country.
This is the political situation of the country. This is what obliged them to leave Iraq without achievement. In Afghanistan, their situation will be worse almost every day.
In Muslim countries, in Egypt, in North Africa, and in Tunisia, America's dignity has been ignored.
In addition to all these things, the movement of Wall Street has taken place in the United States.
Is this a good situation?
Therefore, America is in a very difficult position.
It is possible that America threatens certain countries.
There I would like to tell them that we do not have nuclear weapons and we will not develop nuclear weapons, but in order to protect ourselves from any enemy attack against us - whether against America or against the Zionist regime - we will respond to the enemy attacks.
The Holy Quran promises us: "Whether you are unrepentant or unrepentant, they will not get a helper.
The path of God that lies ahead of this will not be replaced by Allah's (s.w.a.) path.
There is no place in the Holy Quran in which Allah the Exalted said that if you start war and attack, you will be successful. You may be successful and you may be defeated - just as it was in the days of Islam, in the days of the Islamic Revolution, in the days of the Islamic Revolution, in the days of the Islamic Revolution, and in the days of the Islamic Revolution.
But Allah the Exalted promises that when the enemies attack you, they will be defeated.
This should not be thought to be an event involving the beginning of Islam. No, "The path of God that has strayed from this path will not be replaced by God's path" is a divine name.
The Iranian nation is determined with all goodness and does not intend to attack anybody, but it has a relationship with its personality, wealth, position, Islam, Islamic Republic and all its power.
That is to say, when you are consumers of domestic products, you are helping the Iranian pilgrims, you are producing production and you are helping the Iranian nation to make progress.
This false tradition - which is unfortunately common in society and other parts of our society - is a harm to our world, a harm to our progress and future.
Each of us has a responsibility. We should support our domestic production.
Today the officials have a treasure in their hands, and they can use it to strengthen domestic production.
The same is true of people - those who are talented and capable of working - who should cooperate in order to fulfill their responsibilities.
You should be interested in making use of domestic products.
It is not a mistake to be superior to foreign products, in our home, in our chairs, in our daily needs, and in our domestic production. Often the domestic products are superior to the domestic products.
I learned that some of the products that are produced in certain towns of the country are going to sign foreign companies and they are returned to them.
It is possible that a barren buyer would not like them if they were sold here, but because of the fact that they had a sign of the French company, he had to buy this garment, a suitcase or a suitcase. This was a mistake.
The domestic production is very important.
In the arena of production, the majority of the laborers are in the hands of the people. This is an aspect of the refining of the national blessings that was used in the past two years in order to call the Iranian nation to him and another aspect of the jihad for the economy which I spoke about last year.
Dear brothers and sisters throughout the country, we need cooperation and cooperation today.
There are many differences and divisions.
Sometimes in one case, there is a difference between the view and the way two people view matters. But this should not be a cause of disagreement.
Sometimes this person has a different viewpoint and another person has a different viewpoint. This should not be the cause of disagreement.
The Holy Quran teaches us: “ Do not be contentious so as not to be weak and your winds go away." [The Holy Quran, 8: 46] If we are contentious in various political, economic, and social issues, our enemies will have power.
The resistance of our enemies over the years has been the result of a conflict between us and our enemies.
The Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) teaches us: "Those who seek the truth but make a mistake are not equal to those who seek the truth and find it."
One opposer was sincerely interested in the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Revolution and religiously interested in Allah the Exalted, but he made a mistake.
He is different from the person who is used to the Islamic Republic and who is opposed to the Islamic Republic.
Dear God, be kind to one another and be kind to one another. Unfortunately the modern media and Internet media have allowed people to talk badly about one another.
The essence of the issue is that we should personally feel that we should be exemplary in the behavior of Islam.
This is not to say, but it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say.
I would like to support all the youth of the country who are jealous and faithful to the Revolution's Guards Corps. I would like to support all the faithful youth who are jealous of the Revolution's Guards Corps.
Everyone should honor the law.
The Islamic Revolution is part of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the Iranian officials.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the government should honor the president and the president of the country and that they should cooperate with one another.
This does not mean that all of them should be reasonable and reasonable.
I hope that the year 1391 will be a happy year for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.).
Dear God, defeat the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, make this great nation come to its goal. Dear God, make the heart of the Imam of the Age acceptable to us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the city of Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Allah's greetings be upon Fatimah the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) sister, Fatimah the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) sister, Fatimah the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
I would like to extend my greetings to all dear brothers and sisters who have attended this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will prepare our hearts and tongues for the things that are acceptable to him.
It is fitting to say that every year, on the occasion of Norouz, I have the opportunity to be among you and to focus on the issues of the country, the situation of the country, and we should look at the past and the future.
Dear brothers and sisters, you should recognize that we, the Iranian nation, do not pay attention to our matters. There are different people who pay attention to our activities.
There are nations that benefit from our experience. They pay attention to the situation of the Iranian nation.
They feel that they have succeeded. They feel that they have succeeded.
The same is true of some people in the world who focus their attention on our activities.
They are the fanatics of the Iranian nation.
They are the people who have dominated the country for many years. They are the people who have dominated the country for many years.
The Islamic Revolution broke their hands and broke their hands.
Therefore, they oppose the Revolution, they oppose the Revolution's Government and the Islamic Republic.
Therefore, we are under the oversight of a large number of humanity.
Therefore, when we look at our past and future plans, our perspective should be realistic and balanced.
Some of our people look at the situation of the country and see only the weaknesses of the country.
They see nothing except the cost of production, domestic production and the pressure of the enemy's number.
I have a different perspective.
When I look at the situation of our country and our nation, I think that it is a challenging field, and the Iranian nation is the one that has success in this regard despite the enmity of the enemies.
There are certain weaknesses and problems in the country. There are some of the most powerful and powerful people in the world who are working hard to corrupt the Iranian nation.
She said that we want to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic. She said that we want to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic. She said that we want to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic.
I will explain what they have done and what they have done in the future.
Therefore, there are enmity and enmity of the enemy in the face of the challenge of the Iranian nation, and there are achievements that demonstrate the power and capabilities of the great Iranian nation.
When a person looks at this arena, it is like a sports arena where there is effort and competition, but it is one champion who can win the race for the rest of the people.
The victory of this great arena is the Iranian nation.
Anyone who looks at this arena and looks at it carefully, will be grateful to the Iranian nation, just as we now hear these expressions of mercy from the nations of the world, including those opposing countries, and will blaspheme the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, university scholars and other people who know where the world is going and who look at the situation and who are thankful to the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to pay attention to all these efforts throughout the country and to the results of these efforts.
Who are these people?
Eventually, I will clarify this.
The enemies who do not hope to see the progress of the Iranian nation in all arenas have two basic steps: First, as long as they can, they will do everything they can to see that the Iranian nation has not made such progress.
They will do so by making sanctions, by threatening, by interfering with government officials and other public affairs, by turning the people and intellectuals of Iran away from important things. Second, by denying the progress of the Iranian nation, they will deny the progress of the Iranian nation.
In his speech, the U.S. President referred to the economic problems faced by Iran. He was referring to the achievements he made.
He said that the value of the Iranian nation and that there are economic problems here and there.
But he did not mention the good things that have been done in the country and the great achievements of the Iranian nation. Thirty years have passed since we have faced the same challenges - which I am going to further the achievements of the past 30 years - and they have not done anything to stop the country from moving ahead under the shadow of the Islamic Revolution.
The year 1391 was one of the many years that our enemies were overwhelmed by their deeds of resistance.
They say that we want to corrupt the Iranian nation by imposing sanctions.
Because if the Islamic Republic is firm and prosperous, it will lose its sense of identity.
Therefore, if they are not able to do so, they should not be able to do so. If they are not able to do so, they should try to do so by means of their media and propaganda.
Today, they do not hold back. They do not hold back. They do not hold back. They do not try to interfere with the pressures, threats, sanctions and other things.
We said that there are enemies.
Who are these enemies?
What is the essence of the Iranian nation's schemes?
The answer to this question is not hard.
Thirty-four years have passed since the name of the “ enemy ” has been applied in the minds and hearts of the Iranian nation to the US government.
It is good for American officials to realize that over the past 30 years, the Iranian nation has seen certain things that you have made from the name of the enemy, and their hearts are moving towards America.
This is an important point that every government that wants to live in a society should pay attention to this issue and learn its own lessons.
They are the main elements of this movement.
Of course there are other enemies, but we do not see them as the enemies of the Islamic Revolution.
The Zionists are enemies of the Iranian nation, but the Zionist governments have not reached our position among the enemies of the Iranian nation.
At times the officials of the Zionist regime threatened us and threatened us with military attacks. But in my opinion they also knew, and if they did not know, they would know that if they threatened them, the Islamic Republic would destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa".
The corrupt government of England is also opposed to the Iranian nation.
England is one of the old enemies of the Iranian nation.
The Anglo-American government itself has no freedom.
There are other governments that show hostility.
I would like to announce that in recent years the officials of the French government have demonstrated their enmity toward the Iranian nation.
A shrewd person, especially a shrewd person who knows what to do with politics, should not turn a person who does not belong to him as an enemy.
We do not have a problem with the government and France. We do not have a problem with the government throughout history, but we do not have a problem with the Iranian nation. We do not have a problem with the Iranian nation.
This is a mistake from our viewpoint and it is a lack of reason and caution.
In their speech, the Americans said that they are part of the world. They named certain countries as part of the world. They named America, their Zionist mercenaries, the British government and other governments.
The world does not oppose Iran and the Islamic Republic of Iran. In the meantime, we want to look back in the year 1391 and we should know that since the beginning of the year 1391 the Americans have made their new plans.
Since the beginning of the year 1391 they have imposed severe sanctions on the Iranian nation.
They are opposed to enmity, but they hope that the Iranian nation will not recognize that they are enemies and they are not opposed to them.
During the past few years, Imam Ali (r.a.) said that you should be careful not to let your expressions of affection and affection be damaged in society. You want to be friendly, but you want to be bad in society.
The U.S. government has appointed a number of special people to speak to the countries of the world, to speak to the countries of the world, to speak to the leaders of the companies and to see that they have not established any economic ties with the restoration of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
They should denounce them if they conclude an alliance with the Islamic Republic.
They started this work since the beginning of the year 1391, especially since Mordaviat.
In the months that followed, I would like to say that the Americans expressed their feelings and said that I was convinced of the effect of the sanctions. Of course, it would not be said that the sanctions did not affect them if they wanted to be happy.
Our economy has faced the challenge of relying on oil.
We should pay attention to our economy and rely on oil. Our governments should pay attention to their plans.
Seventy-eight years ago I told the government that they should make an arrangement that we could shut up our oilfields whenever we wanted to.
At that time, some who called themselves “ artists ” laughed and said that this was possible.
Of course, it is possible, it is necessary, it is necessary, it is necessary.
When the economy of a country is at stake, the enemy is at stake.
Restrictions have been influenced, but they are not influenced by the enemies.
The enemies of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
They should pay attention to the Islamic Republic. They should pay attention to the Islamic Republic. They should pay attention to the Islamic Republic. They should pay attention to the Islamic Republic. They should pay attention to the Islamic Republic.
The opposite is what they want to see.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps represents two thirds of all nations in the world. The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps attended Tehran's Assembly.
All of them showed mercy to the Iranian nation.
They said these things to us, and they said these things in their conversation with the media, and their people believed these things after they returned home.
This is to say, the enmity of the enemies of the Iranian nation has taken place.
They have failed to influence them.
In the arena of domestic politics, the goal of imposing this sanctions is to put doubts in the hearts of the Iranian nation in connection with their past course.
On the 22nd of Bahman, the Iranian nation gave the Iranian nation an opportunity to show the love and affection shown by the Islamic Republic and the Revolution.
In the arena of security, they have done everything they can to destroy the well-being of the country, and government officials have been able to shed light on these things in the media.
In the political arena of the region, they have tried to eliminate the influence of the Islamic Republic.
In the regional political arena, they have proved that no problem can be solved without the presence of Iran and Iran's approval.
In the face of the Zionist regime's attack to Gaza, the Zionists were defeated by the Palestinian resistance by their own presence.
They said, not that we have said, but that if the Islamic Republic did not exist and its power, the Palestinian resistance would not be able to stand firm in the presence of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
Because during the eight-day siege of the Palestinians, they succeeded in defeating the Zionist regime.
I said that their efforts were not to be influenced. On the other hand, they were influenced, but on the other hand they brought us a great victory.
That is to say, the Iranian nation has been treated with great achievements and the Iranian nation has been treated with great achievements and the Iranian nation has been treated with great achievements.
Our youth achieved success without the sanctions, and we could not have achieved these achievements. In the arena of national construction, which I will explain in the future, in the year 1391 we made progress compared to the years before.
Many international developments have been carried out in the construction process, in the archaeological process, in the recovery process, in the recovery process, in the recovery process, in the recovery process, in the recovery process, in the recovery process, in the recovery process, in the recovery process, in the recovery process, in the recovery process.
In the year 1391, we made rapid progress in the field of knowledge.
In the field of knowledge and technology, the past year was a year of great achievements that would make the people who had faith in the good news of the nation rejoice.
That is to say, this year our dear youth and our dear scholars sent the Nahid human stars to the universe. The living creation was sent to the universe through Peshgam, and the modern-day airplanes were built.
When this living creature was sent to the universe and brought his life back to life in good health, scientists initially denied this because it was a great surprise to them.
But after the truth was revealed to all, they found that they had no choice but to accept it.
In the field of health and medical affairs, there have been great achievements that have to do with people's health.
In the arena of natural knowledge, we remained in the region.
There were great achievements, and there were other medications.
All these things were done in the year that the Iranian nation was set aside to denounce good people and all human achievements.
This year we are taking the lead in various important fields of knowledge.
In the field of scientific competition and university technology, the country has progressed by 30 percent compared to the past year.
In the year 1391 the number of university students increased twenty-five times compared to the beginning of the Revolution.
That is to say, the number of university students increased by 25 percent in the past year.
This is the great achievement of the Iranian nation.
In the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, and in the region.
All of this has been achieved in the year when the enemies of the Iranian nation have done everything they can to defeat the Iranian nation.
There are valuable lessons in the events of the year 1391 for us. The lesson is that any nation that is alive will not be overcome by the threats and pressures of the enemy.
She explained that what is important to a nation is trusting in its power, trusting in Allah the Exalted, trusting in its own interests and not trusting in its enemies.
This is what will sustain the future.
The year 1391 proved to be a stage of test and test.
Of course we recognize our weaknesses. This is the nature of the archaeologists.
During the Armed Forces, the Army recognizes its power and weakness in order to deal with it.
We understand what weaknesses are.
This weakness is due to our trust and trust - which I said was one of the weaknesses that we have faced - our lack of political, economic, and social security.
The government officials - the officials who are now on the throne and the officials who will come after the presidential election - should pay attention to this issue.
Another important point is that the foundation of the country is a solid foundation.
When the foundation is strong, the machinations of the enemy will not exert a powerful influence.
If the officials of the great country and such a powerful foundation recognize their responsibilities and carry out their duties properly, they will be able to transfer any threats to another opportunity. Just as in the year 1391 we transferred the threats of the enemy to another opportunity to feed ourselves.
The influence of the officials and the people of the country during the year 1391 will be seen in the future.
Of course the economy is a very important issue that has not been discussed over the years, but the economy is not just an important issue. National security is important, human health is important, scientific advancement is important.
Because if knowledge progresses in the country, all other activities that will eventually come will be simplified.
The issue of independence and national dignity is important. The issue of independence and national security is important. The issue of independence and security is important.
In all these areas, we have made progress.
It is in the sense of security or in the sense of health, in the sense of national influence and in the sense of power and solving different problems that have been faced by the country.
By such progress, our nation has made sure that it does not mean that we should fall back. This is very important.
The arrogant powers of the world and the colonial powers - in the face of direct domination - today and America wants to show the nations of the world that if you want a better life and make progress, you must be subject to our authority.
The Iranian nation reaffirms that this is a lie.
Our nation is convinced that lack of trust in America and other great powers will not only result in failure, but it is also the result of progress.
There are such countries that are dependent on America.
You can see how the Islamic Republic has 30 years of experience. You can see how the Islamic Republic has 30 years of experience.
Anyone who reads this will realize that the lack of trust in the great world is an opportunity for a nation, not a threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation used this opportunity because of its power, power, and knowledge.
In the past, we have done this for a time and we have seen his success.
One example of this is the issue of 20 percent of the nuclear production that the Tehran Research Center needs in order to produce the important products that the country needs.
The small arsenal needs 20 percent of the weapons, which we did not produce at the time.
They should pay attention to national needs in order to force the Islamic Republic to acknowledge their needs.
But even before the issue reached a position that could be a problem for us, our youth and our experts decided to put forth 20 percent of the year's energy in order to satisfy the needs of the organization.
Our opposers did not expect us to do so.
But at the time the officials of our government realized that the need was greater and that the Iranian nation was strengthened and that we succeeded.
When they anticipated the presence of the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic announced that we had prepared the Islamic Republic and that we did not need it.
If our youth did not do this, today we would be humbled, oppressed and expensive when we went to the people who were opposed to us.
The officials of the country realized this and then did what they should do.
Therefore, we should be successful. This should be the government in all areas of the country. The Iranian governments, industries, farmers, businessmen and contractors, intellectuals and intellectuals should carry out this weighty responsibility, and it should be careful that the enemy should be prepared and advanced in their plans.
It is necessary to make research in this regard. It is necessary to make research in this regard.
If they are to engage in industrial or scientific activities, all of them should be in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to work hard to build the country in such a way that it cannot be pressured and influenced by the enemy.
We should safeguard it. This is one of the greatest obstacles to the economy of resistance.
In the economy of resistance, one of the most important elements is that the economy of resistance to any threat.
The economy should be resisting threats. It should be able to resist any obstacles from the enemies.
This is the first thing that I should tell you.
The second point is that the Americans repeatedly address us in different ways, asking us to discuss nuclear issues.
The high-ranking officials of the United States and the Middle Ages repeatedly tell us that you should come behind the nuclear negotiations, the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran and sit at the negotiating table for the nuclear system of Iran. I do not have any good hope for this negotiation.
Why?
Because our experience shows that negotiating from the standpoint of the Americans does not mean that we should sit down to determine the right path and the right path. This does not mean that negotiating.
What they mean is that we should sit down and talk to you in order to agree with what we say.
Therefore, we have always announced that this is not a negotiation.
Of course, I do not have a good idea of what they say, but I do not try to stop it.
But there are other points that I should clarify:
First of all, the Americans repeatedly dispatched us in writing, sometimes in writing, and sometimes in writing, saying that we do not want to fish the Islamic Republic.
Our answer is that we are not concerned whether you want to fish the Islamic Republic or not, but let us say that you do not want to replace the Islamic Republic.
On that occasion, when you were determined to shape the Islamic Republic and openly said that you were unable to do anything, you would not be able to do anything in the future too.
The second point is that the Americans are telling us that we are really doing the issue of the negotiations.
That is to say, we really want to communicate with you and we do not want to communicate with you.
I tell them this way: We have repeatedly told you that we do not want to construct the Armed Forces, but you say that you do not agree with them.
Why should we agree with what you say?
If you are not prepared to accept a word of truth that is logical and logical, why should you not agree with your comments that you have repeatedly confirmed?
Our understanding of the counsel of the Americans is a deceptive and deceptive tactic for the people of the world and our people.
You should make sure that this is not the case.
Can you be sure?
I would like to announce that one of their methods is that some people from the Leader of the Islamic Revolution have communicated with the Americans on occasion.
This is propaganda, and this is propaganda.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution has not spoken to them.
The third point is that America does not want nuclear negotiations to end.
The Americans do not want nuclear negotiations to end and solve the problem. Otherwise, if they want nuclear negotiations to end and solve the problem, it is a clear and simple way to solve the problem.
What Iran wants about the issue of nuclear power is that the world recognizes its responsibility to destroy the nuclear power.
The most powerful powers of the world should recognize that the Iranian nation has the responsibility to destroy Uranium for the sake of peace in its own country.
This is a great hope. This is what we always say, and they do not want it.
They say that we are concerned that you are going to develop nuclear weapons.
They are the people of other countries whom I mentioned in the past. They call themselves the people of the world.
They say that the “ nations of the world ” are in trouble.
No, the world is not troubled.
Many of the world's countries support the Islamic Republic and our needs. They have done so on account of the Iranian nation's sincere needs.
They should recognize the responsibility of Iran to disrupt Uranium and they can apply the laws of the Governing Body in order to eliminate these concerns.
Whenever we reach the path to solving the problem, the Americans will set up a wall that will prevent this path from being solved.
Their goal, as we can see, is that they want this issue to continue so that they are under pressure.
These pressures, just as they themselves say, are a source of insult to the Iranian nation. They cannot always insult the Iranian nation.
The fourth and final point in this regard is that if the Americans sincerely want the issue to end, I will offer them a solution.
This is the way: America should put an end to the enmity of the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want to put an end to our problems - just as they say that we want to be free of problems between Iran and America - they will put an end to their enmity.
For the past 34 years, the different American governments have planned to exploit the Iranian nation because of their misunderstandings.
Since the first year of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic Republic, they have shown us enmity.
In the arena of security, they have planned to destroy our security. They have acted in a hostile way, they have defamed our country. They have supported our great and powerful enemies for many decades. They have made plans to destroy our economy.
Therefore, I call the American officials: If they are looking for the right path, the right path is to adjust their policies, adjust their activities and end their opposition to the Iranian nation. This is the end of the issue.
There is another issue which should be discussed in a short time and which is the issue of elections.
elections in our country are a manifestation of political enthusiasm.
The Islamic Republic is one of the characteristics of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is one of the characteristics of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is one of the characteristics of the Islamic Republic.
The Islamic democracy is a symbol of nationality and Islamic democracy.
Therefore, considering the importance of elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation constantly strive to create a fitna in the elections.
They organized programs that would prevent the people from participating in elections, killing the people and causing them to lose their love.
Over the years that we have made elections - whether the election of a local parliament or the election of a national president - our enemies have always tried to see that elections are not favorable. This is because elections are important in our country.
There are two months and a few months that have passed.
But now I will mention a few things.
First of all, the issue of elections is that the presence of the people and their flocks during elections are very important.
The presence of the people during elections can reduce the threat of the enemies. It can cause the enemies to disrupt the security of the country.
Our people should know wherever they are in the country, that their great presence during the elections will influence the future of the country, including security, freedom, national security, economic security, and all the important issues of the country.
This is the first point. That is to say, by Allah's grace and by Allah's grace and by the Iranian nation, the election will be a great election.
The second point is that all members of the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a responsibility for all, and this is a responsibility for all.
elections are not based on one party or one political party.
Whoever believes in the Islamic Republic and in the independence of the country and whoever is interested in the future of the country and whoever is interested in the progress of the people should enter into this election.
Turning against elections is the right thing for those who oppose this system.
The third point is that the opinions and opinions of the people are determining the results of elections.
You should consult with the people whom you approve so that you can identify the right person to choose him.
I do not have a lot of money.
I, like other people, had one vote and had one vote before I threw it into the election box, and no one knew who would not.
It is possible for the people who are taking the lead in the elections to identify the writings and get the sense of which one I am not voting.
If someone makes such a statement, it is not true.
Certainly in these days and in the amazing media - such as the electronic media and so forth - they have spread the good news to different people.
It is possible for one person to send thousands of messages.
I was that it is possible to send hundreds of millions of such messages in elections.
Therefore, be careful not to be influenced by these things.
No, any individual or any political party can turn the attention of other people to it - but in this regard, no one will hear anything from me.
Of course, people can make decisions and help one another identify the right person.
Of course the principle is the opinions and opinions of the people.
The fourth point is that in matters related to elections and non elections, all people should pay attention to the law.
What happened in the year 1388 after the election of the president of the country - which inflicted harm on the country and resulted in loss on the country - was the result of a lack of respect for the law of the people.
It is possible for people to adjust to what I want, but I should respect it.
It is necessary to show respect for what is done by the majority of nations.
It is necessary to use these legal methods.
This is one of the shortcomings that cannot be fulfilled in comparison with what happened in the year 1388.
This will be a lesson for the Iranian nation.
The last point is that everyone should know that what we need from the president of the country is the good things they have and the weaknesses they have.
Everybody should know that the leader of the country of all ages should have the good that the leader of the country has, but not the weakness that he has.
Everyone has an aspect of strength and weakness.
The leaders of the country - whether they are now or they will come in the future - have certain aspects of power and weakness.
The future leader should have what is called today as part of the power of the government and the current leader of the country.
That is to say, in the governments that we have, the governments that are coming and the governments that are moving towards one another should move towards one another.
The people who are willing to enter the arena must enter with full confidence in God and with full confidence in the power of this nation.
Dear God, bestow kindness on this nation.
Dear God, make the life of the Imam of the Age rejoice with all of us.
Dear God, make Imam Khomeini's heart rejoice with the spirit of our martyrs.
Dear God, make the things that we say in behalf of you and your path, and accept the blessings of your generosity.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with some of its economic, government officials and other merchants who discussed the economic situation of Iran.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to congratulate the dear brothers and sisters who are taking the lead in different areas of the economy of the country.
On the other hand, today's meetings are an indication of the importance of this system of things to the economy of the region, the region and the country.
We want that one day in the month of Ramadan the government's economic, commercial, and other sectors should come to this country, sit down, listen to the things they have for some time and be dismissed in the country and make sure that this government should pay the same importance to economic matters and economic advancement.
This is the first thing, and it is confirmed and it will be presented at this meeting.
This is a message to all, whether government officials in the area of economic matters, economic officials in all areas of the country and other people who should pay similar attention to the issue of economic matters today.
The second point which has been prepared for this meeting is that, thankfully, it is not possible for government officials to present a report on the realities of the country, the progress of the country and the movement that is being done to the people.
I am not saying that it is not always necessary to say what progress has been made, but it is not always necessary to say what progress has been made. Everyone knows what I think. I believe that it is necessary to say what success has been accompanied by the efforts of the government officials and the blessings that have been accomplished in the country.
I would like to tell you that I have a relationship with people. People do not know about these advances.
The events that you have presented in different areas - which I have written shortly and which will be prepared for a personal report by Allah's favor - are often unrealistic.
Great achievements are being carried out in the country. This is a source of pride for the Iranian nation.
It is the progress of the Iranian nation.
In the field of production, in the field of ministry, in the field of agriculture, in the field of industry, in the field of knowledge, and so forth.
It is good to hear this from the officials of various non-governmental branches. This is something that will increase the power and happiness of the people.
It is good for all of us to understand that today one of the best ways to fight the enemies of the Iranian nation is to kill the people of Iran. I would like to pay attention to this issue.
This is not to say, it is not to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it
We should bear in mind that we have made some progress, that is, 40 percent of progress, and 60 percent of progress.
First of all, we have named the year 1390 as the year of the Economic Revolution.
The policy of the arrogant powers is to corrupt the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in the economic arena.
The issue of nuclear sanctions is not the basis for the issue of nuclear sanctions.
You may recall that when they imposed a great sanction, which was the beginning of their sanction against the country, there was no nuclear issue in the country at that time.
Of course, it is not a very important sanction, but it is still a sanction that is known as the "D'Amato" sanction - a sanction that was adopted by a man of the same name in the U.S.S.A. This sanction was a period of time when there was no mention of nuclear power at the time.
The purpose of the sanctions is to weaken the economy of Iran.
Fortunately, the Iranian nation has endured this sanction for 32 years.
Of course, the sanctions have been imposed in recent years, but the results of different international construction projects have been unprecedented. Thirty years have passed since the imposition of these sanctions, and it is possible that the sanctions have inflicted more on us today than they have promised.
Therefore, it is necessary to prepare for it. It is necessary to identify our opponents, to identify the weapons, and to prepare the weapons against them.
Of course, this calls for economic jihad.
It is not every movement that is called jihad.
A movement that has many characteristics is called jihad.
The movement against such enmity is one of the main characteristics of jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
Therefore, economic jihad means the continued movement of the Iranian nation and the goal of destroying the enemy's enmity.
Another point is that in the preparation for national advancement - which is a very important preparation to feed the country - we have prepared a plan to feed the country in important areas of personal life.
Of course the other nations will not sit down and look at us first. They too are continuing their efforts.
Of course we do not use the methods they use, and we will never use them. We are pursuing the best path and the best path. But we trust that the first step can be achieved.
Therefore, this calls for jihad.
This effort should be strong and thoughtful in order to reach the first position.
No, the future of the nations today is based on it.
If a country in the arena of economic, scientific and technological matters fails to establish what it needs and to make progress, its oppression will continue with a lack of compassion.
We do not want to be mistreated.
Our country has been victim to violence for two years.
The weakness of the world-loving unrighteous government and the machinations of the enemies are the reasons for this oppression.
Since the early 1800 ’ s, the Anglo-American Revolution has been pressured into the political systems of the country and has been pressured into the political systems of the country for a long time.
It was 1800 when the first ambassador of England entered the country - from India. That is to say, when the Indian government was at the hands of the British government and the central government was at the hands of the British government - from that city of Bushehr, when he left the boat, he began to bribe and buy people.
Both the sons of the king, the kings and others immediately reached this man. The plots of the enemies began in this country. Those unconscious kings of that time allowed the enemy to speak and press on in this country.
We do not want this to continue.
The Islamic Revolution created a large shield of power in front of them.
We want this shield to grow stronger.
We should not allow them to interfere in our economy, culture, politics, and the future of our country in any way.
One of the sources of domestic power is the economy.
This is why we should be in the first place.
This is not because the future of this nation is determined.
Therefore, it is necessary to preserve the capacities and capacities of the country. It is necessary to preserve the capacities and capacities of the country.
We have heard this and we see this in the progress of the country during the Revolution.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, no one will believe that this will happen.
What is happening in different areas is the same. What is happening in different areas is the same. What is happening in different areas is the same. What is happening in different areas is the same. What is happening in different areas is the same.
I would like to say that this is the result of my knowledge of different parts of the country.
This is an important point.
The economic power that we have is equally important.
I used to say that comparing the blessings of our country with the number of our people and the people of the world, they are valued.
The majority of the country are estimated to be one percent of the world ’ s population. Just as our country estimates one percent of the world ’ s population - so it is necessary to have one percent of the world ’ s resources, but in some places our resources are estimated to be 3,4 percent and 5 percent.
These are important and valuable areas.
In fact, the issue of water shortages which is now addressed in the country is the same as the issue of water shortages which is now addressed in the country, but this issue can be solved through the implementation of the appropriate scientific methods, which have been mentioned by some brothers and sisters.
Therefore, the country is truly blessed.
The same is true of our place and of our region.
We are an important point.
Our neighborhood with two oceans and our relationship with the important region between the East and the west - that is, between Asia and Europe - is an important part of the region.
These are good things for us.
As mentioned in the preceding article, we have achieved a fifth-five-five-five-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half-a-half.
That is to say, a plan of four years has already been completed. Last year is the beginning of the fifth plan.
Of course, many preparations have been carried out during the past few years.
As was the report that we have heard, there are important things that have been carried out, but there are certain things that have not been carried out and that must be done.
The policies that have been adopted in the arena of reform, the policies that have been adopted in the country, the policies that have been adopted in the country, the policies that have been adopted in the country, the policies that have been adopted in the country, the policies that have been adopted in the country, the policies that have been adopted in the country, the policies that have been adopted in the country, the policies that have been adopted in the country and the policies that have been adopted in the country.
If we are able to carry out these arrangements according to the orderliness, we will be able to benefit from these opportunities and blessings.
These policies can promote unity and promote economic progress.
Of course some of the goals that have been achieved have not been achieved in the past decade, but there are various reasons why they have not achieved this achievement - including internal and external issues.
The issue of achieving 8 percent progress, reducing the loss of employment, reducing the production rate, or reducing the production rate - which I mentioned on that occasion - was one of the things that had not been achieved.
This is to say, it is necessary to put forth greater effort in this five-year arrangement in order to have the opportunity to fulfill the priorities.
According to this law, we should reevaluate governmental sovereignty and governmental economic activities.
The goal is to create a competitive economy through the introduction of merchants and investors in the arena of economy.
They calculated that the cost of investing in the last five years amounted to about $ 16 billion ( U.S. ) per year.
This is necessary.
In the arena of management of the 44th law, good achievements are carried out, but they are not achieved. The issue is not just that we should pay more attention to the economic system. We should pay more attention to the economic system. In addition to this achievement, there are other achievements that must be carried out.
There are always good things, but there are always bad things.
Over the years, I have discussed the issue of fighting terrorists against the economy.
When I introduced this issue, a few approached me and said that your frequent remarks on the issue of economic terrorism would frighten the mercenaries to enter the arena of economic security.
I said that this is something that will encourage them to enter.
If a businessman wants to obtain legal food and wants to conduct law-abiding legal activities, if he realizes that government officials are not going to take action against law-abiding citizens, this will be a source of encouragement to him.
We are opposed to government officials, and we are opposed to government officials, and we are opposed to government officials, and we are opposed to government officials, and we are opposed to government officials, and we are opposed to government officials, and we are opposed to government officials, and we are opposed to government officials and we are opposed to government officials.
Fortunately, many of the economic and economic ministers and government officials are present in this area.
They heard what they said - whether they spoke about the good things they said or they spoke about the consequences they had. I invite you to take a closer look at the things you heard and to think about them.
We should not allow the things that have been said to cease here.
The Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps are responsible.
In this regard, I will refer to two to three things: one to the government and the other and one to the other and one to the other.
First of all, the issue of implementing the policy of cooperation is the area in which production is needed. Production is the basis of the economy.
Regarding the purpose of the government's services in the material needs of the day and the activities that have taken place in this arena, it is necessary to pay attention to the support that is needed in the arena of production.
Of course, some of the officials whom we spoke to believe that they did not need 30 percent during the night.
It may be that in some areas, but the quality of production requires the support of governmental organizations.
We should benefit from this. We should benefit from this. We should benefit from this. We should benefit from this.
Of course, the sector of commerce has a responsibility in this regard: the use of weapons, the use of weapons and the re-creation of weapons.
Some of the government officials complained that some of the company officials did not do anything to re-create their advanced engineers and to use the weapons effectively.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue.
Of course, it is necessary to pay attention to the needs of the government in this regard.
Of course, this is happening, and it is related to the people whom I referred to - the people whom I referred to and whom I referred to - and whom I referred to and whom I referred to and whom I referred to and whom I referred to.
It is necessary to face this issue with all strength so that sincere and willing laborers can carry out their responsibilities.
The following is the issue of import and import. I have discussed this issue with the officials on several occasions.
There is no opposer to import and import, but it is necessary to organize import and import.
The magazine so that we do not allow a certain time - such as the days of the Eid al-Adha - to become a loss on the market. It is not a big reason to increase the standard of importance.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic production.
Of course, it is said that the import of domestic products will benefit from domestic production. Unless domestic products are imported, domestic products will not be imported by domestic products and the cost of domestic products.
This is not a powerful reason for me.
The issue of import and import is especially the issue of agriculture. I think the issue of import and production is a issue that needs more reason than the issue of import and import today.
We have good things in the field of agriculture.
One of the teachers presented a report on the value of the garden.
Our country is one of the most prominent countries in the world.
We should increase our production.
We should not import such products from Latin America. We should not import such products from Latin America.
The following is the issue of expansion.
Of course, government officials have a responsibility to help the production of goods.
Fortunately, as one of our brothers pointed out, the importance of nonessential products has been achieved in the future. We hope that the importance of the products will be achieved in the future. We hope that the importance of the products will be achieved in the future.
We should reach a position in which we can enrich the importance of oil.
One of the greatest disasters that confront our economy and all the future resources of the country is the dependence on the value of oil.
In the past few years - although the government officials at that time did not accept it - we should reach the position that if one day because of the political and economic issues of the world, we might decide to stop selling our oil for 15 days or a month.
Take a look at what is happening in the world.
Today we cannot do this because we need this opportunity.
Every day that the economy of the country is dependent on oil and oil, the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will have a measure of power in order to make their influence more powerful in the world.
This is what we should do. This is what we should do. This is what we should do. This is what we should do.
In this regard, the laborers and their officials have a responsibility. In fact, the countries that have been mentioned as far as many of the goods we have been delivered are from those countries, we have learned of the bad things that many laborers have done in those countries.
For some 50 years, the world has produced products and distributed them to customers.
For example, German and Swiss companies have produced and sold products for some 50 or 60 years and have produced products in our country and in other countries.
Why?
It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
This is the requirement of a culture. It is necessary to improve the culture and production of domestic and international products.
The issue of fighting economic terrorism is very important.
If a corrupt man does not have a corrupt man in the government who is willing to help him, he will not be able to make economic threats.
Therefore, government officials have a responsibility to prevent the spread of economic corruption in government organizations.
For example, when you realize that a disease has occurred in a rural area, you will have no mercy and compassion. You know that if you make a decision, it will not happen only to thousands of people.
The same is true of economic corruption.
If anywhere in the government, you have heard or noticed an indication of economic corruption - here I speak to government officials - you should not be disappointed.
Economic terrorism is one of the dangerous and urgent diseases. Therefore, it is necessary to be careful about this.
One of the things that must be done is to organize the full-time preparation for the unity of the Guards Corps. In this 44th policy, we referred to the unity of the Guards Corps.
We need a complete policy in the arena of unity.
As one member of the Islamic Revolution pointed out, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution and the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution.
One of the main issues is that we should pay attention to the issue of exposing the opportunities to invest invest investments in the country.
That is to say, the merchants should know where the opportunity is greater. They should know that they are not the only ones who will benefit from this.
Those who have an experience will be disappointed.
The information should be available to all and all.
Of course in the preceding governments, there were many things that were done in the government, but there were few things that were not done in the country.
It is necessary to do more in this regard.
There are certain things that I have written about, but since the time of the prayers has drawn near, I will stop them.
I hope Allah the Exalted will increase the interests of the people who love the country, the people who love the country, the Islamic Republic and the future of this nation.
The same is true of the efforts that we have made to strengthen the economy in the past year.
We hope that everybody will do more.
The future of this country is a bright future. The power and blessings of this country are many things.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, zeal and strength in this country.
This country has the greatest opportunity to be called the second honorable country in the world.
The length of our history, our cultural inheritance, the power of the people and the national blessings are all of this.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the city of Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to God. Survival and faithfulness belong to our Leader and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted to bestow my life on this blessed site. I am thankful to Allah the Exalted to bestow my life on Imam Ali (r.a.) on the first day of the year.
I would like to congratulate all the brothers and sisters who have gathered together in Norouz and the great crowd on the occasion of Norouz and the arrival of the new year on the occasion of Norouz.
In fact, this assembly is an example of the Iranian nation.
There are brothers and sisters from Mashhad.
I would like to extend my greetings to all and to all of them.
For all Iranian Muslims and Muslims in other countries who honor this event, Norouz is an honorable opportunity to use it in the religious and Islamic areas.
The Islamic viewpoint is that we should strive to benefit from every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity.
We should make known to ourselves the lofty goals of Islam.
In these days, it is an opportunity to pay attention to peace, to return to Allah the Exalted, to listen to the good words of others and to meet in religious places.
The fact is that during the past few decades, especially during the time of the establishment of the Islamic Republic of Iran, our nation used Norouz to seek closer to Allah the Exalted.
The evidence is that when you look at the timing of the arrival of the new year, you see that the vast majority of the people are gathered in places of worship, in hubs, in places of worship and in public places.
This means that the Iranian nation is making efforts to benefit from this symbol and religious rituals.
It is good to imitate this example in all things, and it is good to use Norouz to increase our knowledge, spirituality, religion, Islamic jurisdiction and Islamic qualities.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow success on all of us, the Iranian nation.
During the time that Allah the Exalted has prepared the opportunity, I will discuss three other issues.
The first point is about the events that took place in the year 1389 and the last year, and we see that in the year 1389 the Iranian nation and government officials took steps in different ways. The second point is about the year that begins today.
The third point has to do with what is happening in the region, the things in the region of the Middle East, the things in North Africa and the things in the region of Islam, and the enemy efforts of the Islamic Ummah are based on what is happening.
Regarding the first issue, I can say that the year 1389 - the year of the Revolution and the year of the Revolution - was noted throughout the year, and our people in different areas showed their genuine determination.
Of course the outcome of this great effort and efforts will be seen and recognized in the future, but in the first glance of the year 1389 and the actions of the officials of the country and the actions of the people with the help of their officials, there is a clear indication of their zeal and action.
This is evident in many arenas.
First, let us focus on knowledge and technology.
At the beginning of the year 1389, I was able to visit one of the most important industries of the country. And at the end of the month of Esfand, I was able to visit another team of scientific and technological projects.
The advances that have been made in the field of knowledge and technology in the country today are far beyond what is being announced to the people. I can tell you about this.
This great scientific movement has been established in different areas since the past.
On one occasion, I used to read from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.w.a.) householder's (s.) householder's (s.) householder's (s.) householder'
Knowledge and technology have a similar characteristic.
Today the movement of the country in the arena of education and technology is clearly seen in many areas, especially in new areas.
In various areas - in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena, in the archaeological arena.
As I said on the night of Norouz, different organizations of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
There are two to three important issues in this issue of scientific and technological advancement which I think I should explain myself.
The first point is that many of the experts in this arena are young people.
The age of these scholars is from 35 to 30 years - most of them are young - which needs to be trusted in these youth. Certainly there are faithful older scholars who are doing their work in this arena.
The next point is that the people who are committed to these great deeds are strong and self-confident people.
The main element is human power. This is what our country has.
Our youth are determined to carry out this work in a competitive way. They believe that all these efforts are the basis of the progress of the country.
The next point in the issue of scientific advancement is that the silversmith of knowledge, technology, the production and selling of knowledge - which is very important - is still being built up.
That is to say, knowledge is being achieved and transformed into a technology, the material needs are being achieved and the material needs are being achieved to the markets of the world.
This transformation of knowledge into national treasures and to the needs of the people.
It is good for our dear people to know that all economic scholars - whether their economic outlook is equal to governmental or their economic outlook is equal to governmental - believe that the purpose of governmental elections is necessary and beneficial.
It is a very hard work to enter this arena. It is a very hard work to enter this arena.
Thankfully, this work has already begun.
Of course, the unity that exists between government and society is a good unity.
The movement of the people in this arena is a very positive movement. The effect of this movement will gradually be seen, even though its positive influence has begun.
The main goal of this work is to divide government officials from among the people in a fair way.
This is a great step that has been taken to social righteousness.
Another goal is to promote national blessings, including water and gas.
Two years ago, we named the year "The Year of Economic Awakening" and "The Year of Economic Awakening" and "The Year of Economic Awakening" and the Year of Economic Awakening"
This is one of the ways in which we can improve the way we use national blessings to the fullest extent possible.
During the past few months, the implementation of the plan for the purpose of the government's schemes and the use of weapons has been very effective for the country.
The extent to which wheat is destroyed and destroyed - which is divine blessing and which is achieved through hardships - has been reduced, and there is a measure of balance in its use.
This is one of the blessings that have been achieved and that will be fulfilled with God's approval in the future.
Similarly, one of the things that shows the stability of the country's economy is the growth of non- Petroleum products.
Unfortunately, we have depended on oil for many years.
This is one thing that all envious economic scholars ignore. This path is common in our country. It is the process of cultivating and selling oil and the process of managing the country. This path is a wrong path.
For years I said that one of my wishes was to have a day when we could manage the country without selling oil if the need arose.
Of course, it is not a simple task. It is a hard work.
The importance of non- Petroleum products is something that draws us closer to our purpose.
Great achievements were carried out in this regard in the year 1389.
Among the things that guarantee stability and stability in the arena of economic affairs is the wisdom of the government to overcome sanctions by the west under the leadership of the United States and the obedience of certain European governments.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, their sanctions have increased in their minds.
They say that the sanctions will destroy the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation in five or six months. This is what they expect.
They think that by means of these sanctions, they will make things hard for the Iranian nation and they will make the Iranian nation hard for the Islamic Republic. This is their goal.
A work has been done discreetly in fighting this sanctions through the uproar of the enemy.
The enemies failed to their goal through these sanctions.
Today the people of the west say that imposing sanctions on Iran is in vain.
One of the problems of our long-term work is this: we are a country that produces oil, but we use oil from outside.
They said that this is the weakness of the Islamic Republic.
Our officials thought about the consequences of this sanctions. They made their efforts and we did not need oil.
This is what I heard of these young scholars during my visit to the Esfand month.
They told me that we wanted to build this machine and we went outside to find it. They said that you are under restrictions and they would not give it to us. We realized that we had to create it for ourselves.
We returned home, thought, suffered and tried to build this machine without foreigners' confidence.
According to the government report, in the year 1389 a peak of 6,600,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000,000.
In the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, and in the region.
This is true of economic matters.
There are many things that have been done in other areas, but only when we have it will we pass over it.
In fact, the year 1389 is the year that thankfully this year, with all meaning of the word, has been the year that has been the year of labor and vigilance.
Of course the year 1389 is not the same as the year 1389 and the year 1388 is the same as the year 1388 and the year 1388 and the year 1388 is the same as the year 1388 and the year 1388 and the year 1388 is the same as the year 1388 and the year 1388 and the year 1388 is the same as the year 1388 and the year 1388 and the year 1388 is the same as the year 1388 and the year 1388.
In any case, the Iranian nation and all government officials should be vigilant and vigilant in order to reach the appropriate destination for the Iranian nation.
But from a scientific point of view, the issue of economy is far more important than anything else.
If our great nation succeeds in economic matters, this great movement will have a powerful influence on the future, and it will have a powerful influence on the Iranian nation.
What is important in this regard is that we make progress in the country according to the standard set out in the five-year nationalistic plans.
The great tribulation will affect the power that we have to use the power that we have in the country.
During the last two years, I spoke about the importance of the country.
People should understand these things.
I would like the officials of the country to make known to the people the obligation to promote economic progress. I would like to tell them how important it is to promote economic progress in the country and to reduce economic pressures among the people.
This is not what we want. Islam does not accept it.
It is necessary to do all they can and to work hard to accomplish what is planned for the five-year progress of the country.
Reducing unemployment and increasing pressures in the country are among the most important and fundamental things.
They are among the important and fundamental issues in this regard. Among the things that are important in this regard are the establishment of unity companies that by means of cooperation can produce large quantities of production and production.
It is necessary to establish a basis for laws.
This means supporting progress.
Today 90 percent of our resources in the country are used in the field of agriculture.
Well, see what will happen if the government, by Allah's favor, will be able to repair the waters of the country and if it is reduced to 10 percent.
In all areas of agriculture, in all areas of domestic production, in all areas of industries and in all areas that demand water, only 10 percent of the material resources are used in these areas.
Of course, the benefits that come from water in areas where there is no labor will be doubled. This is a great and important thing.
It is necessary to enter people directly into economic matters.
If we are to fulfill this great economic movement in the country in the year 1390, there are certain things that must be done.
I will present a list of these things.
First of all, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the beginning of the Revolution, our nation has progressed in the arena of jihad. We have seen this during the Sacred Defense Era, we have seen this in the arena of jihad, and we have seen this in the arena of knowledge.
If we have a spirit of jihad in different areas - that is to say, working for the sake of God and working for the sake of the child - and not just being weighed down - our movement will surely continue.
Second, it is to promote spirituality, faith and religious jealousy in society.
Everybody should know this. Getting religious jealousy in the country and in the youth will help the people in the affairs of the world.
It should not be said that the influence of religious jealousy in the hearts of youth will be manifested only during the holidays of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and during the holidays of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
If the youth of a nation become religiously envious, they will avoid fornication. They will avoid abuse. They will avoid the bad practices of youth.
The same is true of economic matters.
The power of the Islamic Revolution is a great dancing.
The following is the lack of anxiety for the things behind the scene. You see that the main issues of this country are often the main issues that must be carried out by all people.
This would be like an airplane with a people who were about to reach a special destination. Sometimes a small thing appeared to plunder him in the midst of the Sahara, leaving him on the road. Sometimes he was about to stop his journey.
Therefore, the things behind the scene should not be introduced into the arena.
Another goal is to preserve unity and international understanding.
The unity that exists between people and government officials - that is to say, the people love their officials, agree with them, support them and cooperate with them, the unity and understanding of one another - should continue to exist and should be strengthened each day.
One of the greatest obstacles of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to create internal divisions.
Fortunately, our nation is awake.
All those who love their country and who love the religious democracy - which is a source of pride for the Iranian nation - should have mutual understanding among themselves.
The same should be true of government officials. The same should be true of government officials. The same should be true of government officials. The same should be true of government officials. The same should be true of government officials.
I would like to pay attention to government officials in this regard.
The issue of the world is more important than the issue of communication. These important issues are not important.
I would like to remind you of this. Sometimes this name is used to be named after you witnessed that the walls of Tehran and other cities were filled with inscriptions.
This is futile.
Sometimes there are so many expenses, and what should be the requirement?
I hope that the people and government officials should pay attention to this assembly, accept it and make efforts to establish it.
There is no need for a lot of work to be done.
Of course, giving priority to the issue of economy does not mean that we should neglect other areas.
In other areas, especially in the field of knowledge and technology, it is necessary to help these youthful scholars to be accepted in order to have the opportunity to do great things.
But what is happening in the region is very important. What is happening in the recent years - that is, in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - is very important.
A great change is taking place in this region of Islam and Arabs. This is a symbol of the Islamic Awakening.
There are two different characteristics: first is the issue of presence and second is the issue of religious reverence and restoration.
These are two basic things.
The presence of the people in the arena is the case during the Islamic Revolution in Iran.
The organizations, social groups and those who are sitting on the tabernacle and in large homes and intellectuals are unable to do anything.
The greatest art of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) is to invite people into the arena.
Today, the same is true of Arabic countries.
In Egypt or Tunisia the people entered the arena on their own. Otherwise, scholars and residents in large homes have always spoken about the things they say. They have often spoken about the things they say, and no one is very concerned about the things they say.
They are the people who enter the arena and their religious objectives are religious.
As they entered the arena, they entered the arena. They entered the arena.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
Why did they come out?
In Egypt, Tunisia and other countries these kings and oppressive leaders have shattered their dignity on the people.
For example, the people of Egypt think that their leader is doing the worst of all things in order to provide for the Zionist regime.
If Hosni Mubarak had not associated with the Zionist regime in the siege of Gaza, Israel would not have been able to do the same harm to the people of Gaza.
But Hosni Mubarak entered the arena.
When he learned that the people of Gaza were treading under the country, he built a wall of 30 meters ( 30 meters ) in order to block the way to the country.
This is what Hosni Mubarak did.
The same is true of other countries.
As an example in Libya, despite the fact that during the early days of his reign, Gaddafi showed a measure of sympathy and enmity for western countries, he has accomplished great services for western countries in recent years.
The people of Libya saw with their eyes that from the end of a threat, he gathered all the nuclear capabilities, put them in the ark, directed the people to the west, and asked them to go with them.
Dear God, see what role our people play and what role they play.
But the officials of our country do not just give up, but the enemy's interests are increased in the year after year.
This insult can be seen in all these countries.
This is what is important to us.
After these events, they do not understand the issue and they do not know the people and they do not act in harmony with one another.
Of course what has been seen from the United States about these countries and other countries is the support of the clergy. They have been preserving Hosni Mubarak as far as they can. But when they realized that they were not able to do so, they rejected him.
This is a lesson for the American leaders who trusted in America to realize that from the time they were benefited and they were not benefited, they would throw them into a worthless country.
What happened to western countries and to America itself was something they would never agree with.
The country of Egypt is one of the sources of central America's politics.
But they failed to safeguard this foundation in order to continue to benefit from it.
If people are vigilant, they will be able to eliminate this hatred and destroy it.
The Americans tried to see that since they had lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunisia, they should try to defend their government.
By Allah's favor, and by Allah's favor, America will continue defeating this region.
After losing their people in these countries, they set before them two things that they wanted to do: the first is to wait and the second is to create a similar situation in other areas.
They have been defeated in this work.
The second point is to liken this point. The point is to create events like those in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya in other countries.
The main hypocrisy is the claim of the rights of the people.
It is not unreasonable if our dear people realize that the US President has sent a message to the Iranian nation, saying that we are supporters of you. They claim that they are opposing dictatorships and that they have the responsibilities of the nations.
They do not just sympathize with other nations, but they do not even sympathize with their nations.
The current president of the United States has used billions of dollars in the disastrous economic situation of the United States to preserve the bank alive. He has used the billions of dollars to preserve the oil industry alive.
The people are pressured to keep the company alive, to pay the goods of the company and to pay the goods of the bank. Therefore, they do not even sympathize with their nations.
Today the U.S. nation is in a economic crisis.
In addition to the prisons and the torture stakes of people like Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, Iraq and other places that harass people in different areas.
People do not understand these things.
Did the US President know what he was saying?
Is he really aware of the people behind the arena who are turning his politics, or is he not aware of it?
He said that the people on the Azadi Web site of Tehran are the people on the liberating site of Egypt.
He said the truth. Every year on the 22nd of Bahman, the people who are gathered on the liberation site are the people who sing "God curses America."
In this region, the position of the Islamic Republic of Iran is clear.
Our goal is to support the nations and their responsibilities.
This is the role of the Islamic Republic. This is the outstanding role of the Islamic Republic.
Our policy is this: our hearts are these, our wisdom and our words are these, either through the people or through government officials.
There are two areas that should be considered here: the first is Libya and the second is Bahrain.
In the case of Libya, we are God-fearing as the Libyan government deals with the people, the massacres of the people and the bombs of the cities and the white bullets, but we are God-fearing as the Americans, the Americans, the Americans and other western countries.
They claim that we entered Libya to defend the people and to attack the Armed Forces, but this is not acceptable.
If they are really supporting the Libyan nation, if their hearts are rooted in the behavior of the Libyan people, then a month has passed since the bombs have been rooted on the Libyan nation.
If you want to help them, give them weapons, tools and airplanes.
You are interested in the power of the oil of Libya and you are interested in the power of Libya and you are interested in the power of the oil of Libya.
You want to find a place to establish your shoulders in order to destroy the revolutionary governments that will be established in Egypt and Tunisia.
Your resolve is bitter.
The United Nations, which should be a minister to the nations, should be a weapon at the hands of the human governments.
This is a disgrace for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreigners and the presence of westerners is not acceptable.
If you want to help the Libyan people, the way to help them is open. You can help the people, encourage them and the people of the country to solve the problem with Gaddafi themselves. Why did you come into the country?
Their greatest need is to make elections.
This is a great hope. When elections are held in Bahrain, people are not responsible for voting, but they are oppressed.
The westerners should use this opportunity to get involved in the issues of this region by introducing something new - the issue of Shia and Sunni.
The Bahraini people are Shia and therefore are not responsible for their support.
The television broadcasts that shed light on the events that are taking place in the region, but they kept silent about the issue of Bahrain and they did not say what was happening about the shed blood of the people of Bahrain.
And a group of people from the Persian Gulf - whether political or socialist countries - came and said that the issue of Bahrain is the issue of Shia and Sunni.
There is no difference between what is happening in Tunisia and what is happening in Egypt and what is happening in Libya and what is happening in Yemen.
The Americans rejoiced that they succeeded in calling this issue a dispute between Shia and Sunni through their media and propaganda methods.
They say that the Iranian people have another reason to support the people of Bahrain.
We have supported all of them.
We have supported the people of Palestine for 32 years. We have supported the people of Palestine for 32 years.
Were the Palestinians Shia?
Our youth went to the airport to be given the opportunity to go to Gaza.
They were willing to go to Gaza and fight against Israel.
We urged them not to go.
Our people have expressed their support to the people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt and Tunisia, and they are not Shia.
Therefore, the issue is not Shia or Sunni.
False people try to identify the issue of Bahrain as the issue of Shia and Sunni.
Unfortunately, some people who seem to have no wrong motive should fight their trap.
If the issue is not Shia and Sunni, this is a great service to the United States. This is a great service to the enemies of the Iranian nation, which identify the great movement towards independence of a nation as one of Shia and Sunni treasures.
There is no difference between Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
Any movement of the Islamic Ummah and the pursuit of independence will be our support.
The great foolishness of the United States is that they do not see the invasion of Bahrain and Saudi Armed Forces as an obstacle to domestic affairs. But when our martyrs, our teachers and our loving-kindnesses say that you should not kill people, they say that you are impatient.
Is this interference in domestic affairs a country?
The fact that a government is an oppressive government is not to kill your people, this is to say, but the presence of the armed forces on the streets of Bahrain is not to interfere with the domestic affairs of the Americans and their mercenaries in the region.
The Americans had hundreds of thousands of miles from the region.
Anyone who does such a job makes a mistake.
What I would like to say is that by Allah's favor, a new movement has taken place in the region.
As God has promised, this movement will surely succeed.
The Iranian nation is proud and proud that it is the beginning of this movement.
They did not see the Revolution, but if they did not stand up against the youth of the Revolution, they did not fail to do so.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy on this great nation.
Dear God, honor the people of this nation and Islam and Muslims every day.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age happy with us.
Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God, Dear God.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the officials of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and Allah's greetings be upon our Leader and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Muhammad (s.w.a.).
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow blessings on all of you. I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow blessings on all of you. I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow blessings on all of you.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted for giving us the opportunity to meet again one year and to prepare for the warm and loving meeting to discuss the important issues of the country.
I have divided my speech into three areas: First of all, it is a reminder that in the first place I am a disabled servant and I hope we will receive the blessing of Ramadan's gracious month. Second of all, it affects the issues of the country.
The final point is that if God is willing, he will take a look at the events that are taking place in our neighborhood and the events that are taking place in this region.
Hajj Mirza Jawza Maliki Tabrizi - a famous scholar of the Lord and a famous philosopher - said in his book "The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) name: fasting is a divine gift that Allah the Exalted bestows upon his servants and faithful ones.
He said: "By Allah's grace, fasting is not a price, but an honor which requires thanksgiving." This requirement of fasting, which is divine honor to his servants, is something that requires thanksgiving.
Among these or more important things, as he himself said, the greatest of all other characteristics is the fact that famine and thirst put light and pleasure in the heart of a person and thus cleanse the arena of thinking which is more than one year of devotion and devotion.
It is necessary to think about the age of a person. It is necessary to think about the age of a person.
The years are the main achievements of each individual.
All good things are achieved through this life - which is the hour of the day - and this is something that can bring everlasting life to mankind and Paradise to mankind.
Therefore, let us think about this life and how the years have passed.
We should always feel the way the hours of our life and the days and nights go.
We have observed the path of life. It is like snow that is dissolved in the heat of the sun.
This product is progressively moving forward, but it is all things for us, all things for us, and all things for us.
We use it in what way, in what way, and in what way?
The thought of death, the journey from this world, the expulsion of the spirit of man and the encounter with the angel of death will be a time for each one of us. "Every life is at the risk of death" All of us will.
What will be our situation at that time?
Another aspect of my thinking is this prayer.
The prayers of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) are surprising. The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book: "The prayers of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the prayers of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.) household (s.w.a.).
Therefore, these prayers are very important.
It is the twenty-fourth prayer of the book of Saphath al-Sajjadiya, the most famous prayer of Akharim.
The beginning of this prayer is this: "By Allah's favor, safeguard me for the sake of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, adorn me in the appearance of Allah-fearing servants, and clothe me with the appearance of God-fearing servants."
What does it mean to be dressed as slaves and God-fearing people?
Dear God, clothe your with the appearance of God-fearing people in certain things. First of all, we have the opportunity to establish righteousness in society, justice, righteousness and the sense of dividing the blessings of the country among the people, righteousness and the sense of dividing the opportunities for the people.
The fear of God that is expected from us is one of the basis for this fear of God.
Sometimes a person is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes a person is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes a person is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes a person is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes a person is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes a person is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes a person is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes a person is used to be an ordinary person.
When you become enraged against a person or a group and say something about it, the effect of your anger and anger on a person who has no responsibility is not the same.
We should not do anything in a provoked state.
Forgive us our sins and our servants in our case.
The fire of enmity will be destroyed.
Everybody should strive to destroy this fire.
This is the reason why we constantly urge our brothers, government officials, people who have good words, people who have good speech in the country and other parts of the country to pay attention to the things they say.
Sometimes we say that it is not to kill the fire but to set it up in a more powerful way.
The people who are in the middle of the path should try to reach the right destination. We should not allow our actions, our behavior and our speech to disrupt the people who are in the middle of the path.
We should not separate people from those who have a half relationship with this system.
In order to settle differences, we should try to settle differences.
When a university officials perform a good job, try to explain this.
We have said a lot about this issue.
This is an aspect of this prayer. I have spoken about two to three matters, but I have spoken about six of them.
May Allah the Exalted clothe us with the appearance of believers.
These are part of the fear of God.
This is the first point that I want to discuss.
Second, we have a look at the situation of the country.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to a number of areas in the country. There were some important issues in the report that would have reached the ears of all people.
I would like to explain one aspect of the situation of the country, which is very important to us.
Why is this important?
First of all, understanding the situation of the country and where we are and what path should we take is very important. But today it is very important. Today it is very important.
First of all, the situation in the region is an unprecedented situation.
The awakening of Islam and the great things that are happening in this region is something that has not been observed since the beginning of the Revolution until today.
If a nation such as the Egyptian nation made such a great movement, shattered the government, and resisted the Islamic Revolution, threatened the Zionist regime with regard to the situation in the region, all these things were not achieved by all the officials.
This is the situation in which we are confronted with a shocking situation in the Islamic Republic.
The economic crisis that confronted the arrogant governments of western countries is a great issue, and it is not easy to overcome it.
It is not all that they say, but it is not all that they say, it is not all that they say, it is all that they say.
The intellectual and political organizations of the western world - which have often been supported by the media - do not want the world's people to understand the realities of their problems. The issues of this issue are far more important than what they say.
If this is the end of my speech, I would like to shed light on this issue.
Another issue is the unity of the transgression and terrorist activities in western countries, in Europe.
Later, he attacked two Muslim countries.
There are certain things that they want to do, but Allah the Exalted did not allow them to be defeated.
These are important things.
The event that happened in Norway should not be viewed as a simple event.
In this situation, we should look at our circumstances and see what we are.
If we do not look at this opportunity and if we do not work on it properly and if we do not go on the path to benefit from it in the right time, we will be disappointed.
Sometimes ignoring an opportunity is a threat. Sometimes it is a turning back.
Therefore, it is not wrong to look at the things that are happening in the country from this perspective.
We should not make a mistake. We should not make a mistake. We have good things and we have bad things. We should pay attention to these things.
The same is true of the media as well.
From the time that you say why you are doing this, they say that you are not allowing us to tell the realities.
Of course, we want to tell the truth. No, we want to try to disrupt the issue.
I checked from ten to twenty newspapers every day.
Some of these newspapers daily have some headlines that each of them is capable of shaken the heart of a weak man.
We are not accusing anyone, but we are accused of a serious mistake.
The jealousy is the same.
It is necessary to look at the weak side of the weak side along with the good side of the power.
It is necessary to cooperate with government officials.
Therefore, if we want to understand the realities of the country, we must guard against the weaknesses of the country and the weaknesses of the country.
Today I am going to offer a brief explanation of this issue, but there is a need to take action in this regard.
These good things will show us what opportunities and opportunities we have in this country.
These weak areas will show us what we should do and what we should do.
When we put these things together, it becomes the light of our path. We realize what should be done.
I have written about five to six things that have been carried out during the past 32 years of the Islamic Republic, which have been carried out in different kinds of years, in different kinds of years, in different kinds of governments, in different kinds of governments and in different kinds of governments.
One of the good things that has been achieved in this system is the success and success of different threats. This is very important.
During the past 32 years, we have faced various threats - political threats, security threats and economic threats - and the goal of these threats is to disrupt this system.
Of course they wanted to destroy this government, but since it was not easy for them, they wanted to destroy the Islamic Republic's Guards Corps.
But this system has defeated all these threats.
Some of these things are organized directly by foreigners, such as the issue of sanctions.
The country has been sanctioned for decades and decades, but in recent years it has intensified its opposition and persecution.
These sanctions have sometimes been imposed on our part through the United Nations (a.s.) and have been imposed on our part directly.
These are the things that have to do with foreigners, and they are directly involved in them.
The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats.
This is one of the aspects of our power.
We should pay attention to this issue when calculating the capacities of this system.
This system, without national support, and for the powerful enemy of material things, which has faced various threats over the past 32 years, has defeated all these threats. This is very important.
I think this is the first aspect of the power of the system.
Second, it is the mutual trust between people and government.