The Leader of the Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, issued a message that requires the Iranian nation of mercy and blessings in this month of mercy and blessings to help the neighboring Muslims in Samaria.
Here's a translation of the information:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
During the difficult days of the southeastern part of Africa, Somalia, faced with the worst tragedy and the bitter hunger resulting from the unprecedented drought in the region by international organizations, has put the lives of millions of Muslims, women and young children, in serious danger and threat.
Therefore, the Islamic Ummah is called upon to help the Muslim community of Samaria during the holy month of sympathy and blessings and it can provide financial and material assistance to the affected organizations in order to deliver it to the people of Samaria.
Elsewhere in his statements, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated that the Islamic Ummah should be built in communities, villages and places of worship. He reiterated: "If the Islamic Ummah finds its proper position, its materialistic and religious responsibilities will be reduced."
The following is the full text of the message issued by Ayatollah Khamenei.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Humanity is, in its nature, a loving creature who needs prayer and self-sacrifice before Allah the Exalted, the Creator of all good things.
By means of the Holy Quran, divine religion has overcome the thirst of humanity and has saved mankind from the bitter and painful effects of this natural thirst.
The emphasis on daily prayers is an opportunity and a blessing that saves mankind from falling into the trap of ignorance. It allows him to approach his heart with knowledge in the sight of God.
When Zakat, prayer and prayer come together with a social system, Islamic miracles can be revealed in his worshiping laws.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is a symbol.
In the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution
Thanks to Eid al-Adha, the atmosphere of Islam is brighter and brighter, the truth, religious teachings, morality, and political matters are more important and the life of individuals and individuals is more divine.
Therefore, this is how we should view masqueraders.
The soul of the mosque increases enthusiasm and dynamism on the foundation of life.
Wherever there is the center of life, Islam is the main reason for this movement.
The mosque should be the foundation of architecture in cities and villages, in schools and universities, in public gatherings, ranging from markets and places of employment to airports, high paths and places of transportation, to shops and hospitals, wherever it is available.
It is necessary to be gentle, gentle and calm in all areas.
The leadership of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - which is the responsibility of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - should be guided by the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
If a society enjoys such a position, the material and religious responsibility of the people, the people and the officials will be reduced.
I hope we will see this day and I hope our souls will be sacrificed for the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met this morning with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the negotiations between the officials of the two countries and the agreements that were concluded during the visit and said: "There are many areas in which the relations between the two countries can be strengthened in different areas, and this relationship should be strengthened especially in the area of business and reconstruction.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the continued transgression of the inspired nation of Lebanon and the Zionist regime, adding: "If the Zionist regime can do so, it can harass the city of Beirut to Tarabulus to occupy Syria."
What is the only path for the Zionist regime is resistance.
His Eminence referred to Lebanon as the only Arab country that could defeat the Zionist regime and reiterated: "The struggle was the only thing that the enemies of Lebanon could not do."
It is necessary to identify the significance of this greatness.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "As long as the Zionist regime continues to exist, Lebanon needs resistance.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the relationship between Hariri and Sayyed Hassan Nasrullah and other officials of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should be strengthened.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated that the Islamic Republic of Iran is supporting the unity and independence of Lebanon and reiterated: "Labanon is the country of different denominations which have spent many years together in peace and harmony with different religious and religious denominations.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to a recent meeting with Rafik Hariri, the former Prime Minister of Lebanon.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic of Iran is a friend and a sister to Lebanon who has been with Lebanon during the difficult times.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "The Lebanese government wants to see more cooperation between the two countries in both economic, political and cultural areas."
Hariri added that the Lebanese government is a coalitionist government and reiterated that any discord between the Lebanese people would benefit from the Zionist regime.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met this afternoon with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei.
Following the prolonged interruption and re-election of the Iranian pilgrims, the result is the peaceful dialogue between the two government officials, Iran and Saudi Armed Forces.
Ayatollah Hashikiri was one of the most prominent members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Each year during the hajj, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution sent a message to hajj pilgrims who discussed the most important issues of the Islamic Ummah.
What do you think is the philosophy behind this message?
To answer this question, first of all, it is necessary to clarify a few points.
First of all, the hajj itself - which is one of Islamic works of worship - has many lofty goals to.
The ultimate goal of the hajj is, as found in the Holy Quran, to keep the Islamic Ummah alive with the works of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) in history. That is to say, the Holy Quran, which originates from the creation of mankind and from the worship of angels, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation of mankind, from the creation
The Holy Quran describes each of these occasions as follows: “And when the Lord of Abraham examined him with a few words, he fulfilled them to him [the Holy Quran, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha].
He said: “I am indeed the One who makes you head because men are.”
He said: “And my descendants,” that is, the pronouncement of the headship of the peoples.
The second goal which is based on this path is, in fact, to create humanity, to restore humanity to its original structure and its main path of submission to God. This is how humanity can be built during the hajj. Therefore, the lofty goals of hajj have been clarified, and one of them is the issue of ‘barring’ from angels.
These are indications of the stability of the Islamic Ummah and the unity of the Islamic Ummah.
In all the messages issued by the late Imam (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, he referred to the hajj goals.
But the philosophy behind this message - that is to say, the question you asked - and the reason why the Islamic Republic and its leaders are so important to this issue is that the preservation of labor is the preservation of a nation.
To establish the hajj means to establish a nation's movement.
He argued: "Hajj is a flag of Islam". What is meant by the flag of Islam?
During the war, this means that the Armed Forces are alive and that the war continues.
Therefore, preserving the hajj and turning to the spirit of the hajj is one of the main goals of the Islamic Republic to fulfill the role of the Islamic Awakening.
Therefore, the message issued by the Imam (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution focused attention on this issue.
Of course, we do not appreciate the importance of hajj. Of course, we do not appreciate the importance of hajj. Of course, we do not appreciate the importance of hajj.
The media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the media of
All the media, all the cultural offices, all the media and all the media that are available to the people in the country should make efforts in order to reach the goal of delivering this message to all parts of the world.
It is necessary to make intensified efforts in this regard.
No, not under such circumstances, only the Saudi ruler is responsible for issuing a message.
Everybody should be vigilant. Everybody should be vigilant.
But after the crisis – which was the reason why the Iranians had not been in the hajj for many years – a agreement was made after a dialogue that was part of the dialogue.
Both sides have reached the agreement not to hold a meeting in Mecca from that time forward, but to hold a meeting in Arafah on this day - that is to say, the nine months of Zul Hajji - in Arafah, the Iranian pilgrims and the hajj pilgrims should hold a great meeting to read the message of Leader.
This is another agreement, after all negotiations and conflicts.
We claim that the message of hajj is being issued to Muslim nations.
Did this announcement affect us at the present time?
At first, there were several pilgrims from different countries.
Second, this message is being disclosed there and is likely translated into different languages during the hajj, in Mina and elsewhere and has been reached by all the hajjis as the message of the Revolution.
In order to influence the hearts of Muslim nations, it is being disclosed in different languages and is being disclosed in different media in order to influence the hearts of Muslim nations. On the one hand, the arrogant powers, the organizations of Arab and Muslim governments are trying to stop the influence of this message.
Some time ago, this message had been published in one of the British journals, and all Zionists around the world were looking at the backwardness of this journal, where they caused them to suffer.
What was the year when?
The Zionists are trying to stop the spread of this message.
The Saudi government has not only been able to help spread this message, but it has also been able to prevent it for some years.
Of course this movement has decreased in recent years, but it is everywhere that it is making efforts to see the end of this movement.
Sometimes we make efforts to publish the message in foreign newspapers, we render money, but it is not published.
Many newspapers do not approve of or are not authorized to publish.
Europeans and even Muslims.
Of course they do not tolerate it, but as I said, we also show failure.
What is the nature of this message?
Therefore, the hajj pilgrims represent the entire Islamic Ummah.
The camp that was established there was in fact a camp of human representation, a camp of the entire Islamic Ummah with the intention of drawing close to God.
The hajj should pay attention to his eyes.
He cared for his language.
The forbidden elements of jurisprudence are teachers of jurisprudence.
The following is the full text of the message issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in the recent years.
If you take a closer look at the messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, you will see that the first point presented in this message is the role of the hajj pilgrimage of the Islamic Ummah.
This is what Ayatollah Khamenei said during the hajj.
For example, the role of the hajj is to overcome the weakness of the Islamic Ummah.
The next point that the hajj raises is that it stresses that the hajj is an Islamic flag.
In a statement issued by Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution stated that hajj is a ‘floor of the movement of the people and that it is a ‘floor of the role of Islam in politics.
If we pay attention to the roots of hajj, one of them is the roots of the House of God.
That is to say, the entire nation is following the guidance and guidance of Allah the Exalted.
The first point that is mentioned in this message is, in effect, the role of the hajj pilgrimage in the history of the progress of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is the role of the hajj in cultivating “the morality of the people and the personality”.
This is part of all the messages.
Evidently, from the beginning to the end of the message, the issue of purity of the heart and the opportunity of the holy places that are related to the hajj will be discussed.
The third point in this message is to reflect on the greatness of Islam and its message.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the methods and methods of Islam to solve human problems.
The next point is to emphasize the issue of unity of Islam and, especially in the statement of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the most important point is that Islamic Awakening is the path of unity.
In this message, we are trying to promote and promote Islamic Awakening.
The concept of unity is referred to as the same: the same style of clothing, the same style of clothing, the same style of clothing, the same style of clothing and the same style of clothing.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the fact that Ka'bah is a symbol of monotheism and a symbol of unity.
These messages highlight the greatness of the Islamic Ummah's material, spiritual, national and cultural capabilities. They remind the people of the greatness of their capabilities which the enemy, unfortunately, is trying to weaken.
And one of the issues raised in these messages is the confusion of the plots of the arrogant powers.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) referred to the satanic movement of the arrogant powers in the face of the Islamic Ummah and the causes of their evil behavior.
The clashes of their work and the important issues that are taking place in the Islamic world - including the issues which have been polluted by the enemies as well as their efforts to foment ethnic fitna, corruption and assassination as well as their propaganda against the Islamic Ummah.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on September 11, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
Because the plots of the arrogant powers have been thwarted by the Islamic Revolution and the movement of the Islamic Awakening, the enemies have launched an effort to destroy the Islamic Ummah. The enemies have launched an effort to destroy the Islamic Ummah.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution described global arrogance as the enemies of the weak, human rights, and the supporters of terrorism, hypocrisy and hegemony in Islamic countries. Of course, one of the important points is to raise the role that the benevolent governments of the region play in achieving the goal of colonialism and removing the hajj pilgrimage from its main goal.
The last point is that we should introduce the Islamic Republic as an example of success in fighting the arrogant powers. The last point is that we should introduce Islam throughout our life, call on Islamic unity, call on Islamic unity, call on Islamic unity, call on Islamic democracy, and show love and assistance to the weak.
What are the effects of these events in other countries?
Did he have a position among intellectuals and politicians of Islamic or Arab countries?
In each of the meetings and meetings we have attended – every year we visit about 50 countries – we meet with people, Islamic groups and leaders, especially the political and activist leaders of different countries – all of whom speak about this point and speak about the good things about these messages.
That is to say, regardless of how weak we are in delivering this message, wherever it is available, it has a great impact.
That is to say, the leaders of countries are addressing the issue of global diplomacy in the world.
Can the hajj be regarded as one of the most prominent diplomatic groups of the Islamic Republic and as a means to promote the Revolution?
Of course, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) message to hajj pilgrims is one of the best ways to spread the message of the Revolution.
One of the methods that has been adopted by the hajj pilgrims and one of the methods that has been adopted by the hajj pilgrims and the methods that have been adopted by the Islamic Ummah are the methods that have a profound effect on the gathering of hajj pilgrims.
The failure is that many of the hajj pilgrims are coming from a distance and are suffering great hardships but are not able to understand the message in the hajj.
We have a narration: "The light of hajj will remain with hajj pilgrims if they do not sin", that is to say, the pilgrims will return with the light of hajj, and this light will remain with them and will remain with them until God's guests do sin, and the light will gradually disappear.
I hope the hajj pilgrims will make efforts to raise the light of the hajj and to preserve the message of the hajj so that the hajj can play a role in educating the Islamic Ummah.
Leader’s Speech to Shia Teachers and Ahlusswana of Kermanshah - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 12, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei the teachers of Kermanshah province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon Allah the Exalted.
Allah the Exalted says: “ In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful,
Those who believe and fear the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and who fear the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and who fear the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and who fear the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household are worthy of being counted by Allah.
One of the meetings that I enjoy is meeting the esteemed teachers who are rendering services in different parts of the country as well as youth students who are busy in the arena of religious morality and spirituality.
I am thankful that this night the dear brothers and sisters, the students and teachers of the province of Sunni and Shi'a, were all gathered at this meeting.
There are certain points that I would like to discuss, but before I speak about them, I deem it necessary to express my gratitude to the global clergyman who, after Ayatollah Burujerdi’s instructions, managed to lead his life in this province and who was rewarded for his efforts on the path of martyrdom.
I have been able to meet him at his home in Kermanshah several times. Let us sit down with him and talk to us.
We also met him at a number of the meetings that were held at the Friday prayer of the province in Islamabad, and the late Shahid Sadiq also came from Yazd.
The summit was held under bombs (of the Iraqi Armed Forces during the war), and we also attended the summit.
His humility, his refuge in the world, his lack of consideration for material things, and all these characteristics are characteristics that belong to him.
He has also been rewarded by Allah the Exalted: at the end of a long life, Allah the Exalted condemned him to death for martyrdom.
I have repeatedly said that martyrdom is a successful business death.
Certainly, there will be a time when life will end "Every soul is at the risk of death" [The Holy Quran, 3:185].
We, however, are interested in gaining this advantage. One should sell one's life to God and gain great profits.
Allah the Exalted purchases life from believers. Allah the Exalted purchases it from believers.
In this province too, our former friend, Hajj Agha Baha's Masjid ul-Mohammadi Araki, is one of the people who enjoys this privilege of martyrdom.
The late Agha Hajj Baha was a student of the late Imam (r.a.) and a friend in Qom.
Allah's grace be upon these two martyrs.
I would like to mention the faithful, sincere, and sincere cleric, late Hajj Agha Mujtaba Hajj Akhund, who was one of our former friends at Hujjataya Qom. He was a faithful, sincere, sincere and sincere man.
God blessed him.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before becoming the president of the country, I visited Kermanshah on one of his visits and visited his artistic activities.
He sent me one of his duties after the death of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
I need him to write to me this narration which says: "If anyone has appointed himself as a leader of a nation, he must first read his own words" to put him in front of my table, so we must not forget about reading ourselves.
He wrote this to me with a good post and I put it in a board and put it ahead of me.
This is the problem with our work.
You dear youth, you dear youth, you dear youth, if we want to be like blossoming, we want to be like blossoming, we want to be like blossoming, we want to be like blossoming, we want to be like blossoming, we want to be like blossoming, we want to be like blossoming, we want to be like blossoming, we want to be like blossoming.
The reader of the Islamic Revolution said that fear of God is one of the characteristics of teachers.
Of course, teachers have certain characteristics, but fear of God is elected.
The advantage of knowledge is that one enjoys this great blessing: fearing God in one's heart.
You dear youth can do this more quickly than I am. When you grow old, if somebody does something in his youth, it will benefit from this. Otherwise it will be difficult for you to do something.
This is the end of life. Some will reach old age and others will not reach it.
You should know that the gap between the past 20 years and the past 70 years - that is to say, the gap between the past 20 years and the past 70 years - is the gap between the past 20 years and the past 20 years.
When you are 20 years old, you think there is a time to 70 years old.
That is to say, if a person is determined to be able to do something and if he is determined to be able to do something, he should start his youth up.
Therefore, I would like to call the honorable students to self-censorship, to fear of God and to seek spirituality, which is more important than calls for knowledge, and which is the main pillar in their work.
If knowledge is available without fear of God, it can be useless and harmful at times.
We have a teacher - who possesses religious and non-religious knowledge - who not only does not benefit from it but also becomes a disaster for him.
This divine spirit is essential to knowledge and teachers.
Kermanshah is a very important town.
As Mr Ulama said a long time ago, Kermanshah had outstanding teachers, such as the families of Al Agha, the families of Jalili and other educational facilities, not just one person or two or even ten people.
Another point in this chapter, which is careful about Kermanshah, is that just as the people of Kermanshah are kind, sympathetic and sympathetic to the people who have come to them, teachers have this characteristic, sometimes even more.
The late Muhammad Ali (s.w.a.) - the late Wahid Bahbahani who was one of the greatest students of his father - rose up to Kermanshah and continued his life.
Although he did not have the intention of living, he remained, they remained, and he became part of the Al Agha Family.
He and many of his children were teachers.
This is one example.
Another example is the late Agha Sayyid Hosseyn Haeri, who at the end of his life attended Mashahad.
I still remember certain things about him.
He was the cousin of Agha Seyyed Mohammad Isfahani, the student of Agha Seyyed Mohammad Isfahani and the student of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi, who came from Iraq and who spent many years in Kermanshah.
He had been executing hostages in Isfahan.
He is the one who knows God and He is accountable.
He was also among those who received training from the late Akhund Mulla Fat'ali Sultan Abadi, who at that time lived in Samarra.
Another teacher is the late Sardar Kabuli, a well-known expert on various fields.
This book, which was written about, is rich and beautiful. I have seen this book many years ago.
It was about 60 years old in Kermanshah. Great teachers benefited from it.
I read in this book that the late Hajj Agha Hussein Kummi (s.a.) on his trip to the holy places or on his return trip, came to Kermanshah to meet the late Sardar Kabuli.
The book writer said I am two witnesses.
It is a lesson in this regard: learning in the seventy-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five term.
This is not a disgrace or a disgrace for a high-ranking teacher, but it is a cause for pride.
We should learn from these things. You dear youth should follow this path and make progress.
This man, a man of Kabul, grew up in India and went to Najaf from there to Kermanshah and was welcomed there for a welcome.
The late Sardar Kabuli was in Kermanshah for sixty years.
The late Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani was one of the teachers who moved to that city.
This city has this characteristic that shows that the hearts of the people are souls that they welcome religious scholars.
When a person finds out who he is and understands what his characteristics are, he is welcomed so that he does not appear to be in his own city.
The late Ashrafi was the man of Isfahan, but he felt like Kermanshah. He was Kermanshah.
What I said was a clearance.
I would like to mention a few points.
Dear teachers, dear students, dear youth and dear tomorrow!
For two reasons: first, the opportunity to spread the message of Islam in the world - whether in Islamic or non-Muslim countries - is open to me.
Therefore, the responsibility will be increased.
Today, you are in a similar situation.
They are not afraid. "And they are afraid of Him, and they are not afraid of anybody against God."
Do not be afraid of anything, and do not be afraid of the hardships that are on the road.
It does not say there are hardships, but it does not say there are hardships.
Act in a way that they may not be able to do.
Did this not happen in Iran?
In Iran something has been done that if all analysts of the world spend hours and hours in the day, they will not be able to do anything unless it is possible.
Any analyst would say it’s not possible to do this, but it’s possible.
I would like to tell you that even some of our activists were saying that they could not do so.
The late Ayatollah Talikani told me that Imam Khomeini was saying, "It is necessary to remove Shah", but it is obvious that Shah will not go away.
He did not believe that the Shah could be removed.
It was later that he told me this.
He said that Shah would be removed and nobody would believe in him, but he was removed.
Not only has Shah been removed, America has gone and the west have gone and the colonial and arrogant powers have gone away.
nobody believed this, but it also happened.
Nobody feels that the great Revolution of the time in the Islamic world will take place in Egypt, the Egyptian nation that signed the agreement with Camp Dabid and Egypt, Hosni Mubarak.
It may be expected elsewhere, but nobody is thinking about Egypt. But the Revolution happened in Egypt.
These are among the things that we should keep in mind.
We should move forward to things that are expected to be impossible and we should make sure of their potential.
Be determined to carry heavy loads so that you can acquire experience. "And they are not afraid of anybody against God".
The answer is, "And Allah is worthy to be Merciful": they should not forget, Allah is Merciful.
And Allah Is Reasonable.
This is our path.
We ourselves - as teachers - are used to address the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and we ourselves are used to address the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
Allah the Exalted said: “I have set an enemy for every prophet like that, and the demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic demonic.
And if your Lord wishes, they will not do it, so let him have their cry for help."
Therefore, if it is determined that you and I will deliver the message of God, then we will be prepared to face the demons of the world.
They attack us, so we should be prepared.
In a spiritual sense, we have to create a strong wall against ourselves - which is a wall of faith and devotion - so that we will not be defeated and we will be defeated.
Rushing and experiencing public defeat is the result of rushing and experiencing public defeat.
Depression is the result of depression.
If you are not defeated in the heart, nobody will be defeated over you.
[The Holy Quran, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha.
[The Holy Quran, 39: 36] These are all lessons for us.
We should read the Holy Quran in an undertone and make it a lesson for us.
The witness that appears to you today via Internet, humanity and other modern-day means of communication has many modern-day narratives as well.
“Today there is a lot of oil shortages in one area. I have a lot of news about this.
These are non-Muslim reports. In certain Islamic countries, many people are being killed for the sake of organizing a symposium against Shia Islam.
On the other hand, they credited a Shia publisher to appear on television under the name of Shia, to accuse and insult the Ummah of Aisha, harass and harass her.
These are the ways in which they are following.
This is because creating discord is a great blessing for them.
Here I would tell you that your province is the province where Shia and Sunni people live together.
Shia and Sunni teachers should organize meetings among themselves, get to know one another and speak to each other.
We have achievements in which we have associated.
You might have some thoughts, but you should always do your association.
If they want to do research, they should do otherwise.
I believe in philosophical discussions. I believe in philosophical discussions.
However, despite these factors, there are certain things that have been shared with us. There is a disease that has been associated with us and it has a cure for our society.
The Shia cleric had the ease of speaking among his people, and the Sunni cleric had the ease of speaking among his people. They should use their power and the ease of speaking to address the problems associated with them.
Today there are certain people whose weapons are the weapons of takfiri. They are not ashamed of calling themselves takfiri.
This is the obligation of the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, the post-election work that we have discussed on our own is accompanied by all these things.
Another responsibility is the responsibility of reading.
I have heard that there are Kermanshah students who are studying in Qom and who are undoubtedly familiar with brothers. They should come and stay here and if they do not come back, they should come at special times. They should come and spend two, three, four months a year. They should go to people, go to villages and sell malls.
Therefore, the issue of knowledge is very important.
Of course in the arena of education, there is the issue of communication which is very important.
There was a lesson that I was teaching. Sometimes it didn't come and I didn't see a lesson there.
After a few hours I saw him again, I asked him where you are. He said that I was witnessing there in one of the cities that were far away from Khorasan province. So why did you come back and he said that at the end I realized that I had nothing to learn and that those people would benefit from it.
This is how to identify.
Today, take a look at the youth who have graduated from us.
In Kermanshah’s your hometown, those who have studied are very numerous.
Sometimes this was not the case.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, in the entire province of Kermanshah, there were probably not more than three university graduates.
But today those who have written this ten times are likely even dictated.
These youth are suffering from propaganda and different kinds of propaganda. They raise questions to them.
You should identify their questions and then prepare the answers and then sit at the address.
Change with whom to speak, identify with their thoughts, and answer them according to their thoughts and the requirements of the Holy Quran, Sunni Quran and larger narratives.
Mr. Mamduhi said the same thing, and this is what he said: the book of Ayatollah Motahhari, the book of Mizan, has been properly organized and presented to solve the problems of the youth.
You stayed in Qom.
It is necessary to do these things.
Just think about morality as you think about acquiring knowledge and possibly more.
Dear God, purify the hearts of those with whom you speak.
And this training, as I said, "Everyone who has appointed himself as a leader of a society has to start teaching himself before teaching others" is very difficult.
It is necessary to carry out this difficult task.
Teachers should get involved in social issues, but the important point is that they should get involved in the issues that teachers should do, not under compulsion, but in the role of teachers.
The characteristics of teachers are that they are attracted to the hearts of those who speak in a sincere way through their teachers' behavior, kindness and behavior.
This is all things.
A person whose ties have been cut short if he can safeguard his relationship with the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) on a daily basis will be saved.
It is a very important point.
Dear God, encourage those with whom you engage in daily prayers and encourage them to participate in public prayers.
I do not know whether the annual Eid al-Adha will be held in Kermanshah or not. You should hold the annual Eid al-Adha here.
Shia and Sunni preachers should not harm their brothers.
You should go with one another and feel compassion for one another.
There are certain things that have been associated with, and work can be done together.
If this happens, her teacher will continue.
I would like to tell you that when the Revolution achieves victory, Islam receives a new spirit in the world.
Is this a powerful machine that was able to create such a great impact on the west?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the greatness of the Imam (r.a.) destroyed the western countries and destroyed the system of hegemony.
They recited the Holy Quran and got some information about Islam and became interested in Islam.
They were trying to undermine Islam at that time, and this continued. The second moment was when the Marxist system was defeated.
In Islamic countries, there have been so many youth who are sincerely interested in the Marxist system. They think that the formation of a socialist government will remove poverty, injustice, eternity and eternity from their countries.
Some of them are honest people. I have seen some of them, whether Muslims or non-Muslims. They are honest people but they do not believe in Islam.
They were a socialist because they thought there was hope in socialism for the people.
But when socialism is defeated, it becomes clear that it is not the case.
Therefore, they went on the path of Islam.
All the youth groups that you saw in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other places are from the slogans of Islam. And in the 1960s, all of them - about 40 years ago - were from the slogans of Islam. If somebody speaks against Islam, he is from the slogans of Islam.
The same is true of our country. I do not want to mention it as a name.
There are some people who speak about Islam, but under these pronouncements, they are really misleading socialist thoughts.
They turned to Islam after the defeat of socialism. They saw Islam, they saw the Holy Quran, they saw Islamic laws, they saw the Islamic Republic.
There is a system that has been established and established under the principles of Islam. There is a system that is based on the principles of Islam. There is a system that is based on the principles of Islam.
Those who are looking for the necessities of Marxism and Marxism but who have not managed to this goal are defeated. Today they see what they are looking for in Islam.
What do you think is happening?
They want to deceive this issue. This issue cannot be deceived.
In the U.S. monetary system, New York, and the Wall Street, the capital of the world, have hundreds of thousands of people gathered to say that they are not interested in capital excuses. They are not interested in capital excuses. They are not interested in capital excuses. university students join them and say that we are not interested in capital excuses.
This is what I have said. We have said from the beginning that neither the East nor the West - that is to say, we did not approve of the capitalist system, nor did we approve of the socialist system.
You should be prepared.
The teachers of Islam should be prepared.
The Islamic and Islamic teachings which originate from the Holy Quran and Sunni Quran and the speeches of the Iranian nation should be ignored. The reason for this reason is reasonable. The reason for this reason is reasonable.
If you do this, you will see how Islamic love will grow.
I have many things to say with you. This is also a source of joy for me, but it is necessary to pay attention to the time.
Dear God, place religious scholars among the things that you believe.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on these dear youth and the esteemed religious scholars - from Kermanshah to Kermanshah - to become effective teachers.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and guidance on all of us.
Make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) agree with us.
Leader Meets with Radio and Television - Khamenei.ir
In a statement issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, appointed Dr. Abdul-ali Ali Asgari as the new chairman of the Islamic Republic of Iran's Radio and Television Council (IRIB).
The following is the full text of the instructions issued by Ayatollah Khamenei.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dr. Abdul'ali Ali Asghari (may God increase his victory)
Therefore, I have appointed you as the chairman of the Federal Ministry of Radio and television for the long history of faith in the Islamic Revolution's Guidance and in the leadership of the Islamic Revolution's Guidance Corps.
What I should tell you is based on my permission to Mr Sarafraz when I appointed him.
Therefore, I would like to emphasize the importance of safeguarding, safeguarding, safeguarding, and training the officials of the Revolution as well as of working hard to influence the media in modern times, relying on Allah the Exalted.
I ask Allah the Exalted to help you fulfill this responsibility appropriately.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Urdebehesht 22, 1395
(11 May, 2016)
Leader’s Speech at the 24th anniversary of Imam Khomeini's demise - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on the occasion of the 24th anniversary of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) death.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master, Prophet, and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and chosen family, especially upon the earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us another opportunity and additional years to re-ignore our magnanimous Imam in that day and express our love for him.
Although Imam Khomeini was always mentioned in the hearts of our people, the 14th of Khordad is the manifestation of the love and sympathy of the Iranian nation for the great Imam (r.a.).
Today is the day of the martyrdom of his great ancestor, Imam Musa ibn Ja'far (peace and greetings be upon him).
This year is fifty years after the tragic event of Khordad, the year 1342 and the beginning of the Revolution.
The 15th of Khordad is a very important and determined day.
Before I go to the main point, I will have to speak about it personally.
The 15th of Khordad is not the beginning of a great movement of teachers and people.
Before the 15th of Khordad, there were some important events that took place in the year 1341 and the beginning of the year 1342.
For example, the events in the Persian seminary took place on February 2, 1342, leading to the harassment of religious scholars and the insult to the panegyrist Ayatollah Golpaygan.
Meanwhile, at the end of the year 1341, the issue of public protests in Tehran's markets was also undermined, with the respect of the great panegyrist Ayatollah Hajj Sayyid Ahmad Khunsari.
All of these points show that the teachers' movement in the year 1341 and early in the year 1342.
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important occasion.
The reason is that what happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342, shows that the relationship between the people and the teachers was very dangerous at that time.
On the Ashur of that year - which was the 13th of Khordad - Imam Khomeini (r.a.) delivered a very important speech at the Islamic seminary in Persia.
Later, security forces captured Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and, on the 15th of Khordad, in Tehran and in Qom and other cities, a massacre took place. The Dagutu government stepped up with all its power, as well as the Armed Forces, the Police, and other civilians.
It is noteworthy that such a commitment is the guarantee of progress and victory for the movement.
Whenever there is a movement that supports and supports the people, that movement will continue.
But if the people fail to participate in a disagreement movement, it will not succeed.
As was true of the Constitution of the Islamic Republic of Iran. The socialist and patriarchal movements of the country have gone unprecedented, but their movements have been defeated because the people are not with them.
The more the people enter the arena and support a movement and the more the power and motivation of the people are present, the more the movement will be present and the more it will be successful.
This is what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
As a result of the massacre of the people in Tehran and other cities, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was arrested and he forced the government to re-impose the people with all its power. A large number of people were killed.
The streets of Tehran have been filled with the blood of pious and youthful servants of God.
On the 15th of Khordad, the dictatorial rule and the faithless heart of satanic taghut became apparent.
Another point in the issue of the 15th of Khordad - which is good for our youth and dear people to pay attention to - is that during the massacre of the people in Tehran and other cities, no international organization, which calls itself human rights organizations, said something.
People and teachers remained alone in the arena of action.
And those who claim to be patriarchal - those who claim to support the resistance of the government - have condemned this movement. They say that this movement is a blind movement and a transgender movement.
Whenever the advocates of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps fail to stand up against the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, they will immediately criticize the pious people of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The Imam (r.a.) continued his movement on the basis of the support of the people. He reaffirmed to the world and the history of a religious leader who was determined to his goal.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had three kinds of beliefs: faith in God, faith in the power of the people and faith in you. These three kinds of beliefs revealed their identity and position.
He was speaking from the heart and was accepted by the people with all their belongings.
They entered the arena and stood firm.
They led this movement, which had no supporters in the world, to victory.
Now let me explain three of the beliefs that the Imam (r.a.) had.
These are some important things that if we understand, they will enlighten our path.
Regarding religious faith, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was the symbol of the statement: "When the people said to them: 'So, people have gathered together for you, and you should be afraid of them.
They strengthened their faith and said: “God is our Leader and our Leader.” [The Holy Quran, 3: 173].
He acted for the sake of God, speaking and acting on the ground, trusting: "If you help God, he will help you." [The Holy Quran, 47: 7] This is a divine promise, which will definitely be fulfilled.
In terms of religious faith, our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) understood the full significance of this term for the Iranian nation.
He believed that this nation is faithful, intelligent and brave. If there is an appropriate leader, it will be able to manifest itself in all arenas like the bright sun.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the Iranian nation would be humiliated by such brave people as Shahid Hussein (a.s.), but the Iranian nation would be humiliated by such brave people as Nadeer Kali (a.s.).
He understood the Iranian nation and was loyal to it.
He revealed their religious envy in the way that the Iranian nation was an example of firm determination and insight.
The people were the most sympathetic of the Imam (r.a.) and the enemies of the people.
This is why you think that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) did not fail to stand up against the bullying colonial powers because the colonial powers were oppressive and sympathetic. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) saw the oppressors as enemies of the people.
On the issue of self-confidence, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) taught the Iranian people that “we can really do it”.
He revealed his power to the world on the day of Ashura 1342, despite the pressures, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) appeared before Qom students in the Islamic seminary in Persia and threatened him to expel you from Iran by relying on America and the bullies.
It was a cleric in Qom, who had no weaponry, money or support for international assistance.
In this regard, it is faith in God and your trust in you.
When Imam Khomeini (r.a.) returned from exile, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) publicly threatened the Bakhtiyar regime, saying: "I will strike the regime of the Bakktiyar and I will appoint the regime."
The Imam (r.a.) trusted in his power.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had the same confidence in the people.
Some believe this. One of the powerful weapons that the enemy has made in order to establish its control over other nations is to put the enemy's feelings on the side of other nations so that people might be disappointed and say nothing we can do.
They thereby fed the Iranian nation many years in political, scientific, economic and other areas of life.
He told the Iranian nation that ‘You can’t do it.
He returned to us courageously, restored our firm stand on the right path, and restored our confidence and self-confidence.
We have acted in a different way. Therefore, the Iranian nation has been successful in all areas over the past thirty years.
These beliefs - faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence - form the foundation of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) position, actions and policies.
At the beginning of the Revolution, these three religious beliefs empowered the Imam (r.a.).
The same was true of him when he was forced to exile. The same was true of him when he went to Paris and when he returned to Iran.
Three factors inspired the Imam (r.a.) to return to Tehran in the same situation.
In the case of Bahman 1357, during the time of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.), Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) life, in the case of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), in the case of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), in case of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), in case of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), in case of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), in case of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), in case of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
These three elements are the basis of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) position and everything he is doing.
Until the end of his life, nobody had seen any signs of weakness, tiredness or doubts in the words and actions of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
Many of the world's revolutionary powers have begun to face doubts about what they are doing every year.
Sometimes they even returned from the chain and even returned from the chain.
He spoke at the end of his life even more than he spoke in the year 1342.
He is old, but his heart is youthful, his spirit is alive.
This is the firm stand mentioned in the Holy Quran, which reads: "And if they had stood firm on the road, I would have drank a lot of water" [The Holy Quran, 72: 16].
In another verse, he said, "They are the same who say, 'Our Lord is Allah, and then the angels descend upon them in a straight way, saying: Fear not, and do not grieve, and declare the good news of the Paradise with which you have been promised." [The Holy Quran, 41: 30] Three are the three beliefs that followed the path of Imam (r.a.) - the Imam (r.a.) and the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, and the Holy Quran, and the Holy Quran, and the Holy Quran.
The Iranian nation changed its power, and Allah the Exalted changed their position: "God does not change what he is for the people until they change what he is for their hearts" [The Holy Quran, 13: 11].
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation managed to adjust its path, path and motivation.
What was the result?
There are many things our youth should know about relying on the kind of trust that the satanic Pahlavi regime — which was worse than the time of the Kajar regime — did with England and later with America.
This reliance on them is ashamed.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, a prominent American diplomat said and wrote: "We are telling him (Shah) what he needs and what he does not need."
They are telling him that you should close relations and that you should close relations with them.
You will produce oil and sell it to whom you sell and not sell to whom you sell.
A nation that relies on others is transformed into a free and glorious country.
The country is ruled by corrupt leaders, traitors, money worshipers and materialistic desires, but it is replaced by human representatives.
They were replaced by officials and elections by the people.
For the past 30 years, the hegemons of the country and the political and economic affairs of the country have been representatives of the people.
They did not pay their pockets in the day of power. This is a very important point.
The corrupt and disrespectful politicians who were opposed to the enemies and their wrath on the people made themselves representatives of the people. Our country, which has advanced in the arena of knowledge, has been transformed into a prominent country in the arena of knowledge.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, we did not have any achievements and progress in the scientific arena of the country.
Is this insignificant?
International mathematics organizations predict that in the coming years - 2017 - Iran will reach the fourth level of education in the world.
Is this insignificant?
We used to be a country in which if we wanted to build a road, a big street, a basin, or a factory, we would have to spend our money with others so that foreign engineers could build a basin for us, build a road for us and a factory.
Today the youth of this nation, without relying on anything else, are building thousands of companies, hundreds of thousands of mines, roads and heritage buildings in the country.
Should we close our eyes to all these things?
In the arena of health and medicine, for instance, if there is a minor illness or operation, our patients should go to European hospitals if they have a coin, but if they do not have it, they should go to death.
Today the complexest and most sensitive operations are being carried out in our country, not just in Tehran but in many other cities.
The Iranian nation does not need foreigners in this regard.
We have reached a position of self-confidence in this important area.
Several parts of the country were abandoned at that time.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, many cities and villages of the country were visited, and rural areas were not underestimated.
Today different services are being carried out throughout the country, in distant cities and in rural areas.
Today nobody can say that we do not have electricity or that we do not have electricity or electricity as an example.
At that time before the victory of the Revolution, there were 35 million people in the country and 50,000 students in the country.
Today the number has doubled, but the number of university students has doubled twenty and thirty times.
The number of university students represents the number of teachers and universities.
In each distant city, there is one university, two, five and even ten.
In one state at that time, the number of secondary schools was not exceedingly high.
Today in this state, there are universities in each of its cities.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation thanks to the Revolution's Guards Corps and the determination of our youth and government officials. This is what happened over the past thirty years.
These are the important things.
Thanks to the Revolution, important and fundamental projects have been carried out in the country. Hundreds of thousands of companies have been established in the country.
We used to deliver goods from foreign countries, but today many of them are being made in the country.
It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
These things were achieved thanks to the faith of the Imam (r.a.) in the hearts of the people of the country, faith in Allah, faith in the people and self-confidence.
It is not that we are saying these things to us because we are not deceived by falsehood and we are not happy with it.
No, there is still a great task ahead of us.
I would tell you that if we compare ourselves to the time of taghut, such a victory is clear. But if we compare ourselves to what Islam wants, that is to say, the country in which Islam wants to be, the people in which there is glory, the people in which there is pleasure in the world, the people in which there is faith in morality and godly fear, the people in which there is a great distance between us.
I would like to say this so that our dear and brave people should know that this path will be achieved through the three faiths.
They know that there is a long way to go. But you can, you can and you can do so.
You can go on this long path to the peaks where it is expected to reach.
I would like to speak these words so that you should know that the enemies are making efforts in our hearts and they are doing this out of enmity.
The road map is ahead of us.
We have a road map.
What is our road map?
Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings are clear. Fortunately Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) talks and his writings are present in our 20 brochures.
I do not see any benefit from taking the name of Imam Khomeini and forgetting his teachings. This is a mistake.
The road map was with the Imam (r.a.) and he introduced it to us.
In terms of foreign policy, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) taught: resistance against the policy of interference with the colonial powers, establishing brotherhood with Muslim nations, establishing relations with all countries in the world, except countries that have scorned their swords against the Iranian nation and fighting Zionism, fighting for the liberation of Palestine, helping oppressed people of the world and standing up against oppressors.
Imam Hussein (a.s.) was with us.
In cultural arenas, the teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are the following: Abstaining from western moral and social customs, rejecting intellectual and religious hypocrisy, supporting Islamic morality and judgments, and fighting corruption and blasphemy in society.
In the economic arena, the teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are the following: reliance on the economy of the country, relying on what we have in the country, righteousness on the economy of production and distribution, supporting the unreliable people, fighting the practice of intellectual logic and respecting material possessions. He rejected the practice of oppression and intellectual logic, but he also appreciated the rights of colonialism, investments and labor.
The teachings of the Imam (r.a.) also demanded that we refuse to accept discord in the world's economic system and that we should maintain our independence in the country's economic system.
The Iranian nation can reduce this gap by relying on this map, relying on faith and commemorating its magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can make progress.
In spite of all its capabilities and outstanding personalities, the Iranian nation can continue its path in the past 30 years. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will become the model for other Muslim nations.
But the issue of elections is the current issue.
My dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian people!
Elections are the symbol of all three religious beliefs associated with Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and they should be with us.
It is our duty to participate in the future of our country.
Individual Iranians have this responsibility.
Elections are the manifestation of trust in the people because elections are the manifestation of the will of the people and because the people elect government officials through elections.
If somebody throwing his vote in the election box, he feels that he has made a lot of efforts to determine the future of the country.
This is a very important point.
Elections are a manifestation of trust in God, a manifestation of trust in the people and a manifestation of trust in you.
Any vote that you vote for any of the candidates - that is to say, the eight people in the arena - you do not vote for the Islamic Republic.
A vote for each candidate is a vote for the Islamic Republic. A vote for the Islamic Republic is a vote for the Islamic Republic.
You should believe in the Islamic Republic. You should believe in the Islamic Republic. You should believe in the Islamic Republic.
And in the second stage, the issue of not being selected by you, this brother, this sister and I will not be selected by you and I will not be selected by you and I will not be selected by you.
Our enemies and these innocent people are thinking that they can make this election a threat to the Islamic Republic and that elections are a great opportunity for the Islamic Republic.
Their wishes are whether to conduct elections unnecessarily so that people can interfere with the Islamic system. They can create discord during the elections, just as it did in 2009.
This is what the enemies of this nation want.
The enemies of the Iranian nation forgot the 9th of Dey [The Holy Quran, 30th of December], when the Iranian nation emerged in support of the Islamic Republic after the presidential elections in the year 1388. Those who thought that the majority of the Iranian people were opposed to the Islamic Republic for 34 years each year on Bahman 22, millions of people flocked to different cities in order to demonstrate their support for the Islamic Republic.
To reduce the impact of these elections, they have organized some scholars to speak through these media.
Sometimes they say that elections are well-organized and say that there is no freedom in the elections and say that there is no justice in the eyes of the people.
No, they do not know our people. Neither do they know our elections nor do they know the Islamic Republic.
Is this true of capitalist countries?
In intellectual countries, only if you are not a member of the two or three parties and do not have the support of intellectuals, their corporations and their outstanding personalities will be able to fight for elections.
There are some people who do not have the support of the Zionists and who do not have the support of the bloody intellectuals of the world's nations and who do not want to participate in the arena of elections.
Neither they have media with them, nor do they have TV stations to deliver their programs to them.
Therefore, it is a kind of money they spend delivering their plans for a minute.
In our country, contenders without killing or killing will be given a lot of hours to deliver their messages to the people.
Where do such things happen in the world?
The only thing that rules the arena of elections is law.
It is law-abiding that some may enter the arena of elections and others may not enter.
The law determined which principles should be meted out, namely, who are worthy of standing.
All of this is under law.
The enemies sit on one side and close their eyes to all these things. They speak out. Unfortunately, as I have said, some people who are not afraid of God continue to highlight these things.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will answer these people with their presence and with their firm determination. And they will answer these people with their frustrating reactions.
I would like to raise a few points to the candidates. During the war, the honorable candidates criticized some of the government’s plans. This is their responsibility.
It is possible to criticize what they think is wrong, but it is good to criticize what they think is the meaning of determination, determination and determination for the future.
They should pay attention to this point. I do not have any contenders. From now on, foreign media out of opposition and evil intentions will say: "I prefer which of the contenders.
I advise the brothers who want to attract the attention of the people to their reprimand to do what is right in speaking out.
They do not condone such acts in the past. They do not condone such acts in the past, either in this government or in previous governments.
Condemnation should not be definite as condemnation of the good things that were done in the past.
Whoever has entered the arena of power in the country does not need to start its work at first, since thousands of great achievements have been made.
Over the years, many construction projects have been carried out during different governments.
These things should not be neglected.
All these things that we should not do in order to face economic and costly problems are unnecessary, we should not deny all these things. This is wrong.
But if we have any solution to these problems, we should not deny all the things that have been done today.
And promises should not be made that cannot be fulfilled.
I would like to call all contenders to tell what they would not be embarrassed if they were recorded in the same time in the coming year.
You should make promises that if you are presented to you in the near future, you will not be self-controled and trying to justify the failure of the other person.
You should promise what you can do.
In our country and according to our constitutions, the president has great power.
The presidential power of our constitution is a great power.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the government is responsible for the implementation of legislation. He is responsible for the implementation of legislation.
The presidential hands are in different cases.
The only limit that he has is the legal limit.
It is only the law that limits it, and it is not too far.
The law is preparing, not limiting.
People who speak to people today should tell them what they can and what the people need.
If they have any plans and plans, they should tell the people, they should promise to do their utmost in implementing these policies and they should promise to use all the power that the law has given them to carry out their heavy responsibilities.
Some have the wrong idea that we should give in to the enemy to ease their anger against us.
They are trying to improve the interests of these people more than the interests of the country. This is a mistake.
The enemy's anger was rooted in your presence, because of the presence of the Islamic Republic, because the Imam (r.a.) was alive in the hearts and minds of the people of the country and because of the demise of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) on the 14th of Khordad, because the Iranian nation is coming out of all parts of the country.
This is the reason for their anger.
If our nation stands firm, if it has become strong, if it has reduced its needs, if it has solved its problems, if the issue of economy is the first one, if it is able to strengthen its economy, then the enemies will not be able to do anything in the face of the Iranian nation.
The essence of behavior is determination, faith in God, acknowledgment of the power of the people and self-confidence - both in the contenders and in the individual groups of the people.
Dear brothers, the ten days are the days of great trials. I hope Allah the Exalted will bring about a great trial for the people during these great trials.
There is no tactic or power except by Allah the Exalted.
Leader’s Speech to European and North American Youths - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
To All European and North American Young People
The recent events in France and similar events in certain Western countries made it possible for me to speak to you directly.
I advise you dear youth. I advise you dear youth. I advise you dear youth. I advise you dear youth. I advise you dear youth. I advise you dear youth. I advise you dear youth.
And I am not talking to the politicians and officials of your government because I believe they willfully and consciously removed their policies from the path of truth.
Speaking to you is against Islam, especially against what you are being treated as Muslim.
During the past 20 years - that is to say, since the collapse of the Soviet Union - a great effort has been made to present this great religion as a great terror.
Unfortunately, such a fear-inspiring situation is a very historic event in the history of the western countries.
But here I do not want to speak about the frightening phenomena that have been placed in the hearts of the western nations so far.
Returning to a short period of history, you will see that a new columnist criticized the injustice, justice and western governments’ attitude toward nations and cultures.
Europe and America have fallen asleep in the history of human worship, colonialism and oppression of non-Christians.
Your historians and intellectuals are embarrassed by the shedding of blood in the name of religion between the Catholic and Protestant followers or the tribal and ethnic followers during the first and second world events.
Rather, what I want is to ask your scholars why the conscience of western nations has awakened and returned to its senses on a daily basis after decades of delay or even centuries?
Why is the conscience of people dependent on historical events and not on modern events?
Why are people denied important concepts such as cultural and intellectual concepts?
You your know that insulting, provoking enmity and curbing the fear of other guilty people are the pits that have been shared in creating all these oppression and harmful use of the people.
Now I would like to ask you why has the old policy of fearing Islam and Muslims been revived?
Why does the world's system of hegemony put Islamic thought ahead of us today?
What are some things that are based on the thought and teachings of Islam and which are so critical of the policies and policies of the powers of the world, and what can they do to undermine the face of Islam?
Therefore, the first requirement is to ask and analyze the reasons behind this great effort to call Islam on the name of Islam.
The second requirement is to make a clear understanding of Islamic faith and Islamic truth in response to the great and disgusting propaganda which is called Islam.
A healthy mind punishes the obligation to know the truth of what you are being feared and to distance you from it. However, I am not saying that you should identify and understand Islam, but I am saying that you should not be sidelined by the fact that it affects the world of today because of a wrong goal.
Do not let them hypocritically introduce you and their terrorists as an Islamic representative.
You should know that Islam is from its roots.
You should know Islam through the Holy Quran and the life of the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.).
Here I want to ask you, Have you ever read the Holy Quran directly?
Have you carefully studied the teachings of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and his humanity?
Do you know what the Islamic message has been revealed in a different way, not in the media?
Have you ever asked yourself whether this Islamic movement was formed and, on the basis of some teachings, it has managed to become the greatest culture, scientific progress and intellectual progress of the world and has educated the greatest scholars and intellectuals of the world?
I advise you not to let evil policies and stupidity be used to silence you from the truth, and to eliminate the possibility of evil acts in righteousness.
Now that social media has destroyed the border walls, do not let you be destroyed among the locked border walls.
Though there is not even a person on his head who can fill the gap that has been created, each one of you can create the basis for reason and justice for the gap that has been created.
Although the challenge between Islam and you dear youth is a very challenging challenge, it can raise new questions in your hearts and you want to know the truth.
Efforts in search of the answers to these questions will open the way for you to discover new facts.
Therefore, do not let this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam be distracted by you.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader Appoints Dr.Ahmadinejad as Members of the Islamic Republic of Iran's Assembly of Experts - Khamenei.ir
In a statement issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the former President, Dakta Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, was appointed as a member of the Islamic Republic of Iran's Assembly of Experts.
The following is the full text of the admonition issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Greater Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
Considering the valuable achievements you made as President of the Islamic Republic for eight years, what experience you have gained in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassemustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate household, especially upon the earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me another opportunity to meet you dear people, dear youth, dear people of Mashhad and dear brothers and sisters who visited the holy places of Abul Hassan Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (s.a.) and to enjoy the blessed new year by sitting in the shade of the signs of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) companion.
I would like to congratulate all Iranians on the occasion of Norouz and the arrival of the new year. I hope our enthusiastic year will be a year full of blessings, enthusiasm, enthusiasm and good deeds for all Iranian people.
There were certain points that I would like to discuss myself during this meeting with you dear brothers and sisters.
The first point is a brief look at what happened to us, our people and our country as well as what happened to us in international arenas and in the region.
The reason why we should talk about the events of the year 1390 and especially the achievements of the Iranian nation in this year is that the Iranian nation has been plundered by the enemies and the spiteful.
The arrogant, mild-tempered and powerful leaders and their mercenaries in our region - they used all their power, money, propaganda, and political power - to intimidate and intimidate the Iranian nation.
Anybody who follows the propaganda of the Iranian nation with evil intentions will be able to witness the efforts of the Iranian nation in the arena of progress, economic efforts, political threats, military threats, and other such things. They will make it disappointed and intimidated by the presence of the Iranian nation on the scene.
They sincerely want to raise this belief by teaching us what our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) has been doing and the Islamic Revolution has empowered us to say that we should not be able to do anything at all.
They made every effort to this goal. Last year was the year when they made a lot of efforts to this goal.
I would like to see that in spite of all their hopes, the Iranian nation's progress, progress and resistance on the path of its Armed Forces gave rise to it and it assured all the people of the world, including the enemies, that it "will be able to do it".
The reason why we are focusing on the areas of power and the achievements that have been made is to prove that the Iranian nation has used its power and that contrary to what the spiteful people want to say they are not capable, they prove that they are capable.
We do not have weaknesses, we do not have weaknesses, but in the general situation, weaknesses and weaknesses are far more than weaknesses.
We named the year 1390 [The Year of Economic Jihad] and this year [The Year of Economic Jihad] [The Year of Economic Jihad].
The efforts of our government officials in the arena of economic valor and the unity of the people last year are commemorative.
One of the things that can be mentioned in this regard is the policy of governments.
Economically-minded people - both in the past governments and in the government - have agreed that implementing this policy is a must in the country. Everybody believes this.
Of course this is a common issue, but the issue remained unrealised because of the problems and difficulties that existed. But last year the government and the parliament were determined to take part in this important part of the initiative in a situation of sanctions which had suffered more than ever before.
The work is not finished, but what has already been done by government officials - both in the government and in the parliament - and what has been supported by the people has been achieved victories and a very important and praiseworthy task has been carried out.
The entire community has heard these things, but it is necessary to think seriously about it. This is a great achievement.
One of the goals of this initiative is to divide the support that the government provides for society in a fair way.
In the past, I explained in a speech that in the past, this kind of support was distributed among different sectors of the country in an unfair way.
I have a good report from different parts of the country that shows that it has a positive effect on improving the lives of disadvantaged people among society.
This is one of the interests of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The goal is to improve the production system and the economy of the country.
Based on the statistics of economic outstanding personalities - all of whom have shared in this regard - these things can be fixed on the basis of the implementation of the initiative to produce and use the funding system.
Another goal is to use the energy that is produced properly.
Since we are a God-given country with oil, we are used to consuming oil, gas and cancell oil without paying attention.
The value of these blessings belongs to a large number of countries in the world.
The output and the statistics are trustworthy, showing us that if such preparedness had not yet been implemented, the use of oil in the country would have doubled the current use of it.
When we are not producing the necessary oil in our home, what should we do?
That is to say, the Iranian nation should be mercenary and mercenary.
But as a result of this work, we managed to produce oil. Currently, the oil that is used inside the country is almost equivalent to what is produced. Therefore, we need not import oil.
This was the task that was carried out in the year 1390 when our enemies imposed sanctions on our nation.
But the youth in our society made efforts and they managed to tackle the enemy's plots through their efforts.
One of the most important tasks that was carried out in the past year, is the work that was carried out in the field of knowledge and technology due to public enthusiasm.
Education and technology are one of the keys to the economy and its stability.
When a nation acquires knowledge and progresses in knowledge, it becomes wealthy and becomes stronger in politics. It becomes dignified and stronger.
Because of the importance of scientific advances and technological advances, I give this issue special consideration.
I am receiving different reports every day from different backgrounds and I can tell you that the advances that have been made so far in the country are not far more recent than they have been announced.
According to a report issued by the approved international educational system - not just by our educational system - the most rapid progressive educational system in the world is the one that is taking place in Iran.
In the year 1390 which corresponds to millennium, the report published by the international educational system in 2011 - about three months after its departure - the Iranian nation made even more scientific progress than it did in 2010 and 20 per cent of its progress. What does this mean?
This was the case when the enemies of the Iranian nation plunged out the Iranian nation and said that we had imposed sanctions on the Iranian nation, but the Iranian nation managed to do something similar.
I still have their reports - that is to say, the report of approved scientific centers around the world - that in the region, Iran is the first in scientific progress and the 17th in the world.
This is a report by some individuals whom, if they had the right to issue a report on the matter, they would have said this. In the year 1390 we made progress in the creative field, in the scientific field of Nano and in the scientific field of universe. In the year 1390 we made progress in the nuclear field, and in the year 1390.
This twenty-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three
It is necessary to provide energy for our research centre in Tehran ( twenty-threeth of Uran) because its fuel is about to expel.
We had established certain regulations to give us the uranium that we should send the uranium that we used to send to foreign countries, but we failed to accept it.
Brazilian and Turkish officials came here to sit with our president, discuss and signed an agreement.
But after the signing of the covenant, the Americans rejected it. They did not want it to be signed, they wanted to get more points, to use force and force to be passed on to them.
Because of the failure of the Americans to fulfill their promises, the Brazilian and Turkish governments are embarrassed. This is the case of a 20-percent stopping of the uranium.
Last year they produced an estimated 20 percent of Iran's nuclear energy in Tehran and announced this to the world. Our enemies became troubled and lost their value.
Of course they knew that Tehran's centre was due to medical assistance - that is to say, supporting the needs of the sick, conducting research and that thousands of sick people needed it - but they also prevented (this energy), refused to sell, and demanded responsibility for it.
Our youth immediately formed it.
It is a difficult and complicated job, but it has been done so and the production of different kinds of medicine in Tehran's Tehran concentration Center and its domestic fuel system is being continued.
This was the case in the year 1390 B.C.E.
In effect, when the issue of domestic Uranium exchanges arose, they used to say that you should give Russia three and a half of the U.S. It was reduced to twenty-two percent. From that time on, France transformed the U.S. And our youth used to say that we can create the U.S. They used to make efforts to prepare the U.S. They used to show it to the world.
This event took place in the year 1390.
The increase in the number of drug addictions for six years, the increase in foreign exports and the extent of public services, all of which were created in the year 1390.
These are part of the achievements that have been made during the Economic Revolution."
These are scientific progress, scientific progress and scientific capabilities, but all of them have a direct impact on the country's economy.
By the end of the year 1390 - that is to say, this past week - I joined the oil industry research centre.
I have seen many advances in different fields of knowledge, and similar advances can be seen in other areas. One can say that these advances have not been made only in this area. These advances have not been made even in our society or in our dreams.
The first stage is the spirituality and jihad in the hearts of those who are doing this.
Like those who engage in jihad, they engage in jihad for the sake of God.
There is a difference between the people who work for the sake of money, the people who work for the sake of position, the people who work for prominence, or the people who work as jihadists for God.
This is a very valuable and important thing.
The second advantage is that our outstanding personalities have turned this sanctions into opportunities for our nation.
During this hourly ban, some people expressed their gratitude to God for imposing sanctions on us.
The spirit of feeling that the sanctions that the enemy has imposed on us as an opportunity is very valuable.
The third advantage that I have seen in that meeting is the greatest sense of identity.
Some sectors of the manufacturing industry, including three to four countries, do not allow anybody to acquire this technology.
For many years, we have been in need of training in this arena.
But when I see that they are determined, they say we can.
This firm confidence among a nation and certain outstanding personalities and youth of a nation is very valuable.
Another characteristic is trust in the youth.
Labor is in the hands of the youth.
And youth are the foundation of light and innovation.
Another characteristic is the relationship between industries and universities. I have always had this characteristic.
I have always advised the officials in charge of different sectors related to the previous governments to try to strengthen the bonds between industries and universities.
Fortunately, I saw that such a relationship was guaranteed at that point.
Of course this will involve everywhere and in all our industries and universities, it will help us make advances in knowledge as well as in our industries.
This is the economic aspect of the year 1390; the year when the enemies raised uproar from the beginning to the end. They sometimes threatened, sometimes made political pressures, and sometimes imposed sanctions on us.
Currently, the mercenaries of the U.S. government are trying to infiltrate this sanction in their minds to infiltrate the Iranian nation and create a rift between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
There were other great achievements that were accomplished in the year 1390; among these were the same diplomatic measures that affected the regional issues of the year 1390.
The participation of Islamic Awakening meetings, Palestinian meetings, Armed Forces, international meetings without terrorism, and Islamic Awakening meetings are all of the activities that have been carried out in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic has become a center to whom the world of Islam has focused, and today they have awakened.
In the arena of economic services, thousands of homes have been built to reach the public.
This is a very great and important number: houses were built in villages, streets were built in high paths.
These are the things that have been created in the years of justice and progress.
Despite the plots of the enemies and their evil intentions, this nation has remained steadfast and has made the same progress.
Of course, it is necessary to realize that the elections have not yet ended. I hope the people will be able to participate in the elections during the second round.
This election is very important.
I would like to inform you, I said in the past as well, about six months [of the enemy] are trying to kill the people so that they do not appear.
They used to say that if the people refused to participate in elections, the opposition of the enemies against the Iranian nation would decrease. They used to engage in different forms of propaganda to prevent the people from participating in elections.
On one occasion, by killing our famous people - who have committed a three-month-old crime - their aim was to intimidate our people and kill them.
Over the past ten years, the figure of presidential elections during the auspicious elections of the Senate and the senate and its representatives (USS) has not been up to 40 per cent.
You should compare this to the Iranian nation. You should compare this to the Iranian nation.
The 12th of Esfand is the day of the Islamic Republic. In spite of all their expectations, this day will be the day of dignity for the Islamic Republic and the people of Iran.
This election has been a source of accurate and powerful information.
They have confiscated their stories on Iran, they have confessed their disinformation on Iran and they have confiscated their facts, but these elections cannot be denied.
This has taken place in the eyes of the people.
This election has been like a powerful news platform that has been able to reveal the realities of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to other nations throughout the world.
These are the things that happened in the year 1390 and the year in which the enemies used their power to harm the Iranian nation.
These are some of the achievements of the Iranian nation in the year 1390.
Ever since the issue of the nuclear issue was introduced, the enemy has been aware of it.
Of course they know and say that Iran does not want to develop nuclear weapons.
We do not need to develop nuclear weapons. We do not need to develop nuclear weapons. We do not need to develop nuclear weapons. We do not need to develop nuclear weapons.
What is the essence of the issue?
The main point is the Islamic Republic's firm stand on the issue of fuel for this country.
Today and tomorrow - like the soil of economic and political power - dependent on scientific and military power and they rely on fuel.
Gasoline production will be needed for the world to come for many years. This is a thing that everybody believes.
The arrogant powers know that their life depends on oil and gas.
If they fail to this high cost, they will have to overcome certain things and give up their pressures to care for their needs. Such a day will be disastrous for them. On the other hand, the western countries are faced with problems on the basis of their natural resources and they are faced with increased problems on a daily basis.
Petroleum stocks of Europe and other Western countries will end four years, and nine years will end, and they must take advantage of the benefits of other countries.
The U.S. government that has set an estimated 30 billion gallons of oil on the basis of our scholars’ calculations - which depends on the figures and figures of the U.S. - will end in 2021, which is nine years to come.
At that time, they will rely on the petroleum that comes from the Persian Gulf and more than 50 percent of the world’s petroleum comes from this region.
At that time, they will rely on the three petroleum products of our region and the Persian Gulf, one of which is Iran, and I will explain more about this.
In the world, not just the Persian Gulf, the Islamic Republic is the country in which oil and gas are the highest number.
Some countries are far more than our own, while others are far more than our own.
In the sense of the gas, we are the second country in the world - Russia is the first and only we - in the oil arena and we are the fourth country. There are three countries that are ahead of us, but if gasoline is combined with gasoline in one place, the Islamic Republic, our great country and its blessings - as far as it has been discovered - what we have is far more than any other country in the world.
This is sensitive to the countries that use oil and arrogant powers, all their life depends on fuel, oil and gas.
It is up to 15 years old, but the Islamic Republic of Iran - according to the blessings that have been discovered today - has been oiled up to 70 years old. This is very sensitive.
A country with oil and gas like this, what are the arrogant powers wanting?
They wanted this country to be under a government and a system that would be like a bull in the hands of some regional countries. These countries had oil and many other countries, but they were like a bull in the hands of the Americans. They said to them how much oil you should eat, they said to them that there was no problem selling.
If the Iranian nation - which is the source of oil and gas - had a system with an enemy government that stood at the defense of the wealth, refused to allow this treasure to be wasted and refused to give in to the enemy's policies, it would be enmity with that system.
Those who think that if we shrink back on the issue of nuclear power, America will end its enmity to us, they are ignorant of this fact.
Their problem is not nuclear.
There are some countries that have nuclear weapons, and they are present in our region as well, but they are not interested in them.
Therefore, this is not the issue of nuclear power or production, nor is it the issue of human rights.
The problem is the Islamic Republic which has stood before them like a lion.
If the Islamic Republic had been prepared to deceive its people like some other regional countries, it would have been impossible for them to do so.
The issue is their presumptuous and arrogant attitude. That is why they are opposed to the Iranian nation.
Of course the Americans were making a mistake.
It is a serious mistake to think that they can force the Islamic Republic to retreat through enmity and threats.
Westerners do not allow their nations to realize what calamities they may face in the arena of wholesome blessings.
They do not want their nations to understand what is in store for their oil and energy. They do not want to tell their nations about these things.
They thought that the Iranian nation would be able to sustain its progress with enmity towards the Iranian nation.
Dear brothers and sisters, dear people of Iran, I would like to tell you that the United States of America - with all its power and all its uprisings after the wars and conflicts - is in a weak state today.
I do not want to create excuses and confidential information or any other special news. What I say is something that is as obvious as two and four calculations.
Imagine that the current US President has fallen asleep in power as a result of his revolutionary slogans.
What does it mean for transformation?
He said, "We are living in a bad situation. I want to change this situation.
Otherwise, the Americans who are exposed to racism are not prepared to vote against anybody, but they are not prepared to vote against anybody because of their wishes.
The effect of the Revolution's Guards Corps on the people of the United States is indicative of their bad behavior. That is to say, the situation in the United States when the Revolution's Guards Corps resumed, as the Americans themselves claimed it was a bad situation and he promised a change for them.
Therefore, it is believed that the conditions are bad.
I would not want to say this, but the Americans themselves claimed that their situation was worse.
Well, that is how this man acted on the throne, or was he behind the transformation?
Did he have the opportunity to change this dangerous situation?
And this obligation is equitable or valuable for the domestic products.
This is a serious problem for a country.
This is their political situation: it forced them to leave Iraq without achieving any achievements. In Afghanistan, their situation is almost every day.
In Muslim countries, in Egypt, in northern Africa and in Tunisia, American reputation has disappeared in their eyes.
In addition to all these things, there is a global Wall Street movement in the United States.
Is this a good situation?
Therefore, America is in a difficult situation.
Of course, America may have threatened certain countries.
There I would like to announce that we do not have nuclear weapons and we will not produce nuclear weapons. But in order to protect ourselves against any enemy attack against us - whether America or the Zionist regime - we will respond to them with an appropriate response to the enemy's attack.
The Holy Quran promises us: "And those who have turned their back on you will not find a place for them, nor will they find a helper.
The path of God that lies ahead of you will not be changed for the path of God. [The Holy Quran, 48: 22-23]
The Holy Quran says that if you start a war and attack, you will victory. You will victory and you will probably defeat - just as it did in the early days of Islam, when Muslims attacked and when they defeated and when they defeated.
But Allah has promised that when the enemy starts attacking you, it will definitely be defeated.
This should not be underestimated in the light of Islam. No, "The path of God that is past this path will not be changed in the path of God" is a divine name.
The Iranian nation is determined with all its desires and does not have any intention of attacking another person. But it is determined to love its identity, wealth and position, Islam, and the Islamic Republic with all its power.
That is to say, when you are consumers of domestic products, you are helping the Iranian pilgrims, you are producing products and you are helping the Iranian nation invest in and making progress.
The wrong-filled culture - which is unfortunately common among other parts of our society - that is to say, is harmful to our world, harmful to our progress and future.
Each of us has a responsibility, and we must support and strengthen our domestic production.
Therefore, today the officials have an inheritance in hand, and they can use it to strengthen domestic production.
Similarly, the people of the world - whether intellectually or hardworking - should work together.
You should be consumers of domestic products.
It is not a matter of pride and it is wrong to take advantage of foreign products inside our home, in our seats, in our daily needs and in the domestic products. Often the domestic products are far better than the local products.
I have heard that some of the products that are produced in certain cities of the country are going to be marked by foreign companies and are returned to them.
It may be that they are sold here if they are not appreciated by the buyer, but because they have the French identity, he should buy the garment, the container, or the buyer made here. This is wrong.
domestic production is very important.
In the field of production, the main part of the work is in the hands of the people. This is part of the transformation of the methods used by the Iranian nation two years ago and part of the economic jihad that I spoke about last year. The production of domestic products is a very important point. We should make this a hypocrisy.
Dear brothers and sisters throughout the country, today we need unity and cooperation.
There are many causes of discord and divisions.
Sometimes in one case, there is a difference in opinion and viewpoints, but this should not be a cause for discord.
Sometimes a person feels that way and a person feels that way should not be a cause for discord.
The Holy Quran reads us: “Still not fighting until your heights are weak and your heights are gone.” [The Holy Quran, 8: 46] If we struggle in various political, economic and democratic issues, our enemies will be able to fight against one another.
The failure of the enemies of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps last year is the result of the divisions that have spread among us.
The Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) teaches us, saying: "Those who search for the truth but make a mistake are not the same as those who search for the lie and find it."
If an opponent is interested in the truth, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in the Islamic Revolution and if he is interested in religion, if he is interested in Allah the Exalted, then he is wrong.
He is different from the one who is following the path of Islam and who is opposed to the Islamic Republic.
Unfortunately, modern media and digital media have opened the way for people to speak abusively about one another.
The essence of the issue is that we should feel responsible for the morality of Islam. We should respect the law.
However, these statements should not be viewed as something else and some people should try to criticize and insult our revolutionary youth for being long-suffering.
I would like to extend my support to all the faithful and sympathetic youth of the country. I would like to extend my support to all the faithful and pious youth of the country.
Everybody should respect the law.
The Islamic Revolution is a member of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the Iranian officials.
The government has respected the inspired parliament and the parliament has respected the inspired government and the president of the country. They should cooperate with each other.
This does not mean that all of them should have the same thoughts and feelings.
I hope the year 1391 will be an exciting year for the Iranian nation. I hope the year 1391 will be an exciting year for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, bestow the path on our dear youth and our dear people.
Dear God, punish the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, lead this great nation toward its future. Make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us, and make us benefit from his prayers.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon Allah the Exalted.
Greetings be upon Siddikat Tahira Fatimah, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) daughter, and greetings be upon her, her father, her husband and her children.
I would like to extend my greetings to all the dear brothers and sisters who have attended this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will prepare our hearts and tongues for his good.
I would like to tell you that each year, in the same day of Eid al-Nurouz, I have the opportunity to be present among you and discuss the issues of the country and the conditions of the country and to look at the past and the future.
Dear brothers and sisters, you should know that as the Iranian nation, we are not alone in paying attention to our issues and in paying attention to our actions and in paying attention to our issues and in paying attention to our actions.
There are certain nations that benefit from the experience of the Iranian nation. They look at the Iranian nation's situation and they rejoice over any achievements.
When we win a victory, they feel that they are successful, and when we are bereaved, they feel hot and sad.
Similarly, there are some people in the world who focus their attention on our work, but they are opposed to that of the beginning.
They are the hypocrites of the Iranian nation.
They are the most often involved in the affairs of the country, the most often involved in the affairs of the country.
The Islamic Revolution came and broke their hands.
Therefore, they oppose the Revolution's Guards Corps, the Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic.
Therefore, we are under the pretext of considering a great number of human beings.
Therefore, when we look at our projects and plans in the past and in the future, we should have a positive and accurate viewpoint.
Some of our people are looking at the situation of the country and they are not looking at it except on the weaknesses.
They do not see anything except the cost of goods, the reduction of domestic products in certain areas and the pressure of the enemy.
I have different viewpoints.
When I look at the situation of our country and our people, I think they are a challenging arena and the Iranian nation has managed to victory in this arena despite the enmity of the enemies.
Of course weaknesses and difficulties exist in the country. There are disappointing things in the country. Some of the superpowers in the world are working day and night to defeat the Iranian nation.
The inactive woman, who had previously been a secretary of state in charge of the U.S., was quarrelling and said that we wanted to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic which would defeat Iran.
They openly announce this. So in the near future, I will explain what they have done and where they have done it.
Therefore, on the one hand, there are the enemy's plot and enmity in the face of the enemy's confrontation with the Iranian nation and on the other hand, there are great achievements that show the power and capabilities of the great Iranian nation.
When you take a look at this arena, it is like a talented sport, but only one win will win the race and the others will appreciate it.
The win-win of this great arena is the Iranian nation.
Whoever takes a careful look at the scene and searches it in an undertone, he will show mercy to the Iranian nation, just as we now hear the shout of this sympathy from other nations, including the oppressive and blind people of Iran.
There are politicians, outstanding personalities and people who know where the world is moving and who take a look at the situation and all of them appreciate the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to pay attention to all these efforts throughout the country and to the results of these efforts.
Who are these people?
I will later clarify this issue.
The enemies who do not look forward to the progress of the Iranian nation in all areas have two basic plans: First, they will do as much as they can to see that the Iranian nation has not made such progress.
They will do so by imposing sanctions, by threats, by busy government officials and other activities in the disappointment, by curbing the intellectual and intellectual capacities of the Iranian nation and its outstanding personalities. Second, they will deny and deny the advances of their media. Meanwhile, thousands of media in the world are busy showing the world that the Iranian nation has made no progress.
In his speech, the president of the United States referred to the economic situation of Iran. He referred to the achievements of the country.
He said that the value of Iran has grown low, and there are economic problems here and there.
But he did not mention the good achievements that have been made in the country and the great achievements that have been made by the Iranian nation. I will briefly discuss the achievements that have been made during the past thirty years. I will not mention the great achievements that have been made in the country and the great achievements that have been made under the flag of Islam.
Last year, the year 1391 was one of the years when our enemies were so busy with their resistance.
They said we wanted to de-escalate the Iranian nation through sanctions.
This is because if the Islamic Republic stands firm and makes progress, its identity will be undermined.
If they are not able to do so, they should not try to this by means of their media and propaganda.
Today they are performing two kinds of hardworking tasks - that is to say, they are trying to prevent tasks through pressures, threats, sanctions, and other kinds of hardworking tasks.
We said there are enemies.
Who are these enemies?
What is the foundation of these machinations against the Iranian nation?
The answer to this question is not difficult.
It is 34 years now that the hearts and hearts of the Iranian nation are immediately attracted to the US government.
American officials should know that over the past 30 years, the Iranian nation has seen certain things that they have caused them to see from the time when the enemy was named.
This is an important point that every government that wants to live a dignified life in the world should pay attention to this point and learn its own lessons.
They are the foundation of these machinations and enmity.
Of course there are other enemies, but we do not see them as the first enemy.
The Zionist regime is also an enemy, but the Zionist regime is not at the service of the enemies of the Iranian nation.
At times the officials of the Zionist regime threaten us and threaten us with a military attack. But they also know from my viewpoint that if they do not know, they will know that if they attack us, the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" with its oil.
The corrupt British government is also opposed to the Iranian nation.
England is one of the enemies of the Iranian nation, but the British government is a mercenary of America.
The British government itself had no independence, and ballantina was regarded as an independent enemy; she was an American mercenary.
There are certain governments that show enmity.
I deem it appropriate to announce that the French government has recently demonstrated its enmity towards the Iranian nation.
A shrewd person, especially a shrewd politician, should not turn as an enemy a person who does not belong to him.
We have no problem with the government and France. We have no problem with them all the time. But this policy has been wrong with the enmity that the Iranian nation had started from the days of Sarkozy and the progressive government has continued its way.
We believe that this is a mistake and that it is a lack of reason and wisdom.
When speaking, the Americans say that they are ‘ countries in the world'. They named certain countries as ‘ countries in the world: America, their Zionist mercenaries, the governments of England and other other governments.
The world is not at all opposed to Iran and the Islamic Ummah. We should know that since the beginning of the year 1391 the Americans have launched their new plot.
Since the beginning of the year 1391 they have imposed severe sanctions on the Iranian nation - oil sanctions, banks on banks and exchanges of money between the Islamic Republic and other countries - they have done many things in this regard.
They were opposed, but they hoped that the Iranian nation would not realize that they were enemies.
A few years ago in this meeting, Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) said in his first-year speech that you should be careful not to let your expressions of affection affect your society.
The U.S. government has appointed a number of special individuals to address the marketplaces in the world, to travel to these countries and to negotiate with company leaders in order to ensure that they have not established economic relations with the Islamic Republic.
They should also prosecute them if they conclude a monetary and oil relationship with the Islamic Republic.
They started this work since the beginning of the year 1391, especially since the month of Mordad, where they intensified their persecution.
I would like to say in the past few months that the Americans were happy to say that I was convinced that the sanctions were effective. Of course, it would not be said that the sanctions were not effective if they wanted to be happy, they were happy.
Our economy has faced a problem with relying on oil.
We should put our economy apart from our oil trust. Our governments should put this in their plans.
17 to 18 years ago, I told the government that they should have a system that we could shut down our oil branches whenever we wanted.
At that time, some who called themselves “seniors” laughed and said, ‘Is this possible?
Of course, it is possible that we should move forward in a certain way.
When a country's economy depends on a particular area, its enemies are focused on this area.
Sanctions have influenced, but they are not the kind of influence that the enemy wants.
I will explain this in the future. This is the case with regard to the economy. In the arena of political affairs the enemies have done everything they can to see that they have turned Islamic Iran into a state of isolation as they said.
The governments should not allow the Islamic Republic of Iran to influence and spread its policies in this region and in other parts of the world. They have defeated this arena as well.
This is the opposite of what they expected.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps has gathered around two third of the world's population. The leaders and officials of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps attended the Tehran summit.
Both of them were sympathetic to the Iranian nation.
They told us this, and in their media interview, they all said the same thing, and their nations all believed it after they returned home.
This is contrary to what the enemies of the Iranian nation expected.
They failed to influence.
In the arena of internal politics, the aim of these sanctions is to raise doubts in the hearts of the people of Iran about the path they have treated. They are to create discord between the people and the Islamic Republic.
On the 22nd of Bahman, the Iranian nation handed down its ground with its appearances and expressions of love and sympathy that reflected the Islamic system and the Revolution.
In the arena of security, they did everything they could to destroy the health of the country, and government officials were able to highlight these events in their media speeches.
In the political arena of the region as well, they have tried to counter the influence of the Islamic Republic.
In the regional political arena, they themselves proved that no regional problem can be solved without Iran's presence and approval.
Regarding the Zionist regime’s attack on Gaza, the Zionist regime’s post-Iran presence has caused the Zionist regime to suffer defeat in the hands of the Palestinian activists.
They were the people who said it was not what I said - that if the Islamic Republic had not been presided over, the Palestinian activists would not have been able to stand up against the nation of Israel, and otherwise, they would not have been able to speak of the knees.
Because during the eight-day war, the Palestinians managed to defeat the Zionist regime.
I said the effort they made would not have been effective. The reaction was effective, but on the other hand, it brought us a great victory.
That is to say, the sanctions that were imposed on the Iranian nation were imposed on the Iranian nation on the basis of their great achievements. Without such sanctions, such things would not have happened.
Our youth managed to victories without the sanctions and we could not these victories. In the framework of the construction work, which I will explain in the future, in the year 1391 we made progress compared to the past, and it can be said that the year 1391 was unique.
Various advances have been made in the area of construction, in the area of energy, in the area of refinements of oil, in the area of refinements of uranium, in the area of refinements of power, in the area of refinements of power, in the area of refinements of power, in the area of refinements of power, in the area of refinements of power, in the area of refinements of power, in the area of refinements of power, in the area of refinements of power, in the area of refinements of our economy in the future.
We made great progress in the field of education in the year 1391.
Last year, in the arena of knowledge and technology, a lot of work has been done to make those who believe in the bright future of the country happy.
That is to say, our dear youth and outstanding personalities sent the human beings of Nahid to the universe this year, and a living creature was sent to the universe through Peshgam and a modern-day airplane was built.
When this living creature was sent to the universe and brought his life back in perfect health, it was first denied by scientists because of their great astonishment.
However, after the truth was revealed to everybody, they found that they had no way to believe it.
In the field of health, there have been great achievements that have to do with the welfare of the people.
In the arena of creative knowledge, we remained the only people in the region.
Great achievements have been made, and certain products have been provided.
All these things have been done in order to deny the Iranian nation this year, which has been imposed on the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation.
This year, we have taken the lead in various important scientific areas.
In the scientific and technological competition, the country has made 33 per cent more progress compared to last year.
In the year 1391 a large number of university students increased twenty-five times compared to the beginning of the Revolution.
That is to say, the number of our university students increased by twenty-five percent last year’s number of university students.
These are the great achievements that the Iranian nation has made.
In the field of water, climate, biological, nuclear, and nuclear areas, the country has managed to great achievements.
All of this happened in the year when the enemies of the Iranian nation made their utmost efforts to defeat the Iranian nation.
The lessons are valuable in the events of the year 1391 and the lesson is that any nation that exists will not be threatened by the enemy's pressures and hastiness.
She explained to us and to all those who have focused their attention on Iran, that what is important for a nation is relying on its power, relying on Allah the Exalted, relying on itself and not relying on the enemy.
This is what will sustain her.
The year 1391 was a battlefield of trials and thieves.
Of course, we understand what weaknesses we have. This is the characteristic of the waste.
During the Sacred Defense Era, the Armed Forces recognized the weaknesses and weaknesses of the Army in order to defeat it.
We understand what weaknesses we have.
And this weakness comes from relying on our oil - which I used to say is one of our weaknesses - that is to say, the lack of political control, economic regulations and the standard of taking action in life.
It is necessary to pay attention to this point by government officials - those who are now taking positions of responsibility and especially those who will come in the future after the presidential elections that will be held this year.
Another important lesson that we have given is that the foundation of the construction of the country is a solid foundation.
When the foundation is solid, the enemy's plots will not exert a great impact.
If the esteemed officials of the country and such a solid foundation recognize their responsibility and fulfill their duties appropriately, they will be able to turn any threat into an opportunity. As we turned the enemy's threat to a opportunity to sustain ourselves in the year 1391.
The effect of the actions of the officials and the people of the country in the year 1391.
Of course the economy is a very important point which I have discussed over the past few years, but the economy is not just an important point. National security is also important, human health is important, scientific progress is important. It is also the foundation of action.
Therefore, if knowledge advances in the country, all other work that will be done in the future will be short-lived.
National freedom is important. National independence is important. National independence is important. Local affairs affect a nation and a country. National independence is important. National security is important.
In all these areas, we have made progress.
It is in the area of security, in the area of health, in the area of national influence and in the area of power and power to resolve different problems in the country.
Through these advances, our nation has proven that the failure to submit to the US government does not mean that we should turn back. This is a very important point.
The superpowers of the world and the colonial powers - in the era of direct domination - and today America wants to show the nations that if you want a better life and a better progress, you should be in subjection to us.
The Iranian nation proved this to be a lie.
Our nation has proven that the failure to rely on America and other global powers is not only the result of progress but also the result of progress.
There were such countries that depended on America.
We have been in this capacity for thirty years. See how the Islamic Republic has been in the past 30 years and how the Islamic Republic has been in the past 30 countries.
Anybody who has read this, will realize that lack of trust in the global powers is an opportunity for a nation, not a threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation has exploited this opportunity thanks to its power, courage and awareness.
We used to do this at a particular time and we witnessed its success.
An example of this is the issue of 20 percent of the nuclear production demanded by Tehran's Research Centre and Tehran's production of essential nuclear products.
This insects needed 20 percent of fuel, which we did not produce at the time, and we used to import from a distance.
They should pay attention to this international need so as to force the Islamic Republic's approval of the provisions and needs of the country.
However, just before the issue reached a point that could be a problem for us, our youth and outstanding personalities managed to produce 20 percent of the energy that had been strayed back the night to ensure what this centre needed.
Our opponents did not expect us to do this.
However, the officials of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps recognized the needs of the Iranian nation as well as the needs of the Iranian nation.
When they think that the Islamic Republic will come ahead of them and they are humiliated and they give it 20 percent of the weeds, the Islamic Republic immediately announces that we have created this weapon and we do not need it.
If our outstanding personalities and youth had not managed to do this, today in the face of the people who are opposed to us, in the face of the humiliation, in the face of the unnecessary expenses, we would have asked them to sell the fuel to us or to demand products and products.
The officials of the country discovered this and, as soon as they realized it, did what they needed to do.
Therefore, we succeed, and this should be the system of governments in all affairs and affairs of the country. The Iranian governments, industries, farmers, business and intellectuals, intellectuals and intellectual organizers should shoulder this heavy responsibility which should be carried out in all affairs of the country and which should be carried out in a conscious way.
The points that they will write should be in this regard. If they are to engage in scientific research, they should be in this regard.
If they are to engage in industrial or scientific activities, they should all be in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to work hard to build the country in a way that cannot be destroyed and influenced by the enemies.
This is one of the economic issues of resistance.
In the economic arena of resistance, one important element is to put the economy at the risk of any threat.
The economy should be vulnerable to threats. It should be capable of resisting the enemy's plot.
This is the first point that I should tell you.
The second point is that the Americans repeatedly send messages to us in different ways, saying that we should discuss nuclear issues. They also send messages to us, and they also deliver messages through their media.
Central and high-ranking officials of the United States have repeatedly told us that after the 5+1 nuclear negotiations, America and the Islamic Republic will sit at the negotiating table on the nuclear issue. I do not have any hope for this negotiation.
Why?
Because our experience shows that negotiations from the perspective of the U.S. does not mean that we should sit in order to identify the right way out. This does not mean that negotiations should be conducted.
What they mean is to sit down, talk and agree with what we say!
Therefore, we have always announced that this is not a negotiating issue.
I do not have any optimism about these things, but I do not prevent them from happening.
But there are certain points that I should clarify:
The first point is that the Americans repeatedly send messages to us, sometimes written and sometimes messaging, saying that we do not want to deny the Islamic Republic.
Our answer is that we are not concerned whether we want to break the Islamic Republic or not. After all, you have repeatedly said that you do not want to change the Islamic Republic.
When you were determined to destroy the Islamic Republic at that time, you would not be able to do anything in the future either.
The second point is that the Americans are sending messages that we are really on the issue of the negotiations.
That is to say, we really want to talk to you and we are not obligatory.
I would tell them, "We have repeatedly told you that we do not want to develop genuine weapons, but you say you didn't want.
Why should we agree with what you say?
If you are not prepared to accept a righteous and logical statement, why would you agree with your comments which you have repeatedly proved the opposite?
Our understanding of the advice to speak with the Americans is a method of deceiving and deceiving the people - the people of the world and the people of our country.
You should make sure that this is not the case.
Can you say it?
In this meeting, I would like to announce that one of their strategies was that they sometimes shared the rumors that a group of people from the Leader had gone to negotiate with the Americans.
This is propaganda and it is a lie.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution stated that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution stated that the Islamic Revolution is the main Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The third point is that what we understand is that as a result of our experience and our vigilance, America is not interested in ending nuclear negotiations.
The Americans do not want a nuclear negotiation to end and a solution to the problem. Otherwise, if they want an end to the issue and a solution to the problem, the solution will be an open and easy solution.
What Iran wants with regard to the issue of nuclear energy is that the world recognizes its responsibility to curb the uranium, which is another responsibility.
The weaker powers believe that the Iranian nation has the responsibility to demolish Uranium for its own sake and for its own sake.
Is this a great hope? This is what we have always said, and it is what they do not like.
They say we are concerned that you are going to develop nuclear weapons.
They are the people of other countries whom I have mentioned at the outset. They refer to themselves as countries in the world.
They say that ‘ international countries’ are in anxious state.
No, the countries in the world are not troubled.
The vast majority of the countries of the world are supporting the Islamic Republic and our needs. They have done this because of the needs of the Iranian nation.
They should take to heart the responsibility of Iran to demolish Uranium and to remove these concerns, they can implement the provisions of the nuclear agency.
Whenever we approach the solution to the problem, the Americans will soon set a document to stop the solution to the problem.
Their goal, as we can understand, is to make progress in order to get what they are going to pressure.
And these pressures will not be able to defeat the Iranian nation, just as they themselves say.
The fourth and final point in this regard is that if the Americans really want an end to this issue, I will present a solution to them.
And this is the way: the Americans should put an end to their enmity towards the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want to put an end to our problems - as they say we want Iran and America to put an end to them - they will put an end to their enmity.
Thirty-five years have passed since different American governments, which have been planned to harm the Iranian nation, have been planned to harm the Iranian nation.
Since the victory of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic government, they have shown us enmity.
In the arena of security, they have laid down plans to harm our security. They have carried out hostile actions, they have disrespected our nation. They have supported our great and small enemies for many years. They have laid down plans to harm our economy. They have used all their power to harm the Iranian nation.
Therefore, if they are looking for an appropriate path, the right path is to fix their policies, fix their actions and put an end to their enmity towards the Iranian nation. This is the end of this issue.
There is another issue which I would like to discuss in particular, and this is the issue of extremely important elections.
Elections in our country are a manifestation of political dynamism.
Elections are a manifestation of political dynamism. They are a manifestation of the establishment of the Islamic Republic. They are a manifestation of the dignity of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is involved in the presence of the people during the elections and in the influence of individual members of the country.
Elections are the symbol of national will, the symbol of Islamic democracy.
Therefore, considering the importance of elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation have constantly tried to create discord in the elections.
They have laid out policies to prevent the people from going out in the elections, killing them, and causing them to be disappointed.
Thro the years that we have conducted elections - whether parliamentary or presidential elections - our enemies have always tried to prevent the elections from being favorable. This is because of the importance of elections in our country.
I would like to discuss a few points in the elections chapter. Of course two months have gone by.
But now I will mention a few things.
In the first stage, the first point in the elections chapter is that the presence of the people during the elections is very important.
The presence of the people during elections can reduce the impact of the enemy’s threats; it can cause the enemy to decrease and guarantee the security of the country.
The people throughout the country should know that their great presence during the elections will influence the future of the country, including security, freedom, economy, economy, and all the important issues of the country.
This is the first point: with God's grace and assistance and with the Iranian nation's determined efforts, the elections will be an important election for the people.
The second point is that all parties and groups that believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a responsibility for everybody, and it is a responsibility for everybody.
Elections do not belong to a single party or political party.
Those who believe in the Islamic Republic's system and in the freedom of the country and who are interested in the future of this country and in the progress of the country should participate in these elections.
Contrary to the elections, it is appropriate for those who oppose the system.
Third, the general opinion of the people is determining the results of the elections.
You should conduct a self-examination of the candidates and you should consult with the people whom you approve so that you can identify the best person to vote for.
I don’t have any more poll.
Like the people around the world, I have only one vote and before I threw this vote into the election box, nobody knows to whom I would not vote.
It is possible for those who care for the election box to identify the text and then identify the party when voting.
If somebody says this, it is not true.
Of course, in these days and in such astonishing media - such as daily e-mails and other such things - it is possible to spread information to different people.
One person may have sent thousands of messages.
I have been that it is possible to send hundreds of millions of such messages during the elections.
Be careful not to be influenced by such things.
No matter which individual or political party may attract the attention of other people to it - there is no problem with this. But in this regard, no one will hear anything from me.
In any case, people can advise and help one another to identify the right person.
Of course, the principle is the opinion and opinion of the people.
The fourth point is that in matters related to elections and elections, everybody should submit to the law.
The year 1388 – the year after the presidential elections and the year 1388 – was due to the lack of respect for the bills made by some people. They did not want to respect the opinion of the people.
People's opinion may be different from what I want, but I should appreciate it.
It is necessary to respect what the majority of society chooses.
It is necessary to use these legal methods.
As in the year 1388, it is one of the shortcomings that could not be compensated for their losses.
This will be a lesson for the Iranian nation, and the Iranian nation will stand up against it again.
The last point is that everybody should know that what we need from the future President is the good things that [the previous leaders] do without any weakness.
Everybody should know that the president of the country should always have the good things that the president has, but not with his weaknesses.
Everybody has a measure of strength and a measure of weakness.
The leaders of the country - whether present or future - have aspects to power and weakness.
The future head of state should have what we know today as a part of the power of the government and the present head of state.
That is to say, among the governments that we have, the governments that are approaching should be on the path of progress and conclusion.
Those who are willing to enter this arena should put their trust in God and rely on the strength of this nation.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on this nation.
Dear God, make the holy soul of the Imam of the Age happy with all of us.
Dear God, make the life of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) happy with the spirit of our martyrs.
Dear God, make the things that I said mean for you and your path and accept this as a result of your generosity.
Leader’s Speech to Ministers of Economy - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to welcome the dear brothers who are working for different sectors of the country’s economy.
On the other hand, today's meetings are a manifestation of the importance of the system on the issue of economy in this important part of the world, the region and the country.
We want to see that one of the days of Ramadan is the day when the government, the businessmen and different other sectors are working together, sit down, listen to the needs of the country and be disappointed in the country so that the government and the government - in the general situation of the country - should pay more attention to the issue of economic progress and make efforts in this regard.
This is the first point, and it has been confirmed and it will be presented at this meeting.
This is a message to all - whether government officials in the economy of the country, economic managers in all parts of the country and the people who should pay the same attention to the economy of the country today.
The second point which has been prepared for this meeting is, thankfully, the opportunity for non-government officials to present a report on the realities of the country, the progress of the country and the movement which has been made to reach the hearing of the people.
I am convinced that it is necessary to report the achievements that have always been made on a daily basis. I believe that it is necessary to report the achievements that have always been made on a daily basis. But what I see today is that people of this country should know what the results are from the efforts of the government officials and their different blessings in the country.
I would like to tell you that I am in contact with the people. People do not know about such advances.
The things that I have said in different areas - the things that I have written down and the things that will be by Allah's favor - are often unreported.
Great achievements are being carried out in the country and this is a source of pride for the Iranian nation.
It is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made good achievements in the field of production, in the field of service, in the field of agriculture, in the field of industries, in the field of education and many other areas mentioned here.
The people should feel this way from different non-government officials. This is a source of enthusiasm and happiness for the people.
Today, one of the methods of fighting the enemies of the Iranian nation is to kill the people. I would like to take care of this issue.
The issue should not be contradictory, hopeless, and resolute.
For example, we have made 40 percent progress and 60 percent progress. There are ways and capacities to compensate for it.
First, we named the year 1390 as the ‘The Year of Economic Jihad’ (The Year of Economic Jihad).
The policy of the arrogant powers is to harm the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in the economic arena.
Of course they have focused their attention on the issue of nuclear sanctions, but the issue of nuclear sanctions is not the reason behind these sanctions.
Per you remember, when they imposed a great sanction which was the beginning of the sanctions they imposed on the country, the country had no nuclear issue at that time.
Although it is not a very important sanction, it is still known as the "D'Amato" sanction - which was sanctioned by a man of that name in the US Congress - that is to say, it was a period of time when there were no nuclear statements at that time.
The purpose of the sanctions is to manipulate the economy of Iran.
Fortunately, the Iranian nation has endured this sanction for 32 years.
Of course the sanctions have been strengthened in recent years, but as a result of the progress of different construction projects in the country, these sanctions have not been underestimated. Thirty years have passed since the imposition of these sanctions. The sanctions have likely inflicted more harm on us today's sanctions as well as they have promised more.
It is necessary to prepare preparedness for it. It is necessary to identify our opponents, identify the methods and methods of the Armed Forces.
This definitely calls for economic jihad.
All movements are not called jihad.
It is a movement that has some characteristics and characteristics called jihad.
The movement towards this hostile movement is one of the main requirements of jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
Therefore, economic jihad means progressive movement that controlled the Iranian nation and destroyed the enemy's enemy's enmity.
Another point is that in the preparedness for development of the country - which is a very important preparedness for development of the country - we have prepared a system for future sustainability of the country in important areas of life. We have to reach this level.
And other nations will not sit down and look to us as the first people. They are present and they are making efforts.
Of course we do not use any of the methods that they use, and we will not use them.
Therefore, it calls for jihad.
This effort should be solid and thoughtful so that we can one's first position.
No, the future of nations today depends on this. No, the future of nations today depends on this.
If a country is not able to make progress in terms of economic and scientific areas, it will be oppressed and oppressed with impunity.
We do not want to be oppressed.
Our country has been suffering from harm and oppression for two years.
The weakness of the materialistic order of the kings and the machinations of the enemies are the main reason for this oppression.
Since 1800 the Anglo-Americans first attracted the interests of the political systems of the country and closely associated the interests of other European countries throughout that period.
The first embassy of England entered the country in the early 1800s - that is to say, when the Indian government was at the hands of the British powers and the royal center was there - from the city of Bushehr, when he descended from the boat and began to bribe and buy people, he quickly got the opportunity to buy certain people.
All these sons of the king and their kings and so forth, immediately submitted to that man. The plots of the enemies began in this country. The plots of those unconscious kings had allowed the enemy to speak in this country.
We do not want this to happen.
The Islamic Revolution formed a strong wall in front of them.
We want this wall to become stronger.
We should not allow them in any way to interfere in our economy, culture, politics and the future and the blessings of our country.
One of the sources of domestic power is the economy.
This is why we should be in the first place.
This does not mean that Iran must be first in the region. No, the future of this nation is dependent on it.
Therefore, it is necessary to make efforts in a sincere and influential way, and it is necessary to make use of all the power and resources of our country.
We have heard these things, and we can see these things from the progress of the country during the Revolution.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, no one would believe that this would happen.
The current trend is similar to the current level of progress in the country. Sometimes nobody did not believe that this would happen, but today we see these things happening in front of our eyes.
I would like to say this because of my knowledge of different parts of the country.
This is a very important point.
The economy that we have is very important.
Sometimes I said that compared with the number of our people and the number of the people in the world, the number of the blessed people in the country is the number that they value.
The majority of the country ’ s population is about one percent of the world’s population, just as our country is about one percent of the world’s population. Therefore, it is necessary to have one percent of the world’s population, but in some cases our population is about 3,4 percent and 5.
These are important and very valuable areas.
The same is true of the current rainfall issue in the country.
Therefore, in essence the country has many national blessings.
The same is true of the area where we live and of the region.
We are in a very important area.
Our neighborhood with two seas and our relationship with the important region between the east and the west - between Asia and Europe - is an important part of the region and makes it possible for us to encounter the west and the east.
These are good things for us.
As mentioned at the outset, we have doubled in the 20th year of the National Progressive Programme.
That is to say, a four-year plan has already been completed. This year is the beginning of a fifth plan.
Of course, many projects have been carried out during the eight-year preparedness.
As you have listened to the report, very important achievements have been made, but certain achievements have not been made and it is necessary to be done.
The policy declared on the basis of the use of national blessings, the general policy of the system, the general policy of the law, and the policy of the 44th legislation - which was declared - are both systematic and consistent.
If we are able to implement these plans according to their plans, then we will be able to benefit from the opportunities and the blessings that have been highlighted in this regard.
These policies can create unity and stabilize economic movements.
Of course some of the goals that have been planned for the past four years have not been achieved, but there are other reasons why they have not been achieved in this regard: internal and external issues.
These are the things that have not been achieved in terms of achieving 8 per cent progress, reducing the unemployment rate, reducing the investments, or reducing the cost of goods - which I mentioned on that day.
This is the point which requires intensified effort in this five-year process so that we can make up for the past.
According to the provisions of this law, we should examine the areas of governmental hegemony and economic affairs.
With a goal: Creating a competitive economy with investors and investors in the arena of economy.
They calculated that the amount required for investments during the past five years amounted to about 160 billion dollars per year.
It is necessary to implement this principle.
There are good things that have been done in the arena of implementing the 44th legislation, but they are not enough. It is necessary to pay more attention to these things. It is necessary to pay more attention to the economic system. It is necessary to pay more attention to these things.
There are always good things, but there are always bad things.
I have been discussing the issue of confronting the terrorists with the economy for many years.
When I speak about this issue, some people come to me and say that the more often you speak about economic terrorisms, the more often you speak about economic terrorisms, the more intimidating you are to enter the arena of economy.
I say the opposite of what you are saying is a source of encouragement for them.
A businessman who loves legal food and wants to carry out legal duties that is legally approved by the law should realize that the government will not give in to the perpetrators of the law.
We are opposed to the extortioners of the government as well as those who have managed to exploit their opportunities. It is necessary to strengthen the dynamics of the business that affects the country, its thoughts, wealth, its investments, and its activities. Therefore, fighting terrorism against the economy is undoubtedly an essential group that should be implemented.
Fortunately, all or most of the economic ministers and government officials in the economic sector are present in this meeting.
I ask you to take a careful look at what you heard. I ask you to take a careful look at what you heard.
We should not let the things that have been said end up here.
Of course, although Mr Tawakkuli cried out why there are not good things to say. Why did he say when the advice was presented, he meant that there were not to be good things to do, pointing to certain disasters.
I would like to discuss two or three points in this regard: one of them is addressing the affected governmental organizations and the other side is addressing the other side.
First, the issue of practical assistance is the area of production. Production is the essence of the economy. It is the economy of the country.
Regarding the interests of the government in the interests of the country and the interests that have started in this regard, it is necessary to pay attention to the support that will be given to the sector of production.
Of course, some government officials whom I have addressed believe that they are not in need of this 30 percent that night.
This may be the case in certain areas, but the issue of production needs the support of the government’s organizations.
There are areas in which, whether directly or through some form of sanctions, they are harmful, so we should benefit from these things.
Of course, the business sector has a responsibility in this regard as well: it involves the transformation of energy, the transformation of production and the transformation of production.
Some of the government officials lamented that some of the factories had not done anything to notice in order to re-create their old and efficient engineers. They would not be able to use them if they had been granted a bribe.
We should pay attention to this issue.
Of course it is necessary to pay attention to the needs of the government in this regard as well.
It is necessary to give a lot of money, but it is necessary to pay attention to the people whom I referred to - those who took advantage of the opportunities they had been given - to see that they did not use them for any other work. This is happening, and we have an experience of this on the basis of reports.
It is necessary to face this issue with all our power so that honest and sincere laborers can manage their work.
The next point is the issue of import. I have referred to this point as well. I have talked to officials on the issue of importing goods several times.
No one is opposed to importing goods, but importing conditions should be organized and checked.
The magazine so that we should not allow any time - such as the near Eid al-Adha - to lose a product in the market is not a major reason why we should increase the quality of our products.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic production.
Of course it is said that importing goods will help domestic products. Even if domestic products are not imported, domestic producers will not pay attention to the quality and cost of goods.
I believe this is not a valid reason.
In the case of import, especially on agriculture, the issue of importing agriculture is more important than what we see today than the issue of importing agriculture.
We have good materials in the field of agriculture.
One of our scholars presented a report on agriculture and agriculture.
In this regard, our country is one of the most prominent countries in the world.
We should increase our production.
We should export these herbs and herbs so that the world can see what we have in Iran. We should not import such herbs from Latin America and those such herbs are unprecedented.
The next point is on export.
Of course the government has a responsibility to help the exporters.
Fortunately, as one of our brothers mentioned earlier, our non-powerful exports have made rapid progress and increase in the future as well. We hope that we will make the necessary progress in the future as well as the standards of export and import.
We should a position in which we can satisfy the import value of oil.
One of the greatest disasters that are faced with in the face of our economic situation as well as the entire country’s global economy is the dependence on its fuel source.
I said in the past few years - although the officials of the government did not at that time - we should reach a position if one day because of the political and economic issues of the world, we might decide to stop the oil market for 15 days or one month.
Try to see what will happen in the world.
Today, we cannot do this because we need these investments.
The Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will be influenced by the Islamic Republic in the world on a daily basis.
It is necessary to this goal. It is necessary to this goal. It is necessary to support the issue of export.
In this regard, the exporter of goods and the officials have a heavy responsibility. The countries in which we have mentioned most of the goods being exported are the countries in the country, we hear about the evil things that are being done by some exporters, the things that are evil, the things that are evil, the things that are evil.
For the past 50 years, there have been industries in the world who have built and sold products to buyers and retain their trust.
For example, a German or Swiss company has been making and selling goods for about fifty or sixty years and still has its customers in our country as well as in other countries.
For what?
exporters should pay attention to these factors.
This is something that requires a culture: culture and improving the quality of domestic products.
The issue of fighting terrorism against the economy is very important.
If a corrupt person does not find a corrupt person in the government to help him, he will not be able to deal with the economic situation.
Therefore, government officials have a duty to prevent economic corruption in government organizations.
For example, when you realize that a disease has spread to a battlefield, there is no kindness and compassion for you to show; because you know that if you make comments, the harm that happens will not be limited to a few thousand battlefields.
Economic corruption is the same.
If you hear or notice economic corruption in any part of the government, you should not give up. You should not give up.
Therefore, it is necessary to pay careful attention to these dangerous diseases.
One of the necessities is to prepare well for unity in the area of unity. In the framework of the 44th policy, we mentioned the issue of unity which should be implemented.
We need a perfect policy in terms of coalition.
As one of the brothers pointed out in his statements, the bank accounts and other such accounts can be used, they can be achieved under the shade of the coalition. That is to say, the coalition is the best way to this goal.
The main point is that we should pay attention to the issue of the importance of investing in the country in the business sector.
That is to say, the sector of business should know where to invest. Everybody should know where to invest. They should not be benefiting from this.
Those who have an experience will misuse this.
It is necessary to give information to everybody.
Of course many things have been done in the past governments and in the past governments, but they have not been able to do so.
It is necessary to make efforts in this regard.
There are certain things that I have written about, but since the time of Eid al-Adha is near, I will overcome them.
I hope Allah the Exalted will increase the enthusiasm and enthusiasm of the people of our country, our nation, the Islamic Republic and the future of this nation.
The slogan that I presented last year on the issue of "Intensified Effort and Labor" should be regarded as well as the issue of Economic Strength and stability.
I hope everybody will make more efforts.
The future of this country is bright. The power and blessings of this country are abundant.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, determination and power in this country.
The country has a lot of opportunities to be called a second- dignified country in the world.
The depth of our history, our cultural heritage, the power of the people and the blessings of the country are all the things that tell us about this.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate household and chosen guides and chosen guests, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me another lifetime and the blessed position of Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake and may God be faithful to him) on the first day of this year.
I would like to congratulate all the brothers and sisters who have gathered in this area and this great gathering - both in this courtyard and elsewhere - on the occasion of Norouz Eid and the new year.
This meeting is indeed an example of the Iranian nation. On that day, our great people from different remote places all gathered together in the meeting of Abul Hassan al-Ridha (peace and greetings be upon him).
There are also brothers and sisters from Mashhad.
I extend my greetings to everybody and everybody.
Norouz of Iran for all of us Iranian people and Muslims of other countries who celebrate this Eid is an honorable opportunity to use it in the religious and Islamic arena.
The Islamic viewpoint is that we should strive to make the best of our opportunities, the best of our circumstances and the best of human perfection on the basis of material and spiritual advances. We can use this opportunity and the best of the time in order to fulfill the responsibilities that Islam has commanded us to do, in order to uphold the laws and values of Islam.
We should tell ourselves about the lofty goals of Islam.
In these days, it is an opportunity to make peace, to return to Allah the Exalted, to listen to the good words of others and to gather in religious places.
During the past few decades, especially during the establishment of the Islamic Republic, our people used Norouz Eid to draw closer to Allah the Exalted.
The factor that proves this is that when you take a look at the arrival of the new year, you see that the majority of the people gathered in places of worship, gatherings, visits and places of worship and places of worship.
This means that the Iranian nation is striving to benefit from this symbol and cultural festivals.
We should imitate this example in all things. We should increase our knowledge, spirituality, Islamic principles and Islamic morality with the help of Norouz and Norouz.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow success on all of us, the Iranian nation.
Today, I will discuss three more issues during the opportunity that has been established by Allah the Exalted.
The first point is related to what happened in the year 1389 and what happened in order to see that in the year 1389 certain actions were adopted by the Iranian nation and government officials. The second point is related to this year and the beginning of this year - namely, the Year of Economic Jihad and the Year of Economic Jihad.
The third point is related to the events that are taking place in this region: the events in Middle East, the events in North Africa and the events in the Islamic region.
Regarding the first point, I can say that the year 1389 - that is to say, the year of Intensified Effort and Labor - has been observed throughout the year, and our people have revealed their sincerity in different areas.
Of course the results of this great effort and this hard work will be clearly seen in the future. But in this first view of the year 1389 as well as in the actions of the officials of the country and in the actions of the people with the help of their officials, there are signs of firm determination and hard work.
This can be seen in many arenas.
Let’s start with the issue of knowledge and technology.
At the beginning of the year 1389 – on Eid al-Adha – I was able to visit one of the important industries of the country. And at the end of Esfand, I was able to visit another country on a scientific and technological festival where my eyes saw the results of this one year’s work.
The scientific and technological advances that have been made today in the arena of knowledge and technology are far more advanced than what is being announced to the people. I would like to announce them to you.
Since years ago, this great scientific movement has been launched in different areas. Fortunately, progress is being made on a daily basis.
Sometimes I used to read a Revelation from a Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) who said, "Eligence is a kingdom", that is, knowledge is a source of power for a nation and a particular person.
Knowledge and technology have such characteristics.
Today the movement of our country in the arena of knowledge and technology in most areas, especially in new areas, is clear.
In different areas - in fields of environmental knowledge, in fields of universe knowledge, in fields of Nano technology, in fields of nature, in fields of manufacture, in fields of manufacture, in fields of production, in fields of manufacture, in fields of manufacture that help reduce oil dependence, in fields of production, in fields of technology - in fields of technology, in fields of technology - in fields of nature, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology, in fields of technology,
As I said in the eve of Norouz, different research centers around the world have said that in this regard your country is ahead of the majority of the countries around the world and that the progress of the country has doubled the progress of the international network.
There are two to three important points in this issue of scientific progress and technology which I deem it appropriate to discuss myself.
The first point is that most of the experts who are working on this issue are young people.
The age of these scholars is thirty-five years - most of whom are youth - and we should rely on these youth. Of course, there are some faithful scholars who are doing their work in this arena and we should try to benefit from this.
The next point is that the people who are doing these great things are the people who are strong and dependent on themselves.
The main element is human power. This is what our country has.
Our youth are determined to carry out this work and they believe that all these efforts are essential to the progress of the country.
The next point in the issue of scientific progress is that the source, technology, production and sale of knowledge - which is very important - is the point which is being built up.
That is to say, education is being produced and transformed into technology, production and transportation of knowledge to global markets, which will bring about wealth for our country.
This transforms the path of education into material wealth and satisfies the needs of the people.
The honorable people of our country should know that all economic outstanding personalities - those whose economic outlook is similar to that of a successful government or those whose economic outlook is similar to that of the government - believe that making efforts for the government is necessary and beneficial.
It is very difficult to enter this arena, and the arena of action has not yet been established.
Thankfully, this work has already begun.
And the unity that exists between the government and the people is indeed a good unity.
The people's movement in this arena is a very good movement. The effect will gradually become clear, even though its positive effect has already begun.
The most important purpose of this work is, first of all, to divide the bonds that the government gives between the people in a fair way.
This is a great achievement that has been made in the arena of social justice.
Another goal is to manage the goods of the country, including water and energy.
Two years ago, we named this year "The Year of Intensified Effort and National Blessings"; demise, economy and deviation from trade.
This is one of the ways we can improve the way we use our national blessings in the right way. The effect has already been witnessed.
During the past few months, the government’s plans to improve the level of production and production of weapons have fallen short - which will benefit the country.
The extracurriculation, pursuits, waste and wasted destruction of wheat - which is a great divine blessing and is produced through hardships - has decreased and there is balance in the way it is used.
This is one of the benefits which have been achieved and which will be beneficial in the near future with God's grace. Similarly, adjusting the economy is one of the benefits.
And one of the things that shows intensified effort in the arena of economic matters is that of increasing non- Petroleum products.
Unfortunately, we have dependent on oil for many years.
This is the case in our country, and this is the case in our country, and this is the case in our country, and this is the case in our country, and this is the case in our country.
I have said for many years that one of the things that I wanted to do was one day when we could manage this country without selling oil if the need arose.
Of course, it is not easy to do, it is difficult to do.
adding to the product that is not to oil is something that will draw us closer to our goal.
Great achievements were made in this regard in the year 1389.
Among the things that guarantee firm determination and stability in the economic arena is the wise way that the western governments, under the leadership of the United States and the blind obedience of certain European governments, meet the sanctions imposed on Iran.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they have thought of increasing sanctions against Iran.
They themselves have calculated what they have done and they have said that the sanctions will crush the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation in five to six months. This is what they expected.
They think that by means of these sanctions, they will make the issue difficult for the Iranian nation and they will make it difficult for the Iranian nation to express their disagreement with the Islamic Republic. This is their goal.
A task has been carried out in a wise way in order to stand up against this sanctions in the face of the enemy's uproar.
The enemies were unable to their goal through these sanctions.
Today westerners themselves say that imposing sanctions on Iran is useless.
One of the problems for our long term is this: we are a country that exports oil, but we also import the oil from a country.
Therefore, they say that this is the weakness of the Islamic Republic and we will not allow oil importation.
As a result of their sanctions, our officials got into thinking. They made efforts and we did not need to import oil.
This is what I have heard from the mouth of these outstanding youth during my visit to the festival that was held late in Esfand.
They told me that we wanted to build this machine and we went outside to find it and they told us that you were under sanctions and they were not going to give it to us.
We returned home, we thought, we suffered, we tried, and we made this machine without relying on foreigners.
According to the government’s report, in the year 1389 more than 1,600,000 jobs were produced, and if so, more than 1,500,000 jobs were produced than expected.
Good achievements have been made both in the areas of agriculture, in the areas of urban construction, in the areas of transportation, in the areas of transportation, in the areas of transportation, in the areas of transportation, in the areas of transportation, in the areas of transportation, in the areas of transportation and other areas.
This is in terms of economic matters.
A lot of work has been done in other areas as well, but it is time to go beyond it.
The year 1389 was, thankfully, a year that has accompanied great effort and hard work in all the meaning of the word.
Of course the year 1389 did not have any advantage. The year that will come and the decade that will come is the year of labor and determination.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation and government officials in all parts of the country should be determined and hardworking in order to reach an appropriate destination for the Iranian nation.
However, from a scientific point of view, economic matters are far more important than anything else.
If our dear country is successful in making economic movements, this great movement will be imminent in the future, it will undoubtedly affect the country's progress and glory.
The important point in this regard is that we make progress according to the standard set out in the five-year progress programme - that is, at least eight per cent of progress.
The great business will determine how much we can use our power in the country appropriately.
Two years ago, I discussed the issue of adoption of national resources in a similar new year's speech.
People should know these things.
I ask the officials of the country to inform the people of the obligation to strengthen the economy of the country. I ask them to highlight the importance of increasing the economy of the country and reducing the distance between the people.
This gap is not what we want. Islam does not approve of it.
They should do their utmost and work hard to what is outlined in the five-year plans for national progress.
Reducing unemployment and increasing employment rates in our country are among the most important and fundamental issues.
Additionally, increasing investments by merchants and helping business sectors to invest in the world’s economy are among the most important and fundamental issues in this regard. One of the most important responsibilities in this regard is the establishment of coalition companies that can create large shares and establish large corporations through funding.
It is necessary to establish a framework for legislation.
This means supporting the progress of the country.
Today, 90 percent of the water that we have in the country is used in the field of agriculture. Today, it is used in the field of agriculture.
Well, see what will happen if, by Allah's favor, the government has access to water access and 10 percent of this population is reduced.
In addition to the field of agriculture, in all other sectors - including the sector of domestic use, industrial use and other sectors that demand water - we only use ten percent of the water that is produced in these sectors.
In fact, the value of water in areas where there is no agriculture will be doubled, which is very important.
The fact that people are directly involved in economic matters is a must.
Well, if we wanted to implement this great economic movement in the country in the year 1390, there were certain things that were necessary to be done.
I will present a list of these requirements.
First of all, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the beginning of the Revolution up until today, our nation has made progress everywhere that has entered the arena with the spirit of jihad. We have seen this during the Sacred Defense Era. We have seen this in the arena of jihad and construction of the country.
If we have the spirit of jihad in different areas - that is to say, working for the sake of God and working for the sake of a child - not just as a weight - our movement will definitely continue.
Second, it is the strengthening of spirituality, faith and religious jealousy in society.
Everybody should know this. It is necessary to place religious feelings in the country and in the youth that will help the people in the affairs of the world.
The effect of religious envy on the hearts of youth should not be asserted only in the holidays or in the holidays of Friday during Dua Kumail.
If the youth of a nation become religious, they will abstain from sexual immorality. They will abstain from sexual immorality. They will abstain from the morality of the youth.
The same is true of the economic arena.
The power of religion is a very valuable achievement.
The next requirement is not to be anxious about the things behind the scene. You see that the main issues of the country are often the same and everybody should pay attention to these issues.
It would be like an airplane with a group of people traveling to a particular destination.
Therefore, the issue behind the arena should not be introduced into the arena of action.
Another requirement is to preserve international unity and cooperation.
The unity that exists between the people and the people and government officials - that is to say, the people who love, trust, support and cooperate with their officials and the unity that exists between the people and the people - should continue to exist and be strengthened on a daily basis.
One of the greatest machinations of the Iranian nation is to create internal divisions.
Fortunately, our nation is awake.
All those who love the country and who love the religious democracy - which is a source of pride for the Iranian nation - should identify themselves.
The same is true of government officials. They should try to prevent it from presenting it to the people even if there is discord among them - at certain times. This will harm national unity.
I would like to extend my attention to the officials in charge of this issue.
The most important issue of the world is to resolve it through communication. These specific issues are not important.
Of course, I would like to remind you of this point again. Sometimes this name is what I am giving you this year, but you see that the walls of Tehran and other cities have been filled with writings about this point.
This is useless.
Sometimes even a lot of money is expended. What is the necessity of this?
What I want to see among the people and government officials is that they should pay attention to this slogan, accept it and make efforts to prove it.
There is no need for a lot of work to be done.
Of course paying attention to the issue of the economy does not mean that we should neglect other areas.
In other areas, especially in the arena of knowledge and technology, it is necessary to help these youthful scholars to be accepted by them in order to be able to make great achievements.
The recent events - such as the issues of Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - are very important.
This great transformation is taking place in the Islamic and Arab region. This is the manifestation of the Islamic Awakening.
This event, which has been celebrated for many years in the Islamic Republic, is a manifestation of itself in the life of countries. There are two characteristics. One is the issue of presence of the people and the other is religious faith and retreat to it.
These are two basic elements.
The presence of the people on the scene is the same thing that happened during the Islamic Revolution.
Organizations, parties, those sitting on the tables and in large houses and intellectual analysts are unable to do anything.
Our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) managed to bring the people into the arena.
Today, the same thing is happening in countries such as Arabic.
It was in Egypt or Tunisia that people used to enter the arena independently. Otherwise, the famous people and the people living in large houses used to speak out at all times.
The people themselves entered the arena and their objective was religious.
That is to say, the gathering of the Friday prayer, the prayers of the people, the name of God, the religious scholars, the religious people and the religious intellectuals who entered the arena in the countries prompted them to enter the arena.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
Why did they fit?
In Egypt, Tunisia and other countries, the oppressive rulers and the oppressive rulers have abused their dignity.
For example, the people of Egypt see their leader doing the worst thing in order to address the demands of the Zionist regime.
If Hosni Mubarak had not cooperated with the Zionist regime in the siege of Gaza, the Israelites would not have been able to do the same harm to the people of Gaza.
But Hosni Mubarak entered the arena, helped, closed the way in and went out of Egypt.
When he learns that the people of Gaza are treading under the ground, he builds a wall that is 30 meters long and enters it to the ground to shut down the road.
This is what Hosni Mubarak did.
The same is true of other countries.
As an example in Libya, although Gaddafi showed the resistance of the west during the first days of his reign, he has rendered great services to the west in recent years.
(Nigeria) with their eyes witnessed that from the girl of a threat, he accumulated all his nuclear capabilities, put them on the boat, sent them to the west, and asked you to go with them!
You should take a look at the position of our nation and see what they are.
But our government officials not only did not give up but, in spite of the enemy's interests, the plans are increased every year.
The same insult can be observed in all these countries.
This is what is important for us.
Of course they did not understand what they did and they did not know the people and they decided to take decisive action.
Of course, what America has seen in these and different other countries is the support of dictatorial leaders. They have been Hosni Mubarak's guardians to the end as far as they could. But when they found themselves unable to do so, they turned their backs on him.
This is a lesson for America’s dependent leaders to realize that when their advantage fails and they have no value (to them) they will throw it as if it were useless, they will not be bothered.
What happened to the West and to America itself is very unacceptable.
Egypt is one of the pillars of East America's policies. It is based on this policy.
But they failed to safeguard this foundation so that it could continue their use.
If human beings stay awake, they will be able to eradicate this trap and destroy their machinations.
The Americans tried to see that since they lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunisia, they should try to defend their own government.
By Allah's grace and favor, America will continue to suffer defeat in the region.
After losing their people in these countries, they set before them two things that they wanted to: first is waiting for expectations and second is trying to create a similar situation in other places.
They were defeated in this regard.
The second point is comparison. The purpose and purpose of this comparison is to bring about similar events in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya in other countries.
The main hypocrisy is their claim to defend the rights of the people.
They claim that they are opposed to the dictators, they support the rights of the nations. But they are lying.
They do not just feel compassion for other nations, but their nations do not even feel compassion for them.
The current president of the United States has used billions of dollars to revive the existing economic situation in order to revive the banks, to revive the weapons industry and to revive the oil industry.
It attracts people to revive companies, fills the pockets of companies and fills the pockets of banks. Therefore, they do not feel compassion for their nations.
Today the Americans are faced with economic hardships and there is no solution.
In addition to prisons, torture stations, such as Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, Iraq and other places that torture people who live elsewhere.
People do not understand these things.
Did the liberated US President know what he was saying?
Was he really familiar with the people behind the arena who were turning his policies, or was he not ignorant?
He said that those who live on Tehran's Azadi ('reliance) website are the people who live on Egypt's independent website.
Yes, he was right. Every year on Bahman 22, the people gathered on this independent website with the slogan, "Allah has cursed America".
Regarding the events taking place in this region, the position of the Islamic Republic of Iran is clear.
Our position is to support nations with their rights.
This is the identity of the Islamic Republic. This is the identity of the Islamic Republic.
Our policy is this: our hearts are these, and our words are those of our people and those of our government officials.
There are two areas to pay attention to: first is Libya and second is Bahrain.
In the case of Libya, we are condemned by the Libyan government's behavior towards the people, its killing of the people and its bombs on cities and civilians, but we are condemned by the invasion of the Americans, America and other western countries.
They claim that we have entered Libya to defend the people or to attack the Armed Forces. This is not to be accepted.
If they are truly supportive of the Libyan people and if their hearts are rooted in the behavior of the Libyan people, then the Libyan people have been bombarded for about a month.
If you want to help them, give them weapons, tools, and flight crew.
Therefore, you did not come in for the sake of the people. You dear people are in Libya and you dear people are in Libya and you dear people are in Libya.
You want to find a place to establish your shoulders in order to promote the future revolutionary governments in Egypt and Tunisia. You want to keep them in mind.
Your intentions are bad.
The United Nations - which should be a minister of nations - is, unfortunately, an armed force in the hands of these people.
This is a disgrace for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreign soldiers and the presence of westerners is not acceptable.
If you want to help the Libyan people, the way to help them is open. You can help the people, encourage them, and help the people of the country deal with Gaddafi's problems themselves. Why did you join this?
Their main need for elections is for each one to have one vote. Is this a great need?
In the present era of elections in Bahrain, the people are not responsible for voting in general, but they are not responsible for voting in general.
Well, westerners should take advantage of this opportunity so that they can interfere in the affairs of the region and introduce something new - the issue of Shia and Sunni.
Because the Bahraini people are sympathetic and Shia, no one is responsible for their support.
Television broadcasts broadcast events in the region, but here they were silent about the issue of Bahrain and they did not say what was happening about the bloodthirsty of the Bahraini people.
And some people from the Persian Gulf - political or journalists - came and said that the issue of Bahrain is Shia and Sunni.
Just like what happened in Tunisia, just like what happened in Egypt, just like what happened in Libya, it is like what happens in Yemen. There is no difference.
The Americans were happy that they managed to address this issue as a discord between Shia and Sunni through their media and propaganda tools.
They argued that the people of Bahrain were supported by the Iranian nation for a particular reason.
We have supported all of them.
We have been supporting the Palestinian people for 32 years.
Were the people of Palestine Shia?
Our youth went to the airport to be allowed to travel to Gaza!
They are ready to go to Gaza and fight against Israel.
We said they should not leave.
Our people expressed their support for the people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt and Tunisia, and they were not Shia.
Therefore, the issue is not Shia or Sunni.
Persecutors are trying to present the issue of Bahrain as a Shia and Sunni issue.
Unfortunately, some people who seemed to have no wrong intentions were exposed to their traps.
If there is any hope of kindness in this regard, I would tell them: The issue is not Shia and Sunni. This is a great act of service to the US. This is a great act of service to the enemies of the Iranian nation, who manifest the great movement for the independence of a nation as a Sunni and Sunni conflict.
We do not have any difference between Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
Any popular movement that sings like Islamic and independent movements should be supported by us.
The great foolishness of America is that they do not see the import of Bahrain and Saudi tanks as interference in the affairs of the country. But when our maraches, our teachers, and our loving-kind people said that you should not kill people, they said that you are interfering.
Is this interference in domestic affairs a country?
The fact that we have called a government to kill your people is a source of discord, but the entry of foreign tanks to the streets of Bahrain is not a source of discord into domestic affairs. This is a source of foolishness for the Americans and their mercenaries in the region.
The Americans have a distance of thousands of miles from the region.
Anybody who does such a job is wrong.
What I would like to say is that by Allah's favor, a new movement took place in the region.
As God has promised, this movement will definitely succeed.
The Iranian nation is honorable and proud that it was the beginning of this movement and that it continued its resistance.
The youth who came and did not see these revolutionaries, but if they did not stand up like those youth at that time, they would not fail.
Dear God, bestow Your grace and blessings on this great nation.
Dear God, bestow Your dignity on this nation, on this movement and on Islam and Muslims.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, make us benefit from the blessedness of our martyrs and our magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with officials of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Muhammad, and upon his immaculate household, especially the Imam of the Age (God’s greetings be upon him).
I would like to welcome the dear brothers and sisters, the hardworking government officials and the enmity of the country. I hope Allah the Exalted will make this holy month a blessing for all of you.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us another opportunity to gather again and prepare this enthusiastic and enthusiastic meeting to discuss the important issues of the country and to listen to the statements.
I divide the words into three categories. First of all, it is a reminder which I am the lowest-ranking servant in the first century, and I hope we will be able to do so thanks to the holy month of Ramadan. Second of all, it is a reminder that affects the country in general.
The final phase which, by Allah's favor, will consider is related to the events that happen in our neighborhood and the events that happen in the region.
The late Hajj Mirza Jawad Agha Maliki Tabrizi, a well-known religious scholar and religious scholar of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, says in his book, Al-Mabaturak: “Agreat is a divine gift which Allah the Exalted gives to his servants and believers.
What he said was that fasting is not a sanctity, but a dignity which requires appreciation for it." That is to say, fasting is a divine honor for his servants. It is necessary to thank God for it.
One of these or most important things, as he himself said, is that one of the characteristics that is superior to any other characteristics is that hunger and thirst bring about an atmosphere of reflection in the heart of a person, which opens the ground for thought in which one hour of thought is better than one hour of worship.
This thought is one of the kinds of thoughts that turn to the mind and soul and heart of a person who reveals the truth and turns the door to wisdom. We should think about our age.
The years of worship are the primary capital of each individual.
The blessings are being obtained through this life - that is to say, the hour of the days - and this is the capital of eternal salvation and Paradise for mankind.
Let us think about this life and the way the years go.
We should always hear how the hours of our life and the days and the nights go.
We have always watched how life goes. ‘Liver is like snow that smashes under the heat of the sun’
And this fortune is all things for us and it is all things for us to attain spiritual blessings.
Where do we use it, and how do we use it?
When we think of death, when we walk out of this world, when we think of the soul of a person and when we meet with the angel of death, this is a time for each one of us. "Every soul is committed to death(2)" All of us will analyze this.
What will our condition be at that time?
Another phenomenon is this prayer.
The contents of the prayers from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household are astonishing. In the book of al-Murakabat, he said: "The truth of the prayers from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is not part of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
Therefore, these prayers are very important.
Approaching the hearers is a reminder to those who have not heard: it is the twenty-five prayer of the book of Sahurat al-Sajjadiya, a prayer known as Makarim al-Akhlak.
The beginning of this prayer is: "God's blessings be upon Muhammad and his household, clothe me with the appearance of the righteous servants of God, and clothe me with the appearance of the God-fearing" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Adha, Ayah 25].
What does it mean to wear me in the appearance of the kind and God-fearing servants?
Dear God, put me on the appearance of God-fearing people in certain things: the first one, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one, is, the first one.
The fear of God that is expected from us is one of the foundations of this fear of God.
Sometimes a person becomes an ordinary person. Your anger affects a brother in religion or a family member or a member of the staff in your assignment. Your anger is a very good thing. Your anger is a source of anger. Your forgiveness is a source of offense, a source of offense, a source of offense.
When you take offense at a person or group and say something about it, the effect of your anger and the anger of a person who has no responsibility to strike a person is not the same.
We should not do anything angrily.
Dear God, forgive us our sins and our failures in our dealings...(4)".
The fire of enmity.
Everybody should make efforts to put an end to this fire.
This is the reason why we constantly urge our brothers, government officials, those who have the right to speak out, those who speak out in the country or those who are at the service of other parts of the country to pay attention to their statements.
Sometimes a statement does not mean that it will not destroy the fire, but that it will fuel it with increased power.
Those who are in the middle of the path should try to get them to the right place. We should not let our actions, our actions, our actions, and our speech be thwarted by those who are in the middle of the path and stop believing in this path.
We should not separate people from those who have a half relationship with this system.
If there is discord among the people, we should try to resolve it.
When a university official commits a good job, try to explain this.
We have spoken a lot about this issue.
This is part of this prayer. It is about two to three issues, but I have spoken about sixty of them in my present time.
We should pray to Allah the Exalted to put us on the clothes of believers.
These are part of the fear of God.
This is the first point that I want to discuss.
Second, it is a general analysis of the situation of the country.
The report, which was presented by the Imam of the Age (a.s.), is an important point in the report. I would like to say that these points would reach the hearts of everybody who knows what efforts, hardships, and services are being made.
I will explain the situation of the country in one way or another, which is very important to us.
Why is this important?
First of all, knowing the conditions of the country and where we are, where we have arrived and what path should we pursue is very important and always is very important. But today the issue is very important and it may even be said that due to the conditions of the world, it is necessary to multiply.
First of all, the situation in the region is unique.
The great achievements that have been made in this region are unprecedented from the beginning of the Revolution up until today. The great achievements have been made.
If a nation like the Egyptian nation had made such a great movement, it would have denounced the government and used an Islamic slogan to threaten the Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime's Zionist regime.
This is the situation in which we find ourselves. This is the situation in which we find an astonishing scene for the Islamic Republic.
The economic crisis that has caused the arrogant western governments is a great issue and it will not be easily passed away.
The comments that you hear from western countries about the economic situation of America and certain western countries and their concerns about the future are part of this issue. They are not all saying.
The intellectual and political organizations of the world and the political organizations of global powers - which are often attracted by media - do not want the people of the world to see the realities of their problems. This is because the elements of this issue are far more than they say.
By Allah's favor, I will clarify this issue until the end of my speech.
Another issue is the prevalence of cross-growing and terrorist activities in western countries, especially in Europe. Like the new Nazi pilgrims and the new U.S. pilgrims who were the pioneers of the past US government, they openly express their transgression.
He later attacked two Muslim countries.
There are certain things that they want to do, but Allah the Exalted has not given them any opportunity to defeat.
These are the important things.
This incident in Norway should not just be viewed as a simple event.
In such conditions, we should look at our situation and see what we are doing.
If we fail to take a look at this opportunity and if we fail to work at it properly, then if we fail to take advantage of it at the right time, then we will be disappointed.
Sometimes ignoring an opportunity itself becomes a threat and it becomes a backwardness.
Therefore, it is not wrong to take a look at the current events in the country from this perspective.
We should look at all things. We should look at all things. We should look at all things.
The same is true of the media as well.
When someone says why you are saying this, they say you don’t want us to say the truth.
We want to tell the truth. No, this is an attempt to thwart it.
I look at about ten newspapers every day.
Some of these journalists have daily headlines that each of them is enough to touch the heart of a disabled person.
We do not accuse anyone, but this is a fact.
The envy is the same.
It is necessary to pay attention to the weak side with the good side of the energy that is used together.
It should be what the government can do and what it is not able to do together.
Therefore, if we want to understand the realities of the country, we must keep the area of weakness and the area of power together.
Today I would like to present a brief explanation on this issue, but there is a great need for intensified work in this regard.
These good things will tell us what opportunities and areas we have in this country.
And these weaknesses show us what we should pay attention to and what we should do.
When we put these things together, it becomes a clear path for us. We should know what action we should take.
I have written five to six things which have been done in the Islamic Republic during the past 32 years, each time and every time, every time and every time, every time and every time, every time and every time, every time and every time, every time and every time, every time and every time.
The first of the good things and the strength of the system which has been proven by the system is the success of various threats over the system. This is very important.
During the past 32 years, we have faced various threats - political threats, security threats, economic threats - and the purpose of these threats is to harm this system.
Of course they wanted to destroy this government, but since it was not easy for them, they wanted to stop the foreign system and feed the country.
This government has defeated all these threats.
Some of these things were directly organized by foreigners, such as the issue of sanctions.
The country has been imposed sanctions for many years, but in recent years they have increased sanctions and persecution, saying they themselves are a destructive sanctions.
Sometimes these sanctions have been imposed on us through the United Nations, and others are directly direct.
These are the things that are related to foreigners, and they are directly involved in them.
In spite of the fact that the enemies used these threats as an example, the ethnic system of the country has managed to defeat all these things. Today different ethnic groups of the country are living together, and they feel that they are committed to this system.
I believe this is one of the aspects of power.
We should pay attention to this point when calculating the capacities of the system.
Without the support of the international nation and the materialistic enemy which has faced various threats over the past 32 years, the Islamic system has defeated all these threats. This is a very important point.
This is the first aspect of the power of the Islamic system.
Second, it is mutual trust between the people and the government.