Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution issued a statement calling on the Iranian nation in this meeting of mercy and blessings.
The following is the full text of the announcement.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
During these days, the region of South Africa, especially Somalia, has suffered the worst threat of terrorism and terrorism in the region. This has threatened millions of Muslims in Somalia, especially women and children, to face serious threats.
He urged the Islamic Ummah of Iran to help the Islamic Ummah of Somalia in this meeting of mercy and blessings. He urged the Islamic Ummah of Iran to provide financial and financial assistance to other organizations in order to provide them with the people of Somalia.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "Mosallaci should be the center of vigilance in towns and places of congregation and reiterated: "If the people are in good condition, the majority of the material and religious responsibilities of the people and officials will be reduced."
The following is the full text of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In his nature, humanity is the guardian of all good things. It is the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the kind of prayer, the
Through their prayers, divine religions have safeguarded the pledge of humanity and safeguarded it from the pledge of this pledge and from the pledge of this natural pledge.
A day-to-day prayer is an opportunity and blessing that saves a man from suffering from this evil situation. It does not allow his heart to prevail in knowledge before God. It does not allow his heart to prevail in the light of his body.
When prayer, prayer and worship are in line with the system of social life, Islamic hajj can be manifested in its worship orders.
Masallac is the manifestation of this unity.
Both in the mosques and in the faithful, it is like being in the shrine of divine blessings. It increases the number of divine blessings and increases the number of reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable reasonable
By Allah's favor, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household made the situation clearer and clearer.
It is in this regard that we should look at the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
The rule of law increases the quality of life and strength of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolu
Wherever a system of life is found, malaria is the main foundation of this system.
The schools should be a source of information in towns and towns, universities and universities, public transportation centers, business centers and labor centers, high-ranking transportation centers and promotions centers, shops and hospitals.
It is necessary to always be vigilant, good and reasonable.
The leadership of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the role of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household should be conscious, conscientious and compassionate.
If the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is in the right direction, the majority of material and religious responsibilities that belong to a nation and the people and officials will be defeated.
I hope that this day will bring our prayers to the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) and our prayers to the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met this morning with his colleagues and colleagues.
Speaking at the meeting, Ayatollah Khamenei referred to negotiations between the two officials and added: "There are many areas that can be used to strengthen relations between the two countries in different areas. Therefore, this relationship should be strengthened, especially those who are involved in the economic development of the country."
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the continued terrorism of Lebanon and the Zionist regime and added: "If the Zionist regime can do so, it will be possible to move Beirut to Tarabulus to destroy Syria."
The only source of awareness for the Zionist regime is resistance.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to Lebanon as the only Arab country that has managed to defeat the Zionist regime and added: "The enemy has managed to defeat the enemy.
Therefore, it is necessary to identify the importance of this issue.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "As long as the Zionist regime continues, Lebanon needs resistance."
Ayatollah Khamenei reiterated: "It is necessary to strengthen this relationship with the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic of Iran is supporting the establishment of unity and freedom in the country.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the recent meeting with the Prime Minister of Lebanon, Mr. Rafik Hariri.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "We see the Islamic Republic of Iran as a friend and brother to Lebanon who has been with Lebanon in difficult times and helping women."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "The Lebanese government is hoping the relationship between the two countries will be strengthened in all areas including the economy, politics and culture."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution added that the Lebanese government is a national unity government and added that any discord between the Lebanese people will benefit from the Zionist regime.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Taskhiri, Chairman of the Assembly of Islamic Unity on the meaning of the hajj by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
As a result of negotiations and negotiations between officials of the two countries, Iran and Saudi Arabia, the Iranian pilgrims were sent to Saudi Arabia after a long strike.
Ayatollah Taskhiri is one of the prominent supporters of Iran in the negotiations with Saudi Arabia.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution addressed the important issues of the Islamic Ummah every year during the hajj.
What is the philosophy that belongs to you?
In order to answer this question, first of all, it is necessary to clarify certain issues.
First of all, the hajj - which is one of the activities of Islamic worship - has certain great goals.
The most important goal of the hajj may be, and as we have observed in the Holy Quran, it is the ‘alliance of the Islamic Ummah and the activities of the prophets in history’. As is stated in the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran is the result of human behavior and the enlightenment of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) by the Holy Quran. It is the result of the enlightenment of the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy Quran by the Holy
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran describes each of these occasions as: “When we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when we go, when
He said, "I am the one who makes you lead the people."
He said, "Take up your praise." He said, "Take up your praise." He said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your praise" and he said, "Take up your
The second goal in this direction is, of course, the creation of human beings, the transformation of human beings into the essence of the Islamic system and the main path towards God. This kind of construction of human beings was achieved during the hajj. Therefore, the great goals of the hajj were highlighted, and one of them was the issue of "forgiveness from Muslims."
These are all signs of dignity and unity towards the Islamic Ummah.
The following is the full text of the message issued by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
But the philosophy that belongs to this philosophy - which should I ask you - and the reason why the Islamic Republic and its leaders should pay attention to this issue is that they are more important than they should do, that they are more important than they should do, that they are more important than they should do, that they are more important than they can do, that they are more important than they can do, that they are more important than they can do, that they are more important than they can do, that they are more important than they can do, that they are more important than they can do, that they are more important than they can do, that they are more important than they can do, that they are more important than they can do, that they are more important than they can do.
The manifestation of the hajj means the manifestation of a nation's movement.
He reiterated: "Hajj is the essence of Islam." What does Islam mean?
This means that the Armed Forces are present during the war and that the war continues.
Therefore, the establishment of the hajj and the return to the hajj spirit are one of the great goals of the Islamic Republic for the establishment of an Islamic Awakening.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to this important point as a goal.
Of course, we are not aware of the greatness of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message. Unfortunately, we are not aware of the greatness of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message and we are not aware of the greatness of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message and we are not aware of the greatness of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message and we are not aware of the greatness of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message.
They did not carry out their responsibilities, but they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities, and they did not carry out their responsibilities.
All media outlets, all cultural outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media outlets, all media out
It is necessary to make more efforts in this regard.
No, this is not the case. The government of Saudi Arabia is only issuing a message.
When are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha and when are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha and when are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha and when are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha and when are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha and when are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha and when are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha and when are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha and when are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha and when are Muslims sending this message to the people on Eid al-Adha?
But after the crisis - that is why the Iranians did not attend the hajj for years - a meeting was held after negotiations and I was one of the key negotiations.
Both sides agreed that a meeting would not be held in Makka since then, but that meeting would be held in Arafah - namely, the month of Zul Hajj - and that meeting would be held in Arafah and that meeting would be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in Arafah and that meeting will be held in A
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the meeting was different after all negotiations and discussions.
I assure the Islamic Ummah that the hajj is being sent to the Islamic Ummah.
Did this message affect you so far?
First of all, they are attending to a large number of clergymen from different countries.
Secondly, this message is translated to different places during the hajj, in Mina and elsewhere, and it is translated to all hajj pilgrims as the message of the Islamic Revolution.
On the one hand, the arrogant organizations of the world, the Arab and Muslim governments organizations are trying to prevent the effect of this message.
In one of the British newspapers, all Zionists in the world gathered to see these newspapers and they caused problems.
What year did this happen?
The Zionists are trying to prevent the spread of this mess.
It was not just that the Saudi government helped spread the message, but it prevented it from spreading the message in some cases. Sometimes the people were dispersed.
Of course this kind of weakness has been reduced in the recent years. But I am constantly trying to see the end of this kind of weakness.
Sometimes we try to shout in newspapers without payments, but we fail to shout in newspapers.
Many newspapers do not agree with the law.
I am an Arab and even an Muslim.
It is not true, but as I said, we are opposed to it.
What is the situation of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household?
Alhazari is the representative of the entire Islamic Ummah.
The foundation of the Islamic Ummah is in fact the foundation of the representation of a nation. That is to say, the foundation of the entire Islamic Ummah is the foundation of the desire for divine reconciliation.
The clergymen should pay attention.
He listened to his words.
The laws that are banned from haramism are educative and vigilant.
I would like to read the following text of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message on this issue.
If you take a look at the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, you will see that the first point that is mentioned in this message is the role of the hajj in establishing the Islamic Ummah.
This is what the Leader wants to do during the hajj.
For example, the power of the hajj can be reduced to the weaknesses of the Islamic Ummah.
The next point in the arena of hajj is that he adds that hajj is the foundation of Islam.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the hajj as "a manifestation of the popular movement of the country" and added that the hajj is "a manifestation of the political dynamism of Islam."
If we take a look at the principles of the hajj, one of them is the medicine of the Kingdom of God.
That is to say, all nations should comply with the sharia and divine guidelines.
The first point that is mentioned in this message is, in fact, the beginning of the hajj in the history of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is the role of the hajj in safeguarding the morality of the people.
This is true of all signs.
Of course the issue of sincerity will be mentioned from the beginning to the end and it will benefit from the opportunities of the holy places associated with the hajj.
The third point of this message is ‘the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that Islam has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and the greatness that has and
The same is true of the methods of Islam to solve the problems of humanity.
The next point is to emphasize the issue of unity among Muslims and, in particular, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Awakening is the most important indicator of the way to this unity.
In this meeting, there are efforts to promote and promote Islamic Awakening.
He referred to this unity as an example of the same path, the same path and the same priorities.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to Ka'bah as the symbol of monotheism and the symbol of unity.
These signs highlight the greatness of the Islamic Ummah's power, which includes material, spiritual, national and cultural power. They remind the people of the greatness of the power that the enemies are, unfortunately, trying to destroy.
And one of the issues that contain these signs is the result of the plots made by the arrogant powers of the world.
In all these signs, the satanic actions of the arrogant powers against the Islamic Ummah are highlighted.
The activities that are being carried out and the important issues that are taking place in the world of Islam - including the issues that have been discredited and the efforts they are making to create tribal fitnas, promote corruption, persecution and the evil propaganda they are making against the Islamic Ummah.
The Leader explains all of the threats that occurred after the 11th of Saturday.
As a result of the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Awakening, the plots of the arrogant powers have been resolved in the world of Islam.
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution described the arrogant powers of the world as the enemies of the destroyed people, human rights defenders and supporters of terrorism and promoting hypocrisy and colonialism in Islamic countries. Of course, one of the important issues is to highlight the role of the arrogant regional governments in promoting colonialism and removing hajj activities from their main objectives.
The last point is the recognition of the Islamic Republic as the successful teacher in the fight against the arrogant powers of the world. It is the teacher of promoting Islam throughout the life and calling for Islamic unity, the teacher of unity between the leaders and the people, the teacher of religious democracy, the teacher of love and support for disappointment.
What is the effect of these things in other countries?
Is there any difference between intellectuals and politicians of Islamic countries or Arabs?
Every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries, every time we visit the nations of five countries,
That is to say, no matter how much time we have to use this message, it has an important effect wherever it is possible to use this message.
Now the issue of diplomacy is the next issue in the world. Today the leaders of countries are talking to the people.
Can this hajj be interpreted as one of the main elements of this progressive diplomacy in the Islamic Republic and the path for the Revolution?
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message to hajj pilgrims is one of the best ways to express condolences for the Revolution.
This is one of the ways to strengthen the hajj and protest against the efforts made to curb the nature of the hajj and the influence of the Islamic life. This is one of the ways to strengthen the hajj.
The fact is that many of the hajj pilgrims are coming from new places and face many difficulties, but they fail to identify the signs of the hajj.
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message reads: "The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) hajj will continue with the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the
I hope the hajj pilgrims will make efforts in order to the brightness of the hajj, and they will try to preserve the brightness of the hajj in order to promote the education of the Islamic Ummah.
Leader’s Speech to Shia Teachers - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 12, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Shia and Muslim scholars in Kermanshah province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Allah the Exalted says: "In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
Those who are afraid of God are afraid of God, and they are not afraid of all who are faced with God. And Allah has bestowed His blessings on him" [The Holy Quran, 33: 39].
One of the most pleasant and pleasant meetings is the meeting of the honorable teachers who are serving in different parts of the country and the youth who have joined themselves in the arena of religious education and religious education.
Thankfully, the dear brothers and sisters, the students and teachers of the Sunni and Shia provinces attended this meeting today and I have a great opportunity to benefit from this meeting.
There are certain issues that I would like to mention, but before I ask them, I deem it necessary to pay tribute to the honorable clergymen of the world whose life in this province was fulfilled by Ayatollah Burujerdi and whose efforts were fulfilled by martyrdom.
I had the opportunity to meet him at his home in Kermanshah several times.
This is the case with certain events that were held in the province of Islamabad. This is the case with certain events that were held in the province of Islamabad. This is the case with certain events that were held in the province of Islamabad. This is the case with other events that were held in the province of Islamabad. This is the case with other events that were held in the province of Islamabad. This is the case with other events that were held in the province of Islamabad. This is the case with other events that were held in the province of Islamabad. This is the case with other events that were held in the province of Islamabad.
The meeting was held under the Navy and we were at the meeting with the Iraqi Army.
He is a great man. His characteristics are all different from his characteristics. His characteristics are different from his characteristics. His characteristics are different from his characteristics. His characteristics are different from his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics, his characteristics
And Allah the Exalted blessed him. At the end of a lifetime, God blessed him with the sacrifice of martyrdom.
I have repeatedly said that martyrdom is a much-needed, a much-needed, a much-needed, a much-needed, a much-needed, a much-needed, a much-neededed, a much-needed, a much-needed, a much-needed, a much-needed, a much-needed, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need, a much-need,
Of course, there will be a time when life will end "every happiness is dead" [The Holy Quran, 3:18].
We are happy to have this achievement.
Allah the Exalted has bestowed blessings on the believers and on their souls. [The Holy Quran, 9: 111] He is Allah the Exalted, and He is Allah the Exalted. This is a great achievement.
In this province, the dear brother of the Islamic Revolution, Mr. Mohammadi Araki, is one of the people who got martyrdom.
Ayatollah Khamenei was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Allah the Exalted has bestowed mercy on these two martyrs.
He is a faithful, sincere, sincere, sincere and sincere personality. He is also one of the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. He is one of the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. He is one of the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the dear teachers of the Islamic Revolution's
Allah the Exalted has bestowed mercy on him.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before becoming president, I visited Kermanshah in one of his visits.
After the passing of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
I would like to tell the one who wrote to me the story: "Who has appointed himself as the leader of a nation, he should read before he read his words." I would like to put him in front of the arena so that we should not forget the issue of reading.
He wrote to me in a good book and I put it in a position that I would put it in the future.
This is the issue of our labor.
Dear youth! Dear brothers and sisters, if we want us to be like a flood that is filled with flooding and if you want us to be like a flood that cannot be destroyed by the people, the way to do this is: "Let us learn."
The Holy Quran reads: "There is fear of God from His servants only in nature." [The Holy Quran, 35: 28] Fear of God is one of the characteristics of teachers.
Of course teachers have certain characteristics, but fear of God was selected.
The characteristic of knowledge is that one gets this great blessing, that is, making fear of God in the heart of one.
Therefore, it is necessary to this characteristic. You dear youth, you can do this much faster than I can. When you come to our age, if somebody does something at age, it will be beneficial to it. If not, it will be difficult.
This is a safeguarding life. Some will benefit from it and some will not benefit from it.
You should know that the difference between twenty-three years to seventy-seven years is the difference that we have. The difference that we have between twenty-three years and seventy-seven years is the difference that we have. The difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and the difference that we have between twenty-three years and
When one is twenty-two years old, he thinks there is time before he is seventy.
I would like to say success. I would like to say success. If a person is prepared to do something in a short period of time and he is prepared to make a good achievement in a short period of time, he should be prepared for this achievement.
I would like to call on the dear students to come closer to God and fear God and make efforts to get closer to God, which is more important than calling for knowledge, and which is the main foundation of their work.
If knowledge is achieved without fear of God, it can be useful and harmful at some point.
I have a teacher - who has a religious and non-religious knowledge - who has not only benefited from the knowledge, but has also been a blame for him.
This humble and divine spirit is necessary for teachers and scholars.
Kermanshah is an important city.
Kermanshah had prominent scholars, such as the families of Al Agha, the families of Jalili and other institutions that included prominent scholars.
Another point that is sensitive to Kermanshah is that as the people of Kermanshah are very loving, respected, and compassionate to the people who have come, they have this characteristic in some instances more than that.
Ayatollah Khamenei was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Although he was not meant to be a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
He was one of the teachers among many of his children.
This is one example.
Another example is the late Army Leader, Sayyid Hussein Haeri, who went to Mashahad at the end of his life.
I can remember certain things about it so far.
He was born in Kermanshah, Iraq, and was born in Kermanshah. He was born in Kermanshah, Iraq, and was born in Kermanshah. He was born in Kermanshah, Iraq, and was born in Kermanshah.
He was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan, and he was speaking in Isfahan
He was one of the prominent and prominent people of the world.
He was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. He was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps
Another teacher is Mr. Sardar Kabuli, who is well-known in different areas.
The book that has been written about it is very valuable and valuable. I have read it many years ago.
It was about 70 years since Kermanshah. Many teachers benefited from it.
I read in this book that Mr. Hajj and Mr. Hussein Kummi (God's greetings be upon him) came to Kermanshah in a meeting with Mr. Sardar Kabuli during his visit to holy places.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book reads that I am a martyr for two years - I think it's worth it. For many years I read the book - that is, the hajj of the Age of Hussein Kummi, who was a marja and a clergymen who was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Age and was present in front of the Imam of the Holy Prophet's (
This is the lesson.
This is not a disaster for a great teacher but a source of pride.
You dear youth should pursue this path. You dear youth should pursue this path.
This is the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the greatest man in India, and he went to Najaf, and he went to Kermanshah.
Mr. Sardar Kabuli spent 30 years in Kermanshah.
Ayatollah Khamenei was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
This is a characteristic that shows that the hearts of the people belong to religious scholars and that they belong to religious scholars.
When they find a person and they realize his characteristics, they see him so much that he is not among them.
His wife is Isfahan, but she feels like Kermanshah. She is Kermanshah.
These are the things that I have said.
I would like to mention some issues.
Dear teachers, dear students, dear youth and youth.
There are two reasons: the first is that the possibility of spreading the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message to the world - both in Muslim and non-Muslim countries - is clearly explained.
Therefore, responsibility will increase.
Today you are in such conditions.
They are not afraid of Him and they are not afraid of God.
Do not be afraid of any obstacles on the road.
You are not saying there is no problem. There is no problem. But do not worry about these problems.
You should do what you think will not be possible.
Is this not the case in Iran?
There is a thing in Iran that if all intellectuals in the world do not have time to do with it, they will not have any chance to do with it.
Everyone who is clear will say that this is not possible, but it is possible.
I would like to tell you that even some of our resistants say that they will not do so.
Ayatollah Talikani told me that the Imam (r.a.) said that the Shah should not go.
We do not believe that Shah will be defeated.
He said the same to me later.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that Shah was rejected. No one believed in this, but he was rejected.
The Shah was defeated not only by the Americans, but also by the west and the colonialism and arrogance were destroyed.
No one believed in this, but it happened.
Nobody knows that the great revolution of this time will happen in Egypt.
It is possible to think of this event elsewhere, but nobody can think of Egypt. But the Revolution took place in Egypt.
These are some of the things that we should put in our hearts.
We should follow the path to achieving what is not expected to be possible so that we can prove that it is possible.
You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should be vigilant. You should
They should not forget that Allah has count. They should not forget that Allah has count.
And Allah the Exalted will be Exalted.
This is our path.
As teachers, we should praise ourselves and we should praise ourselves as "God's Prophet's (s.w.a.) households." And God's (s.w.a.) households should praise ourselves as "God's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) households."
Allah the Exalted says: "Because of this, we have imposed enemy on every prophet.
And as God wants, they do not do so, so do not forget what they are saying" [The Holy Quran, 6:112].
Therefore, if we are prepared to pray for divine blessings with you, we will be prepared to fight the evil satan with the people.
They will fight against us, so we are prepared.
From a spiritual point of view, we should create a strong wall for ourselves - which is the wall of faith and monotheism - so that we cannot be defeated and defeated.
Obvious defeat is the result of personal defeat.
One's physical failure is the result of external failure.
If you do not defeat your hearts, nobody will defeat you.
Therefore, people should rely on God" [The Holy Quran, 3:122] "And those who rely on God should rely on them" [The Holy Quran, 14:12] "And those who rely on God will rely on God." [The Holy Quran, 65:3) "Who will not rely on God?"
[The Holy Quran, 39: 36] All these lessons belong to us.
We should read the Holy Quran with every thought. We should consider it as a lesson.
The satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satan
I have written about this. I have written about this. I have written about this. I have written about this. I have written about this.
In some Islamic countries, hundreds of thousands of people were killed because Sunni organized a war against Shia.
In this regard, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used the name of a Shia Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used the name of a Shia Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used the name of a Shia Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used the name of a Shia Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used the name of a Shia Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) as a Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) as a Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) as a Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) as a Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) as a Muslim and the Holy Prophet (s.w
These are the methods.
Therefore, creating discord is a great blessing for them.
I would like to tell you that your province is where Shia and Sunni people live together.
Shia and Sunni scholars should organize relations, identify each other and speak with each other.
We have cooperated with them.
You can think, but you should keep working together.
If they want to conduct research, they should do so and if not, they should do so.
I believe in ethnic discussions. If they want to discuss scientific discussions between teachers and scholars, they should do so. There is no problem with these discussions.
In spite of all these things, there are certain things that have been shared with each other. There are certain things that have been shared with each other, and there are certain things that have been shared with each other.
Shia scholars have a lot of regret among their men. The Sunni scholars have a lot of regret among their people. They should use their power to solve these problems.
Today there are certain people whose weapons are the weapons of the Kafir. They do not know how they call themselves the Kafir.
This disregard should be ignored in the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, all these things have been ignored by the unprecedented action that we have made against them.
Another responsibility is the education.
I heard that the students of Kermanshah were encouraged in Qom - whose brothers and sisters were undoubtedly familiar with them. They came to exile and, if they did not come, they came to exile at a particular time. They came to exile at two, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three, three,
Therefore, the issue of knowledge is very important.
Of course the issue of teaching the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message is very important in the arena of knowledge.
There was a student who went to my classroom and I did not see him at the classroom after a while.
I asked him what I did. He said, "I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city of Khorasan and I was a woman in the city
This is the understanding that is spoken about.
Today you should look at our youth.
In your Kermanshah car, you have a lot of students.
Sometimes this does not happen.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, those who graduated in Kermanshah were probably less than three years old.
Now those who are present have realized that it is possible to change governments.
These youth are opposed to different propaganda and statements. They have questions.
You should identify the questions that they have. You should prepare the questions for them.
You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you. You should choose those who will speak to you.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said that the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) to present the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) in order to solve the problems of the youth. The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said that the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) in order to present the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) in order to solve the problems of the youth.
You were in Qom.
You should do these things.
think of education as you think of learning more than that.
clean the hearts of those you speak to and educate them.
As I said, "Who has appointed himself as the leader of a nation, he should learn his own lessons before he will learn his own lessons."
This difficult task should be carried out.
Teachers have a social responsibility today. Teachers should engage in social issues. But the most important thing is that they should engage in the activities of teachers.
The characteristic of teachers is that they should show them that they should enter the arena through their teachers' behavior, behavior, guidance, and guidance. They should show them that they should enter the arena through their teachers' behavior.
That is all.
A person who has denied all his relationships will be denied if he can maintain his relationship with the prayers.
That is to say, it is very important.
You should encourage those who are speaking to you. You should encourage those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to you and those who are speaking to
I do not know whether the meeting was held in Kermanshah or not. I do not know whether the meeting was held in Kermanshah or not. I do not know whether the meeting was held in Kermanshah or not. I do not know whether the meeting was held in Kermanshah or not. I do not know whether the meeting was held in Kermanshah or not. I do not know whether the meeting was held in Kermanshah or not.
Shia and Sunni worshippers should not kill their brothers.
You should go with each other and benefit from each other.
There are certain things that have been done together and we can work together.
By Allah's favor, if this happens, the children will continue.
I would like to inform you that when the Revolution achieved the victory of Islam, there was a new spirit and power in the world.
Is this a powerful fire that has managed to cause such great events in the west?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the great Imam (r.a.) invaded the west and invaded the monarchy.
They came back to the Holy Quran and received information about Islam.
The enemies tried to destroy Islam at that time. The second motivation was when the Marxist regime was defeated.
In Islamic countries, there are so many pure and sincere youth who have made their hopes for the Marxist system. They think that if a government is formed, there will be a removal of injustice and injustice from their countries.
I see some of them, including Muslims and non-Muslims. They are honest, but they do not believe in Islam.
They are revolutionary because they think there is hope for the people.
But when the camp is defeated, they realize that this is not the case and they do not benefit from it.
Therefore, they followed the path of Islam.
The youth groups that you see in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other parts of the world are all Islamic. The Islamic groups that you see in the 1960s and 1970s - that is to say, 30 years ago - were all Islamic groups.
This is the case even in our country. I do not want them to be ignored.
There are people who are talking about Islam, but these things are in fact promoted by the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
After the Revolution was defeated, all those organizations that disappointed with the Revolution came back to Islam. They looked at Islam, they looked at the Holy Quran, they looked at the laws of Islam, they looked at the Islamic Republic.
There is a system that has been established according to the teachings of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam, a system that has been established according to the principles of Islam.
Those who demand all the necessities of Marxism and governance, but did not, have defeated one another, but now they see what is happening in Islam.
Do you see what is happening?
They want to humiliate this issue, but it cannot be humiliated.
In the American capital, in the American economy, in New York, in the Wall Street, which is the foundation of global arguments, thousands of people gathered and said that they do not want arguments. They are not people, and they are not all hopeless. University students insisted on them and said that we do not want the system of arguments.
This is what we have said. We have said since the beginning that we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept the monarchy, we did not accept
You should be vigilant.
Islamic teachers should be vigilant.
Strong statements are being ignored. Strong Islamic teachings are being followed by the Holy Quran, the Sunni and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) words.
If you do this, you will see how much Islamic love will increase.
I have many things to say to you. As I said, this time of prayer is very pleasant, but it is necessary to be careful for some time.
Dear God, put religious scholars in your beliefs.
Dear God, make these dear youth and religious scholars - both in Kermanshah and Kermanshah - active teachers.
Dear God, bestow mercy and guidance on all of us.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) trust us.
Leader’s Speech to President - Khamenei.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution appointed Dr. Abdul-ali Asgari as the new chairman of the Iranian Radio and Television Committee (IRIB).
The following is the full text of the message issued by Ayatollah Khamenei.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dear God, Dr. Abdul-ali Ali Asghari
I would like to express my gratitude to Mr. Mohammad Sarafraz for the great and unforgettable efforts of the Revolution. I would like to express my gratitude to you as the President of the Radio and Television Council. I would like to express my gratitude to you as the President of the Revolution and I would like to express my gratitude to you as the President of the Revolution and I would like to express my gratitude to you as the President of the Revolution and I would like to express my gratitude to you as the President of the Revolution and I would like to express my gratitude to you as the President of the Revolution and I would like to express my gratitude to you as the President of the Revolution and I would like to express my gratitude to you as the President of the Revolution and I would like to express my gratitude to you as the President of the Revolution and I would like
When I presented this message to Mr. Sarafraz, I made this known to Mr. Sarafraz.
Therefore, I emphasize the importance of organizing, preserving, preserving, preserving and educating the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. I emphasize the importance of organizing, preserving and preserving the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Corps, preserving the Revolution's Guards Cor
I ask Allah the Exalted to bestow success on this issue.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Urdebehesht 22, 1395
May 11, 2016
Leader's Speech on Imam Khomeini's 24th Anniversary - Khamenei.ir
Leader’s Speech to Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
I am grateful to Allah the Exalted for giving us an opportunity and an opportunity to appreciate our magnanimous Imam on such a day.
Although Imam Khomeini (r.a.) has always been in the hearts of our people, the 14th of Khordad is a manifestation of the Iranian nation's love for the great Imam (r.a.).
Today is the day of the martyrdom of his greatest martyr, Imam Musa bn Ja'far (may God bestow His blessings on him).
This year marks fifty years since the 15th of Khordad, the year 1342 (the beginning of the Islamic Revolution).
The 15th of Khordad is an important day and a manifestation of the future.
I will say this in particular before I see the main point. I have to say this in particular.
The 15th of Khordad is not the result of the great movement of teachers and the people.
Before the 15th of Khordad, there were certain important events that took place in the year 1341 and the beginning of the year 1342.
For instance, the events of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) magnanimous Imam (r.a.) were the events of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and the events of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and the events of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and the events of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and the events of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) magnanimous Imam (s.w.a.)
Earlier, at the end of the year 1341 there was a massive turmoil in the markets of Tehran and Ayatollah Hajj Sayyid Ahmad Khunsari was honoured.
These are all indications that the teachers' movement in the year 1341 and the beginning of the year 1342 achieved such a great role as the oppressive police and police officers used much power against teachers and students.
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important day.
That is to say, what happened on the 15th of Khordad, 1342 is a manifestation of the relationship between the people and teachers in a very dangerous time.
On the 13th of the year - the 13th of the month of Khordad - Imam Khomeini delivered a very important answer.
On the 15th of Khordad, in Tehran, in Qom and other cities, security officials entered the city of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom (r.a.) and the city of Qom
It is clear that such relations are the basis for the progress of this movement and the progress of it.
Wherever a movement is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people, it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompani
But if the people do not participate in a movement of disagreement, they will not succeed.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps was like the Revolution's Guards Corps in Iran. The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is like the Revolution's Guards Corps in Iran. The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is like the Revolution's Guards Corps in Iran. The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is like the Revolution's Guards Corps in Iran. The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is like the Revolution's Guards Corps in Iran. The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is like the Revolution's Guards Corps in Iran. The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is like the Revolution's Guards Corps in Iran. The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is like the Revolution's Guards Corps in
When people enter the arena and support a movement and all the thought and power of the people are accompanied by it, this movement will be successful.
This is what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
In the city of Tehran and in other cities, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was killed as a result of the massacre. He forced the government to put all its power on the people. He killed a large number of people.
Thro Tehran, the blood of the faithful people and the brave youth were filled with the blood of God's servant.
On the 15th of the month of Khordad, the heart of the dictatorship and the immaculate satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic s
Another point that lies in the 15th of Khordad - which our dear youth and people should pay attention to - is that during the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps in Tehran and other parts of the country, none of the international organizations called human rights organizations and none disagreed with it.
People and teachers were among the most important players in the arena.
And the advocates of the country - who are pursuing their support in the aftermath of the anti-government resistance - have accepted this movement. They say that this movement is a movement that has been aimed at achieving goals and that it is a movement that has been disappointed.
When enthusiastic and enthusiastic people fail to expose themselves in the resistance, they will turn the faithful people who are resistant and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enthusiastic and who are enth
They said that this movement is a great movement. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) continued his movement thanks to the support of a new nation. He presented to the world and history the position of a religious leader who is determined to his goal.
There are three things that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed in: determination, courage, and resistance. These are the things that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed in God, faith in the power of the people, and faith in self-sacrifice. These three things revealed himself in the power of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is speaking from his heart and the people have accepted his call with all the things that they have obtained.
They entered the arena and stood firm.
This movement, which has no backdrop in the world, is achieved to be successful.
The following is the full text of the three beliefs of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
These are some important things that if we realize that they are important, they will make us clear.
In terms of faith in God, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was the symbol of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and reiterated: "People have spoken to them: 'So people are afraid of you and they are afraid of you.
This promised to increase their faith and they said, "God is the Exalted, the Exalted, the Exalted" [The Holy Quran, 3:173].
He has acted for the sake of God, he has spoken and he has acted firmly, saying, "You are helping God and he will help you." [The Holy Quran, 47: 7] This is a divine promise.
On the basis of the people's faith, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) realized that the Iranian nation had all the meanings of the term.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed that this nation is a faithful, brave and courageous nation.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed in this. If the Iranian nation was insulted by prominent people such as Shah Sultan Hussein, then the courageous people such as Nadeer Kali (a.s.) showed themselves in the people with all their courage and courage to lead the nation, and our nation could show the movement from Delhi to the Black Sea.
He knew the Iranian nation and believed in them.
He revealed that the Iranian nation has become a teacher of resistance and insight.
In Imam Khomeini, the people were the enemies of the nation and the greatest oppressor.
This is the reason why Imam Khomeini (r.a.) did not show his resistance in the face of the powerful rulers because they were opposed to the interests of the people. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) viewed the oppressors as the pioneers.
In terms of self-confidence, Imam Khomeini taught the Iranian nation that we can.
In Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution stated that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
One elderly teacher was in Qom and he did not have any weapons, money, or international assistance.
It is believing in God and believing in self-sacrifice that can prove to a person in this regard.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) threatened the Bakhtiyar government when he returned from exile and said: "I will disappear against the Bakhtiyar government and I will disappear against the government. This is self-confidence."
Imam Khomeini believed in himself with his power.
He brought this belief to the people by Allah the Exalted.
And some believe in this. One of the most influential weapons the enemy has used to preserve its power over other nations is to make them feel that they will not be able to do anything.
This is what the Iranian nation has seen in political, scientific, economic and other areas of life for decades.
He sent to the Iranian nation, 'You can'.
He gave us courage and resistance in the right direction. He gave us faith and self-confidence.
We have made progress in all areas. I will mention that the Iranian nation has managed to success in all areas during the past 30 years.
The faith that was accompanied by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence - were the foundation of his work and policies.
At the beginning of this resistance, the same faith gave the Imam power.
The same is true of the time the exile was baned. The same is true of the time the exile was baned. The same is true of the time the exile was baned, the same is true of the time the exile was baned, the same is true of the time the exile was baned, the same is true of the time the exile was baned, the same is true of the time the exile was baned, the same is true of the time the exile was baned, the same is true of the time the exile was baned, the same is true of the time the exile was baned, the same is true of the time the exile was baned, the same is true of the time the exile was baned, and the same is true of the time the exile was baned.
These are the three things that gave the Imam the power to enter Tehran in the same situation.
During the year 1357 in Bahman, during the domestic fitna, during the declaration of the Islamic Republic, during the declaration of the oppression of global governments, during the declaration of the term 'No to the West', during the Sacred Defense Era and in all the events that took place during the last 10 years of Imam Khomeini's life, all these three faiths showed themselves in the name of Imam Khomeini.
These are the principles of Imam Khomeini's leadership.
Until the end of his life, nobody has seen any signs of frustration or doubts in the words and actions of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
Many of the revolutionary powers in the world face doubts about their actions every year.
Sometimes they should stop fighting even the words they said in the past.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) at the end of his lifetime, and the following is the full text of the speech delivered by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) in the year 1342 with enthusiasm and enthusiasm.
He was good, but his heart belongs to the youth and his spirit belongs to him.
This is the stand that is said in the Holy Quran: "When they stand firm on the road, we have filled a lot of water" [The Holy Quran, 72: 16].
In another sentence he says, "Those who say, 'Our God is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is God, He is
The Iranian nation has changed its power, but Allah the Exalted has changed its position to them: "God has not forgiven the people, but they have forgiven the people" [The Holy Quran, 13: 11].
The Iranian nation has established its path, its enthusiasm, and Allah the Exalted has helped and supported them.
What is the result?
There are many things our youth should know about the reliance of the Pahlavi taghuti regime - that was during the Sacred Defense Era - on the backward side of England and the United States.
This reliance has become a threat.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, one of the prominent diplomatic officials of the United States stated: "We sent the Shah what he needs and what he does not need."
They are saying that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships and that you should have strong relationships.
You should start producing oil, you should start producing oil, you should start producing oil, you should start producing oil, you should start producing oil, you should start producing oil, you should start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will start producing oil, you will
This country, which relies on some, is transformed into a free and powerful country.
Some corrupt, faithful, corrupt, and global leaders ruled the country, but they were replaced with a nation.
He replaced them with the officials and the people who chose them.
For the past thirty years, the rulers of the country and the governors of the country's economic and political issues have been the representatives of a nation.
This is a very important point.
In the face of the enemies and in the face of the people, these corrupt politicians made themselves popular representatives. The country that has progressed in the arena of knowledge has become a country that has progressed in the arena of knowledge.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, we did not have any scientific achievements in the country.
Is this a milestone?
The world's educational centers are predicting that by the next decade - until 2017 - Iran will rank a leading scientific figure in the world.
Is this a milestone?
We have been a country and if we want to build a road, a bridge, a water plant or a factory, we have to share our hands with some, so foreign engineers can build a factory for us and build a factory for us.
But today the youth of this nation are building thousands of companies, water bodies, infrastructures, and infrastructures in the country without any lack of reliance on foreign bodies.
Should we pay attention to all these things?
In terms of health and health, because there is little progress or employment, our patients should go to European hospitals. If they have money, if they do not have it, they should go back.
Today the most important and most important achievements are being carried out in our country - namely, in Tehran and in many other cities.
The Iranian nation does not need foreigners in this regard.
We have relied on this important aspect.
Many of our countries were ignored at that time.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, you visited many towns and villages in the country.
Today different kinds of services are being carried out throughout the country, in different towns and villages.
Today nobody can say that there is no light in the world.
At that time before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, there were about 30 million people in the country.
Today the number of students has increased to twenty, but the number of university students has increased to twenty.
The number of university students means the number of teachers and universities.
There is one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university, one university,
At that time, there was a government that did not have a number of media outlets.
Today there are universities in different cities.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation thanks to the Revolution and the efforts of our youth and officials. This has been the case during the past 30 years.
These are important things.
Thanks to the Revolution, a very important and fundamental work was carried out in the country. Thousands of companies were created in the country.
The goods that we buy from foreign countries are very dangerous, but today the number of goods that we buy in our country is increasing.
These things should be taken into consideration.
This is because of the three beliefs that the Imam (r.a.) established in the hearts of the people of the country - faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence.
This does not mean that we are not happy.
No, there is a great task ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we compare ourselves to the time of taghut, such achievements will be seen clearly. But if we compare ourselves to what Islam wants, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that
I say this is because our honorable and courageous people know that this path will be achieved through these same faiths.
They should know that there is a path forward, but you can. You can.
You can pursue this path to this peaks where it is wanted.
I say these words because you know that the enemy's efforts to raise love in our hearts are based on enmity.
The path lies ahead of us.
We have an influence on the path.
What is the effect of our path?
The path of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is clear. Fortunately the words of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and his letters are available to us in two verses.
I have never seen any use in calling the name of Imam (r.a.) but we have forgotten his teachings. This is a mistake.
The foundation of the path is with Imam (r.a.) and he has introduced it to us.
In terms of foreign policies, the teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are: resistance in the fight against colonialism, establishment of brotherhood with Muslim nations, establishment of relations with all the countries of the world, fighting oppressive and oppressive countries against the Iranian nation, fighting against Zionism, fighting for the protection of Palestine, supporting the oppressed and oppressed people of the world, and resisting against oppressors.
Imam Khomeini's wife is with us.
In the arena of culture, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) taught us: "To avoid the destroying culture of western corruption, to avoid intellectual discord and to avoid relying on religion, to backward morality and Islamic values, to fight corruption and prosperity in society."
In terms of economic matters, the teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are: reliance on the economy of the country, reliance on domestic matters, economic justice in production and separation, support for manpower, fighting capitalism and respecting monotheism. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) ignored oppression and value monotheism, but he respected monotheism and labor.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) teached us that we should maintain independence in the world's economy and that we should maintain independence in the world's economy.
The Iranian nation will be able to overcome these challenges by relying on these consequences with firm faith and commemorating the Imam of the Age (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can make progress.
By paying attention to its capabilities, capacities, and talent, the Iranian nation will continue its path in the past thirty years. By Allah's favor, it will continue its path in the Islamic Ummah. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will continue its path in the past thirty years. And by Allah's favor, it will continue its path in the Islamic Ummah.
But the issue of elections is the issue of elections.
Dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian nation!
Election is the manifestation of all the three faiths that are with the Imam (r.a.) and they should be with us. That is to say, it is the manifestation of faith in God.
What is our duty is our sanctions against the future of our country.
The Iranian nation always has this responsibility.
Election is the manifestation of the will of the people. It is the manifestation of the people's belief. It is the manifestation of the people's belief. It is the manifestation of the people's belief. It is the manifestation of the people's belief, and it is the manifestation of the people's belief, and it is the manifestation of the people's belief, and it is the manifestation of the people's belief, and it is the manifestation of the people's belief, and it is the manifestation of the people's belief, and it is the manifestation of the people's belief, and it is the manifestation of the people's belief, and it is the manifestation of the people's belief, and it is the manifestation of the people's belief.
Today's elections are a manifestation of self-confidence, and everybody who takes part in the elections will feel that they are committed to promoting the future of the country.
This is a very important point.
Elections are, therefore, the manifestation of belief to God, the manifestation of belief to the people and the manifestation of self-confidence.
You should refuse any claims against one of these taxpayers. You should refuse any claims against the Islamic Republic. You should refuse any claims against one of these taxpayers.
No one should vote for each candidate. No one should vote for the Islamic Republic. No one should vote for the Islamic Republic. No one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic, no one should vote for the Islamic Republic
I believe in the Islamic Republic and the way elections are being conducted. I believe in the Islamic Republic and I believe in the way elections are conducted. I believe in the way elections are conducted. I believe in the way elections are conducted, I believe in the way elections are conducted, I believe in the way elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are conducted, I believe in the way that elections are condu
And the second point is the issue of not paying tax to anybody of you, to this brother or to that brother or to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and to that brother and
Our enemies from outside the country and the camp of corruption think they will make the elections a threat to the Islamic Republic. Elections are a great opportunity for the Islamic Republic.
Their cause is whether the elections are conducted without any means, whether the people have committed a mistake against the Islamic Republic or they have created a fitna during the elections, as was the case with the year 2009.
This is what the enemies of this nation expect.
Those who think that the majority of the people of the country are opposed to the Islamic Republic have forgotten that every 34 years in Bahman, millions of people go to different cities to show their support for the Islamic Republic and say, "God bless America."
In order to reach the end of the elections, they have established a number of scholars who will speak through these phrases.
Sometimes they say that elections are either scheduled or not. Sometimes they say that elections are not free. Sometimes they say that elections are illegal in the eyes of the people.
No, they do not know our people, they do not know our elections, they do not know the Islamic Republic.
Is this true of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps and the Islam
In the arrogant powers, if you are not one of the two or three arrogant powers and if you do not support arrogant powers in the arrogant powers and if you do not support arrogant powers in the arrogant powers and if you do not support arrogant powers in the arrogant powers, you can only vote.
Some people who do not have the support of the Zionists and who do not have the support of the bloody arguments of the world's nations will not be able to enter the polls.
They do not have any media outlets with them and they do not have any media outlets with them.
Therefore, it is a kind of money that they are going to pay for a minute.
In our country, they will send their condolences to the people in a lot of hours without being killed or killed by the mercenaries.
What is the case with these people throughout the world?
What is important in the arena of elections is only the law.
Some can participate in the elections. Some cannot participate in the elections.
That is to say, the law identifies the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the characteristics of the
All of this is done on the basis of the law.
As I said, it is unfortunate that some people who are afraid of God keep their attention closer to these things.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will change its standings and it will change its standings. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will change its standings and it will change its standings.
I have said a few examples to the taxpayers. The honorable taxpayers attacked certain government organizations during the elections. This is their right.
They can do everything that is wrong with their people. But it is appropriate that they should be determined, determined, determined, and promised a good future.
They should pay attention to this point. I do not have a taxpayer. The spokesman of foreigners will say, "I have reduced the taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's taxpayer's
I urge the brothers and sisters who are interested in promoting the morality of our nation to make their statements fair.
They did, but they did not mean anything wrong. They did not deny what was done in this government or in previous governments.
Lack does not mean denying the good achievements that have been made in the past.
Everybody who is fighting for power in the country does not need to take action from the beginning. There are thousands of great achievements that have been made.
In different governments, a lot of construction projects have been carried out throughout the past decade.
These things should not be ignored.
We should not deny all these actions in order to solve economic problems. We should not deny all these actions. We should not deny all these actions.
But if we have a solution to these problems, we should not deny all the things that have been done today.
It is also necessary to make irresponsible promises.
I would like to call on all those who have stated that they will not be angry if their statements are rejected in the right time of the year.
You should promise that if you are introduced to them in the future, you will not be complaining about this issue.
Dear God, do what you can.
In our country and in the face of the regime, the president has a great position.
The power the president has in the hands of our regime is a great power.
He is the President of the country. He is the President of the country. He is the President of the country. He is the President of the country. He is the President of the country. He is the President of the country. He is the President of the country. He is the President of the country. He is the President of the country. He is the President of the country.
The presidents of the country are facing different issues.
The only thing that has it is the family of the law.
It is only for the family, and this is not for the family.
It is a disciplinary law, not a disciplinary law.
The people who are talking to the people today should tell them what they can and what the people need.
If they have a right to the people, they assure them that they will try their best to carry out this right and make use of all their legal means to fulfill this great duty.
Some people have the wrong idea that we are insulting the enemies so that they can defeat us.
They are dealing with the interests of these people more than the interests of the country. This is a mistake.
The plight of the enemies comes from your presence, from the presence of the Islamic Republic, from the heart and minds of the people and from the events that are being carried out.
This is the reason for their failure.
If our nation is firm, strong, responds to its needs and resolves its problems and is able to strengthen its economy in terms of economic matters, the enemies will not be able to do anything ahead of the Iranian nation.
In any case, what is important is resistance, determination, faith in God, confidence in the people's power and self-confidence - both in the interests of the people and in the interests of the people.
Dear brothers and sisters, this is a great trial. I hope, by Allah's favor, the people will benefit from this great trial.
There is no power or power from Allah the Exalted.
Leader’s Message to Youth in Europe and North America - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Congratulations to all youth from Europe and North America
The recent events that took place in France and other such events in some Western countries made me feel that you should keep talking about them.
I speak to you, dear youth, not because I raised your families, but because you were the great ones who took care of the future of your nation and your country.
And I do not speak to the politicians and officials of your government because I believe that they have clearly removed their policies from the path of truth.
This is what you are saying about Islam, especially about what you are talking about as Muslims.
During the past 20 years - that is to say, since the beginning of the Sacred Defense Era - a great effort has been made to present this great religion as a great fear.
Unfortunately, this phenomenon of fear and oppression is one of the most horrific events in the history of western politics.
I do not want to mention the various kinds of violence and fear that has been imposed in the hearts of western nations so far.
If you take a look at history, you will see that in recent history, western governments have reacted to the injustice and injustice of the world's nations and cultures.
The history of Europe and the United States has plagued its anger over the destruction of the people, domination and oppression of those who are hopeless and those who are not Christians.
Your historical scholars and scholars are aware of the spread of blood in the name of religion between the Catholic and Protestant class, or in the name of ethnic and ethnic people in the second and third arenas of the world.
What I want to say is that you ask your knowers why should the events of western nations continue to happen after a century or so.
Why are the events of the people not dependent on what happened in the past and what is happening today?
Why should we stop people from understanding important issues such as the behavior, the culture and the Islamic thought?
You should know that humiliating and provoking fear for other divine people is a common ground for the cause of all these oppression and evil use of the people.
Now I want to ask you, why has there been a new policy of fear and hatred against Islam and Muslims?
Why has the world's ruling system established an Islamic thought today?
What are the things that exist in the minds and teachings of Islam that will bring about progress in the policies of the arrogant powers of the world and why will they bring about progress in the arena of Islamic Awakening?
Therefore, the first requirement is to question and investigate the reasons behind this great effort in the name of Islam.
The second point is that when you take a look at the great propaganda called Islam, try to identify this religion with the principles of truth.
I do not say that you believe in an Islamic understanding or understanding, but I do not say that you should stop the fact that you are afraid of today's world in order to a evil goal.
They should not let you and the terrorists who are under authority be referred to as the representatives of Islam.
You should know Islam from its main foundation.
You should know Islam through the Holy Quran and the life of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I would ask you if you have not read the Holy Quran so far.
Have you read the lessons of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and his people about morality and morality?
Do you have realized that Islam is a source of information and not a source of information?
Have you ever wondered how the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) was established and how the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) achieved the greatest cultural, scientific and intellectual achievement in the world and how the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) achieved the greatest achievement of intellectuals and intellectuals in the world?
I urge you not to use blasphemous policies to remove you from the truth and avoid being equal among you.
Now that the arrogant powers have spread threats against the people of different countries, do not let you be blamed on the people of different countries.
Even though nobody can replace the origin, each of you will be able to create a reasonable and fair thought on the origin.
Although the clashes that have been raised between you and the youth of Islam are very serious, they can raise questions in your hearts who want to know the truth.
If you try to answer these questions, you will have an opportunity to identify certain truths.
Therefore, do not allow you to take this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Dr. Ahmedinejad - Khamenei.ir The Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei.
The following is the full text of the message issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dear God, Dr. Mahmud Ahmadinejad
You should pay attention to the valuable efforts that you have made during the past decades as the President of the Islamic Republic of Iran and your experience in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Abul Kasim al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate household, especially the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving me another opportunity to meet you dear people, the dear youth, the dear people of Mashhad, the dear brothers and sisters who attended the holy venue of Abul Hassan Ali and Musa al-Ridha (a.s.).
I would like to extend my condolences to the birthday anniversary of Norouz and the beginning of New Year. I hope that this year will be a happy, blessed and happy year for the Iranian nation.
I would like to discuss some issues during this meeting with you dear brothers and sisters.
The first step is to look at what has happened to us, to our people, to our country and to what has happened to us in the world and the region.
The reason why we should mention the events of the year 1390 - the achievements of the Iranian nation in this year - is because of the plots of the enemies and evil enemies against the Iranian nation.
The leaders of the arrogant powers and their oppressors and mercenaries of our region have made use of all their power, including financial, propaganda and political, to divert the Iranian nation into love.
Regardless of the propaganda of the Iranian nation by the oppressors, they can clearly see the efforts, economic and political efforts, the military threats and other things that they have made in order to bring the Iranian nation out of the arena of progress and progress.
They really wanted to bring us out the idea that we can, which was taught by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Islamic Revolution.
They made every effort to this goal. The last year was the year in which they made more efforts to this goal.
I want everybody to realize that the Iranian nation has made it clear that it is unlikely that the Iranian nation has made it clear that the Iranian nation has made it clear that the Iranian nation has made it clear that it is unlikely that the Iranian nation has made it clear that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that it is unlikely that
The reason why we should refer to the areas of power and achievements is to prove that the Iranian nation has made use of its power and that the Iranian nation has made use of its power, contrary to what the arrogant powers are trying to prove that the Iranian nation is not able to do so.
We do not have wealthy areas. We have wealthy areas. But in the future, we have a lot of capacities, and we have a lot of achievements.
We did not refer to the year 1390 as the year of the Economic Revolution.
The work that the government has done in the arena of the economy and the unity that the people have made throughout the past year are important.
One of the things that can be mentioned in this regard is the policy of manpower and compensation.
All economic experts - both in previous governments and in this government - agreed that these policies are very effective in the country. Everybody believes this.
Though this is a common issue, it has remained unprecedented because of the problems and difficulties that exist. The government and the assembly made efforts in the past year in terms of imposing sanctions, which are more difficult than the problems that exist, and a very important part of preparation has been carried out.
The work is not safeguarding, but what government officials - both in government and in assemblies - have done and the masses support them, they have managed to a very important and honorable achievement.
All of us have felt this, but we need to think carefully about it. This is a great task. This is an important task.
One of the goals of this preparation is to separate the benefits of the government.
In my response, I explained that this kind of separation was unfair in society in the past. This kind of separation was, of course, the same.
I have a positive report from different parts of the country that shows that it has an impact on improving the lives of the people among the people.
This is one of the goals of this preparation and it is the most important goal of implementing this law.
The other goal is to establish the production system and the economic system of the country.
It is possible to improve the quality of the economy - both of whom have agreed on this issue. It is possible to improve the quality of production. It is possible to improve the quality of production and exploitation.
The other goal is to use the existing resources properly.
Of course, we belong to a country with oil, and we used oil, gas, and oil without any attention.
The way we use these blessings is more than the way many countries in the world use these blessings. It is more likely and more likely than all countries in the world use these blessings.
It shows us that if this movement has not been implemented so far, the use of this movement in the country will be reduced to two times. It shows us that this movement has not been implemented so far, but the use of this movement in the country will be reduced to two times.
What should we do when we do not produce domestic products?
That is to say, the Iranian nation should make efforts in the hands of the enemies and the evil enemies.
As a result of this work, we have managed to make a lot of progress. We have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress, and we have managed to make a lot of progress.
This was what we did in the year 1390 and when our enemies imposed sanctions on our nation.
But the youth of our nation made efforts so that they managed to overcome the plots of the enemies.
A very important task that was carried out in the past year was the result of the efforts of the masses in the arena of knowledge and technology.
Knowledge is one of the principles of establishing and establishing the economy.
When a nation acquires knowledge and advances in the past, it acquires morality and political power, it acquires awareness and it becomes powerful.
That is to say, the importance of scientific progress and the importance of technology made me pay attention to this issue.
I would like to tell you that the progress that has been made in the country is less than the progress that has been made so far.
The most rapid scientific progress that is being made in the world is what is happening in Iran.
In the year 1390 compared to the year 2011 which was introduced by international scientific organizations, the Iranian nation managed to make significant scientific progress compared to the year 2010 and it managed to make 20 per cent progress. What does this mean?
This was when the enemies of the Iranian nation insulted the Iranian nation of imposing severe sanctions on the Iranian nation, but the Iranian nation managed to do so.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the Islamic Republic of Iran is the first in the arena of scientific progress and that the Islamic Republic of Iran is the first in the arena of scientific progress and that the Islamic Republic of Iran is the first in the arena of scientific progress and that the Islamic Republic of Iran is the first in the arena of scientific progress and that the Islamic Republic of Iran is the first in the arena of scientific progress and that the Islamic Republic of Iran is the first in the arena of scientific progress and that the Islamic Republic of Iran is the first in the world.
In the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the arena of art and art. In the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the arena of art and art. In the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the arena of art and art. In the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the arena of art and art. In the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the arena of art and art. In the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the arena of art and art. In the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the arena of art and art.
In the year 1389, the U.S. and other countries established an unprecedented rate of 20 percent of uranium.
We should produce energy for our research centers in Tehran. We should produce energy for our research centers in Tehran. We should produce energy for our research centers in Tehran.
They established measures to avoid uranium and they said that we should import our uranium to overseas, but we did not agree with it.
The officials of Brazil and Turkey came to discuss the President and put hands on a meeting.
When the agreement was handcuffed, the Americans denied it. They did not want to handcuff the agreement. They wanted to find out what they were doing.
Because of the lack of promises made by the Americans, the Brazilian and Turkish governments were angry.
They announced this to the world in the past year that they produced eighty-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two
Though they knew that the Islamic Republic of Tehran was a source of information - that is to say, in response to the needs of healthcare, research, and thousands of healthcare workers, they were in need of the Islamic Republic of Tehran.
It was created by our youth.
It is a very difficult and difficult task, but it has been done and there are different kinds of solutions that are being produced in the city of Tehran and in the country.
This was the case in the year 1390 and this was the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in the case in the year 1390 and this is the case in
In particular, when it comes to the issue of domestic production of uranium, they say that you have produced and produced uranium to the country. They say that you have produced and produced uranium to the country. They say that you have produced and produced uranium to the world. They say that you have produced and produced uranium to the country. They say that you have produced and produced uranium to the world.
The same was true of the year 1390 and the same was true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 1390 and the same is true of the year 13
In the year 1390 all these things were produced in the year 1390 and they were produced in the year 1390 as well as the number of foreign products that were exported and the number of services that were made to the nation.
This is part of the achievements of the Year of the Economic Revolution.
These are scientific advances, scientific advances and are indicative of scientific capabilities, but all of them have a significant impact on the country's economy.
At the end of the year 1390 - that is to say, at the end of the year 1390 - I attended a scientific research center.
There are many advances that have been made in different areas of knowledge. There are many advances that have been made in different areas of knowledge. Therefore, one can say that such advances have not been made in this area. There are certain advances that have not been made in the backwardness of our nation.
First of all, the spirit of jihad lies in the hearts of those who do this.
They are committed to the spirit of jihad. Just like those who are committed to jihad, they are committed to jihad for the sake of God.
There is a difference between those who work for the sake of money, the people who work for the sake of dignity, the people who work for the sake of martyrdom, the people who work for the sake of knowledge and the people who work for the sake of God.
This is a very valuable and important point.
The second advantage is that our intellectuals have turned these sanctions into opportunities for our people.
During this meeting, some people told me that we are grateful to God who imposed sanctions on us.
The spirit that I feel that sanctions by the enemies are an opportunity is valuable and important.
The third advantage that I have in that regard is the greatness of my belief.
Some intellectual and intellectual sectors of some three-to-three countries have the same capacity. They do not allow anybody to obtain such capacity.
For many years, our country has been in need of teaching women in this arena and these difficult and complicated activities have killed many people.
But when I saw that they made efforts, they said that we can.
This belief is very valuable among the youth and intellectuals of a nation.
A different characteristic is the belief of the youth.
Labor is in the hands of the youth.
The youth are the foundation of innovation.
The relationship between teachers and universities is another characteristic.
I have always warned the officials of different branches related to the previous governments that they should try to strengthen the relationship between the officials and the officials.
Fortunately, I saw such relations at that point.
Of course this is a combination of all of us - including our teachers and universities - and it will make us make progress both in the field of knowledge and in the field of teachers.
This is the case with the economic sector in the year 1390; this is the case with the enemy's uproar from the beginning to the end. Sometimes they are threatening, sometimes they are making political pressures, and sometimes they impose sanctions.
Today the mercenaries of the U.S. regime throughout the world are trying to enforce these sanctions in order to destroy the Iranian nation and create discord between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
There were other great achievements in the year 1390 - including diplomacy in the areas of the region.
The meeting of Islamic Awakening, the meeting of Palestine, the meeting of the Armed Forces, the international and non-terrorist meetings, the meeting of the youth and Islamic Awakening are all of the activities that have been carried out in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has become an organization where the eyes of the world of Islam are awakened.
In the arena of economic service, thousands of homes were built for the people.
This is one of the greatest and most important things. The buildings of houses were built in the city and the buildings of buildings were built in the city and the buildings of buildings in the city and the buildings of buildings in the city and the buildings of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the building of buildings in the city and in the
These are the things that have been created in these years of progress and justice.
In spite of the plots made by the enemies and oppressors, this nation has made progress.
Of course it is necessary to note that the elections have not been held yet. I hope that the people will benefit from them when the second round of elections will be held.
This election is very important.
I would like to tell you that during the past few months, the enemies have been trying to kill the people in order to avoid entering the country.
Sometimes they say that it is going to be done. Sometimes they say that the enemy's oppression towards the Iranian nation would be reduced if the people failed.
During a certain period, our intellectuals - who have committed three kinds of terrorism in the country for several months - were targeted by killing our people and killing them.
Over the past few decades, the number of people in the country was less than 40 percent during the presidential elections.
You should pay attention to the Iranian nation. You should pay attention to the achievements of the people. This is when the importance of the issue becomes clear.
The 12th of Esfand is the day of separation between the people and the Islamic Republic. But unlike their expectations, this day is the day of glory for the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
This election has become a source of truthful and powerful news.
They were talking about Iran, they were talking about Iran, they were talking about the truth and they were denying the truth, but the election could not be denied.
This is what happened in the eyes of the people.
This election is like a source of powerful information that has been able to reveal the truth of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to other nations in the world.
This is what happened in the year 1390: the year when the enemies made their best to destroy the Iranian nation.
These are some of the achievements that the Iranian nation made in the year 1390:
Since the issue of nuclear power was announced, the enemy has failed to do so.
Of course they know and say that Iran does not want to buy nuclear weapons.
This is the truth. We did not want nuclear weapons because of our reasons. We did not want nuclear weapons because of our reasons. We did not want nuclear weapons because of our reasons. We did not want nuclear weapons because of our reasons, we did not want nuclear weapons because of our reasons, we did not want nuclear weapons because of our reasons, we did not want nuclear weapons because of our reasons, we did not want nuclear weapons because of our reasons, we did not want nuclear weapons because of our reasons, weapons because of our reasons, weapons because of our reasons, weapons because of our reasons, weapons because of our reasons, weapons because of our reasons, weapons because of our reasons, weapons because of our reasons, weapons because of our reasons, weapons because of our reasons, weapons because
What is the essence?
The main point is the resistance of the Islamic Republic in defending the natural resources of the country.
The future - like the future of economic power, political resistance, scientific and military power - has been destroyed by weapons and oil.
There will be a lot of urgent need for the people who go to the world for a long time. This is what everybody admits.
The arrogant powers of the world know that their souls are filled with oil and gas.
When they lose this opportunity in an easy spring, they will be forced to go down to something. They will ignore what they are doing in order to meet their needs. The style of this day will be difficult for them. On the one hand, western countries are facing problems in the arena of blessings, and they are facing more problems every day.
Therefore, it is necessary to take advantage of the benefits of certain European and Western countries. It is necessary to take advantage of the benefits of certain European and Western countries. It is necessary to take advantage of the benefits of certain European and Western countries.
The United States, which has so far occupied over thirty billion shillings of goods and goods, is based on our experts - which is based on the number of goods and goods that the Americans have achieved - that is to say, the year 2021 will be safeguarded for the next three years.
At that time they would rely on the outpouring of oil from the Persian Gulf and the outpouring of more than fifty percent of the world's outpouring of oil from the region.
At that time they will rely on the outpouring of the three plants of our region and on the outpouring of the Navy. One of these outpouring is Iran, and I will explain to them.
The Islamic Republic of Iran is the largest country in the world - not just in the Persian Gulf.
We have a lot of oil in some countries, and we have a lot of oil in some countries.
We are the second in the world in terms of gas, the first in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms of gas, the second in terms
This is a reasonable point for the country that has benefited from it and the arrogant powers, whose life has been destroyed by energy, oil, and gas.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has been safeguarded for up to 70 years, but according to the findings of today, the Islamic Republic of Iran has been safeguarded for up to 70 years. This is very sensitive.
Why do the arrogant powers want such a country?
They want this country to be under a government and a system that will be like a barrier in the hands of some regional countries. These countries have a lot of fruits, and many more, but they are like a job in the hands of the Americans. They tell them how many people you need, but they say that they do not have any problems. They say that they do not have any problems.
If there is a government in Iran, which is a source of oil and gas, and if there is a government in the country that is firm in protecting the wealth of oil and gas, it will be defeated by a government that is firm in protecting the wealth of oil and gas, it will be defeated by a government that is firm in protecting the wealth of gas and gas, and it will be defeated by a government that is firm in protecting the wealth of gas and gas, and it will be defeated by a government that is firm in protecting the wealth of gas and gas, and it will be defeated by the enemy's policies.
Those who think that if we go back to the issue of nuclear weapons, America will end its enmity, they have ignored this fact.
Their issue is not nuclear.
There are countries in our region that have nuclear weapons.
Therefore, it is not about nuclear weapons or human rights.
The problem is that the Islamic Republic has stood in front of them just like a war.
If the Islamic Republic, like some other countries in the region, was prepared to sacrifice the people, they would not have it.
This is the result of their opposition to the Iranian nation.
Of course the Americans are making a mistake.
It is a big mistake to think that by expressing enmity and threats, they can push the Islamic Republic backwards or remove the Islamic Republic from the scene.
The western powers did not allow their nations to realize what challenges they could face in the arena of Islamic Awakening.
Their nations do not want to understand what is wrong with their products and products. They do not want to share these things with their nations.
They thought that the Iranian nation would its progress by showing its enmity and progress. I did not do so.
I would like to announce to you, dear brothers and sisters, dear people of Iran, that America, with all its capabilities and with all the uproar caused by the war and war, is in a state of emergency today.
I do not want to raise false arguments or special coverage. What I say is clearly like the chapter 2 of the Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quran
You should look at the fact that the current American president has failed to rule as a result of his reaction.
What does change mean?
We are in a very difficult situation and I want to change this situation.
This is how the people entered the arena and refused to vote for the sake of this vote. If not, the American nation would not be prepared to vote for any oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive oppressive
That is to say, the effect of this change on the people of America is a manifestation of the situation. That is to say, when America stands up, it is a good situation and it promises that it will change them, just as the people of America proved.
Therefore, it is accepted that the situation is very positive.
I do not want to say this. The Americans have shown themselves that the situation is better than ever before.
So why did this man turn to power and make a change?
Was it possible to change this evil situation?
This is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case. It is not the case.
This is a serious problem for a country.
This is the case with the policies that are present in the country. This is the case with which they are not able to do anything in Iraq. In Afghanistan, they are able to do what they are doing every day.
In Islamic countries, in Egypt, in South Africa, and in Tunisia, America's reputation is in their eyes.
The following is the full text of the Wall Street movement in the United States.
Is this a good situation?
Therefore, America is in a difficult position.
America may have threatened some countries. It may have threatened them.
I would like to tell you that we do not have any nuclear weapons and we will not have any nuclear weapons. But in order to protect us from any kind of enemy against us - whether America or the Zionist regime - we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the enemy and we will be warned by the
The Holy Quran promised us: "If those who have failed to do so with you, they will not have a reign and they will not have a reign" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, S
By Allah's favor, you will not see the path of God. [The Holy Quran, 48: 22-23]
No one in the Holy Quran has said that if you enter a war and enter a war, you will be successful. You may be successful and you may be defeated - like in the era of Islamic Awakening, in the era of Islamic Awakening, in the era of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening, in the area of Islamic Awakening,
But Allah the Exalted promised that if the enemies invade you, they will definitely be defeated.
We should not think of the issue of Islamic Awakening. No, this is a divine message that says, "By Allah's favor, you will not get to know the path of God" [the Holy Quran, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, Sura al-Adha, S
The Iranian nation is determined with all its will, and it does not intend to fight against any other person. But it has a bond with its dignity, dignity, Islam, the Islamic Republic and all its power.
That is to say, when you are developing domestic products, you are supporting Iran. You are supporting the people of Iran. You are supporting the people of Iran. You are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of Iran, you are supporting the people of
The misconduct of foreign products is a harm to the world and it is a harm to our progress and future. Unfortunately, the misconduct of foreign products is a harm to the world and it is a harm to our progress and future.
Our country has a responsibility. We should support and strengthen our domestic production.
Today officials have a tool in their hands and they can use it to strengthen domestic production.
The same is true of the fact that a nation - both the capitalist and the manpower of labor - should cooperate in order to work.
It is necessary to develop domestic products.
It is not a source of pride that we sell foreign products in our homes, in our shops, in our shops, in our needs, in our domestic products and in our domestic products. It is wrong that we sell foreign products in our homes, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops, in our shops
I heard that some of the products that are produced in certain parts of the country are on the way to bring them to the market.
It is possible that if the Iranian pilgrims were banned, they would not like it, but if they had the name of the French company in their company, they should pay attention to the fact that they have been banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are banned, the fact that they are
domestic products are very important.
In terms of production, the majority of the jobs are in the hands of the people. This is part of the use of national goods in the past two years. I have invited the Iranian nation to do so, and this is part of the jihad for strengthening the economy that I have spoken about in the past year. domestic production is important. We should make it our goal.
Dear brothers and sisters throughout the country, today we need unity and cooperation.
There are many factors that cause discord.
Sometimes there is a different view of the two people in one case, but this should not cause discord.
Sometimes one has a different position and one has a different position and this should not cause discord.
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran teaches us, "If you do not oppose one another, and if we oppose one another on different issues - political, economic and corrupt issues - our enemies will be oppressed."
The power that our enemies have made in the past is the result of discord among us.
The Commander-in-Chief of the Faithful (a.s.) teaches us: "Who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth, who is wrong with the truth
There was another opposition who sought justice. He sought the Islamic Republic. He sought the Islamic Revolution. He sought love for religion and Allah the Exalted.
He is different from those who are opposed to the Islamic Republic and are opposed to the Islamic Republic.
Thank you to each other. Unfortunately, these newspapers and newspapers have been able to spread false statements about each other through the internet.
But the foundation of the issue is that we feel that we should take an example of Islamic morality and respect for the law.
However, some people should not consider this as false saying to our revolutionary youth. They should not consider it as false. They should consider it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth and they should view it as false saying to our revolutionary youth.
No, I see all the brave and faithful youth in the country as their children and I advise them. I advise the faithful youth of the Islamic Revolution. I advise everybody to make examples of Islamic behavior and respect the law.
Everyone should respect the law.
The faith of the Islamic Revolution belongs to the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of Iranian officials.
The government respects the honor of the assembly, the assembly respects the honor of the government and the president. They should work together and cooperate.
This does not mean that they should all think of the same person.
I hope that the year 1391 which has begun from today will be one of the best years for the Iranian nation. I hope that the year 1391 will be one of the best years for the Iranian nation. I hope that the year 1391 will be one of the best years for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, bestow Your guidance on our dear youth and people.
Dear God, suppress the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, make this great nation stand up towards its goals. Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age trust us. Dear God, make us benefit from his prayers.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Greetings be upon Siddikat Tahira Fatima of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I would like to extend my congratulations to all the dear brothers and sisters who participated in this great event.
I hope Allah the Exalted will guide our hearts and hearts towards His blessings.
This is a fortune for me that every year in the day of Eid al-Nourouz, in the day of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and in the day of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, we can pay attention to the issues of the country. We can pay attention to the things that have happened in the past and the things that will happen in the future. We can pay attention to the things that have happened in the year.
Dear brothers and sisters, you should know that we, the Iranian nation, are not only responsible for our affairs and we should pay attention to them. There are other people who are responsible for our affairs and they should pay attention to our people about our affairs and our actions.
There are nations that benefit from our experience. They should pay attention to the situation of the Iranian nation. They should pay attention to our achievements.
If we succeed, they feel that they have succeeded.
There are certain people in the world who are pursuing our duties, but they are different from those of the beginning.
They hope for the Iranian nation.
They used to address the issues of the country for many years. They used to address the issues of the country for many years and they used to address the issues of the country for many years.
But the Islamic Revolution closed their hands.
Therefore, they are opposed to the Revolution and they are opposed to the Revolution, the Revolution and the Islamic Republic.
Therefore, we should consider a large portion of humanity.
Therefore, when we take a look at the things that we are doing, the things that we are doing, the things that we are doing, the things that we are doing, the things that we are doing, the things that we are doing, the things that we are doing, the things that we are doing, the things that we are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing, the things that are doing,
Some of us consider the conditions of the country rather than the rains.
They do not see anything other than the shortage of domestic products in some areas and the pressure of the enemies.
I have a different view.
When I take a look at the situation of our country and our nation, I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation and I take a look at the situation of our nation.
Of course there are problems in the country. There are certain things that are unfortunate among the events that are happening in the country. Some powers and powers of the world are working hard to insult the Iranian nation on a daily basis.
The talented woman who used to visit the United States in the past, reiterated that we wanted to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic on Iran.
They say this clearly. I will explain what they did and what they did in the future.
Therefore, in the face of the enemy's enmity and enmity, there are great achievements that show the power and capabilities of the dear people of Iran.
When one takes a look at the arena, it is like the arena of sports, but it is only one champion who has failed to victory.
The Iranian nation is the winner of this great arena in front of our eyes.
Anybody who takes a good look at the scene and takes a good look at it will appreciate the Iranian nation. We feel that this is the kind of appreciation that we have received from the nations of the world, including from those countries that are opposed to the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, outstanding universities and people who are aware of the progress of the world. They appreciate the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to pay attention to the efforts that have been made throughout the country and to the consequences that will be achieved in this regard.
Who are these people?
I will explain this later.
The enemies who do not expect the progress of the Iranian nation in all arenas have two key principles: the first is that they will do their best to prevent the Iranian nation from achieving such progress.
They will do this by imposing sanctions, by threatening, by interfering with government officials and some of the things that are behind the scene, by depriving the people and intellectuals of the Iranian nation of important things. That is to say, they will prevent them from carrying out useful things. Secondly, they should reflect on the progress that the Iranian nation has made in its media. There are tens of thousands of different media outlets in the world who have interfered with this move in order to show the world that the Iranian nation has not made any progress.
In his speech, the President of the United States referred to the current economic problems of Iran. He referred to the achievements that Iran has made.
He said that if the bridge of the Iranian kingdom speaks to the country, there are some economic problems in the country.
But it does not mention the good achievements that have been made in the country and the great achievements that have been made by the Iranian nation. For thirty years, we have been faced with such challenges - which I will explain further about the achievements that have been made in the past thirty years - and they have not done anything to prevent the country from pursuing its path under the flag of Islam.
The year 1391 that passed was one of the years when our enemies ended their oppressive activities.
They said that we want to impose sanctions on the Iranian nation.
That is to say, if the Islamic Republic is firm, if it is firm, if it is firm, if it is firm, if it is firm, if it is firm, if it is firm, if it is firm, if it is firm, if it is firm, if it is firm, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear, if it is clear,
Therefore, if they can, they should not let this happen. If they cannot, they should try to this through their media and propaganda.
Today these are the two things that are being done in the hands of the people: trying to prevent these achievements through pressures, threats, sanctions, and other things, as well as promoting them, undermining their achievements and solving their problems.
We said there are enemies.
Who are these enemies?
What is the essence of these evil plots for the Iranian nation?
But answering these questions is not difficult.
Today, for thirty years, when it is referred to as an enemy, the hearts of the Iranian nation are focused on returning to the US government.
It is appropriate for American officials to realize that during the past 30 years, the Iranian nation has seen certain things that have made it known as an enemy and that they are referring to America.
This is an important point and every government that wants to live an honest life in the world should pay attention to this point and learn lessons.
They are the centers of these evil and enmity.
Of course there are other enemies, but they are not seen as the first enemies.
The Zionists are the enemies, but the Zionist governments are not the enemies of the Iranian nation.
Sometimes the Zionist regime threatened us and they threatened to take us to the army.
The insulting British government is also insulting the Iranian nation.
England is one of the greatest enemies of the Iranian nation.
When the British government does not have its own independence, it does not have one's own identity as an enemy. It is the American army.
There are certain governments that are showing enmity.
I would like to announce that the officials of the French government have shown their enmity to the Iranian nation in the recent years. This is the case with the officials of the French government.
A reasonable man, especially a well-known politician, should not consider his enemies as his enemies.
We have not had any problems with the government and France, and we have not had any problems with them throughout our history.
This is a mistake in our mind and it is a lack of thought and reasoning.
When they speak, the Americans are saying that they are "the world's arrogant powers." They have named some countries as "the world's arrogant powers," including America, their Zionist allies, the British government and other governments.
The world does not oppose Iran and the Islamic Ummah. Now that we want to look at the year 1391 before, we should know that the Americans started their new plots at the beginning of the year 1391 even though they showed humility.
Since the beginning of the year 1391, severe sanctions have been imposed on the Iranian nation.
They have shown enmity and enmity, but they hope that the Iranian nation will not realize that they are the enemies.
During the past few years in a meeting with Imam Ali bin Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) in a remark, I said that you should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness. You should be careful not to show your kindness
The U.S. government has directed a number of specialists to visit these countries and negotiate with the company leaders in order to ensure that they do not have any economic relationship with the Islamic Republic.
And they should punish them if they have established a good and fruitful relationship with the Islamic Republic.
They did this since the beginning of the year 1391, especially since the month of Mordad.
I should say - in the past and before - that the Americans are expressing their enthusiasm and they are saying that I have proven that the sanctions are effective. Of course, they will not say that the sanctions are not effective. They will not say that they are happy if they want to be happy.
Our economy is based on oil.
We should separate our economy from relying on oil and oil. Our governments should put this in order.
It has been a few years since I imposed sanctions on the government at that time that they should establish a system that can destroy our country whenever we want.
At that time, some people who called themselves "a warning" asked themselves if this was possible.
Of course, it is possible that we should move towards this path.
When the economy of a country is affected by a particular country, the enemies will make efforts in this regard.
sanctions have an impact, but they do not have an impact as much as the enemies want.
In terms of economic matters, the enemies have done their best in the arena of political activities throughout the past year and they have made the Islamic Republic better than they were saying.
They have defeated the Islamic Republic in this regard. They have defeated the Islamic Republic in this regard. They have defeated the Islamic Republic in this regard.
This was different from what they expected.
The leadership of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps has defeated two out of three nations in the world. The heads of the country and high-ranking officials of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps held the meeting in Tehran.
They respected the Iranian nation.
They made this known to us, and they made this known to the media and their people after they returned home.
That is to say, this is the contrary to what the enemies of the Iranian nation are expecting.
They were not able to influence.
In the arena of domestic politics, the aim of imposing sanctions is to raise doubts in the hearts of the Iranian nation about their path.
On the 22th of the month of Bahman, the Iranian nation opened up their country with the promises they made and expressed their love for the Islamic system and the Revolution.
In terms of security, they have done their best to destroy the era of the country and government officials have made a lot of attention to these issues in their media coverage.
In the political arena of the region, they also tried to suppress the influence of the Islamic Republic.
In the arena of regional policies, they have proven ourselves that no regional problems can be solved without the presence and acceptance of Iran.
When the Zionist regime came to Gaza, the presence behind the scene caused the Zionists to be defeated by the Palestinian resistance. They were talking about it.
They said - not what we did not say - that if not because of the presence of the Islamic Republic and its power, the Palestinian rebels will not stand up against Israel.
This is because Palestinians managed to establish the Zionist regime during the day of imposing sanctions.
I said that they did not mean that they did not have an impact. They did not mean that they did not have an impact, but at the same time they gave us the greatest achievement we expected.
That is to say, the Iranian nation had made great achievements with its capabilities and great achievements. If the Iranian nation did not do so, it would not do so.
Our youth managed to success without sanctions and we managed to success. In the arena of construction of a country, which I will explain to us further, we managed to make progress in the year 1391 compared to the previous years. We can say that the year 1391 was a brilliant year.
Many advances have been made in the arena of infrastructure, in the arena of energy, in the arena of exploration of oil, in the arena of exploration of uranium, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing energy production, in the arena of increasing
We made great progress in the arena of knowledge in the year 1391.
In the arena of knowledge and technology, there have been numerous achievements that will promote the welfare of the people who believe in a good future for the people of the country in the past year.
That is to say, this year is the year of the Iranian nation. This year our dear youth and intellectuals took the pilgrims of Nahid to the pilgrims of knowledge. This year the pilgrims took the pilgrims of knowledge to the pilgrims of knowledge. This year the pilgrims took the pilgrims of knowledge to the pilgrims of knowledge. This year the pilgrims took the pilgrims of knowledge to the pilgrims of knowledge. This year the pilgrims took the pilgrims of knowledge to the pilgrims of knowledge. This year the pilgrims took the pilgrims of knowledge to the pilgrims of knowledge. This year the pilgrims took the pilgrims of knowledge to the pilgrims of knowledge. This year the pilgrims took the pilgrims of knowledge to the pilgrims of knowledge. This year the pilgrims took the pil
When this brilliant event took place in an area of knowledge and in an area of health, well-known people in the world introduced it as a source of excitement for them.
But after the truth was revealed to everybody, they saw that they had no way but they believed in it.
In terms of health and health, very valuable achievements have been carried out which are related to the people's identity.
In the arena of high education, we were among the people of the region.
There have been great achievements and there have been certain achievements.
All these things have been done in this year that the Iranian nation has been prepared for a better life and for all human achievements.
This year, we were the first in different important scientific areas.
In the arena of academic and scientific progress, the country sustained a decline of thirty one percent compared to the previous year.
The number of students in universities increased by 20 percent in the year 1391 compared to the beginning of the Islamic Revolution.
That is to say, the number of students in our universities increased by 20 percent compared to the number of students in our universities in the previous year.
This is the great achievement of the Iranian nation.
In the field of water, in the field of energy, in the field of military, in the field of nuclear, the country has made great achievements in the field of water, in the field of energy, in the field of military, in the field of military, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of nuclear, in the field of
This is the year when the enemies of the Iranian nation made their best to bring about the Iranian nation.
There is a great lesson among the events of the year 1391 and this lesson is that any nation that is rebelled will not survive the threats and threats of the enemy's pressures.
I explained to all those who followed the issue of Iran that the most important thing for a nation is relying on its power, relying on Allah the Exalted, relying on the enemy and not relying on the enemy.
This is the way forward.
The year 1391 was a scene of trial.
Of course, we have realized how much rain we have. This is the characteristic of the attack.
When the Army returns, it is necessary to identify its capabilities and capabilities.
We have realized how much rain we have.
This rain originates from the relying on what we have done - which I said in the past is one of the rain we have - that is to say, the lack of policy, the economic system, the current and the current stages of life.
The officials of the country - the officials in charge of the current regime and the officials in charge of the next year's presidential elections - should pay attention to this point.
Another great lesson that we have learnt is that the foundations of the country are strong.
When a base is strong, the plots of the enemies will not affect much.
If the esteemed officials of the country and such powerful organizations realize their responsibilities and do their duties properly, they will be able to turn any threat into an opportunity. As we transformed the enemy's threat into an opportunity for us.
By Allah's favor, we will see the consequences of the government and the people of the country in the year 1391.
Of course, the economy is an important point and I have spoken about it in recent years, but it is not just an important point. The security of the country is important, the people's position is important, scientific progress is important, and it is the foundation of action.
That is to say, if knowledge is advanced in the country, all other things that come back will be accelerated.
Unity and national dignity are important and the lack of vigilance of a nation is important. The influence of regional issues on a nation and a country is a guarantee of national freedom and security.
We have made progress in all these areas.
In terms of security, in terms of health, in terms of national and international impact and in terms of solving the various problems that the country has faced.
Through these advances, our nation has proven that lack of America does not mean backwardness. This is an important point.
The powers of the world and the colonial powers - in the time of colonialism - today and America wants to show the world that if you want to live a better life and make progress, you should be under our control.
The Iranian nation has proven that it is false.
Our nation has proven that the lack of reliance on America and other great countries will not only go back and make progress.
There are countries that have threatened themselves with America.
I have this experience for thirty years. You should see how much the Islamic Republic has achieved and how much the role the Islamic Republic has achieved in my countries.
Anyone who examines this will realize that the lack of reliance on the powers of the world is an opportunity for a nation and not a threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation has benefited from this opportunity thanks to its power, courage and consciousness.
We did not do this in the past and we saw it successful.
For example, it is the issue of producing less than 20 percent of the nuclear resources needed by Tehran's research centers. It is the issue of producing more important nuclear resources than the needs of the country.
It requires less than 20 percent of our weapons, and when we do not produce our weapons, we need more than 20 percent of our weapons, we need more than 20 percent of our weapons, we need more than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons, we need less than 20 percent of our weapons.
They should address this national needs in order to prevent the Islamic Republic from accepting the needs of the country.
In order to meet the needs of the Islamic system, our youth and intellectuals produced more than 20 percent of the products that were produced in order to meet the needs of the Islamic system.
We cannot do so with the resistance of our enemies.
But when our government officials realized that this was necessary, they realized that the security of the Iranian nation was strengthened and we managed to do so.
As long as they think that the Islamic Republic will come ahead of them and they are not afraid of the 20 percent defeat, the Islamic Republic will announce that we have produced these industries and that you do not need them.
If our youth were aware that they did not do this, we would like to inform those who are opposed to us about the need to be vigilant or we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant and we would like to ask them about the need to be vigilant
The officials of the country realized this and when they realized this, they did what they were supposed to do.
Therefore, we have succeeded. The Iranian government should be governed in all the affairs of the country. The Iranian government, the clergymen, the scholars, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen, the clergymen,
The articles that they will write are in this regard. If scientific research is done, they are in this regard.
If it is scientific or if it is scientific, it should be in this regard.
The duty of all of us is to make efforts in order to build the country in a way that the enemy can play an unprecedented role.
This is one of the most important things that we have seen in the economy of resistance.
In the economy of resistance, one of the key elements is to keep the economy in the face of all threats.
The economy should be faced with threats. It should be able to cope with the plots of the enemies.
This is the first point that we should tell you.
The second point is that the Americans used different methods to tell us that we should talk about the issue of nuclear weapons. They used to tell us that we should talk about the issue of nuclear weapons and they used to tell us that we should talk about the issue of nuclear weapons and they used to tell us that we should talk about the issue of nuclear weapons and they used to tell us that we should talk about the issue of nuclear weapons and they used to tell us that we should talk about the issue of nuclear weapons.
Many American officials and officials are repeatedly telling us that you should follow the 5 +1 nuclear negotiations with the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran. I have no hope for this negotiation.
Why?
Because our experience shows that negotiations from the American perspective are not for us to find a reasonable way, they do not mean that negotiations are not for us.
What they mean is that we should talk to you and we should talk to you in order to believe what we say.
Therefore, we have always announced that this is not a negotiation.
I did not expect them, but I did not prevent them from speaking.
However, there are certain issues that should be addressed:
The first point is that the Americans are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message, they are telling us a message
Our promise is that we do not believe in the intention of establishing the Islamic Republic or not. You should say that you do not believe in the intention of changing the Islamic Republic.
When you were determined to create the Islamic Republic and when you said this clearly, you were not able to do anything in the future.
The second point is that the Americans are signed that we are honest with negotiations.
That is to say, we want to negotiate with you and negotiate with you in a reasonable way. That is to say, we do not want to negotiate with you.
I said to them: "We have repeatedly told you that we do not want to use weapons, but you have said that you do not believe in it."
Why do we agree with what you said?
When you are not prepared to accept an unreliable and unreliable statement, why do we agree with your statements and repeatedly prove that you are different from them?
Our understanding of the previous negotiations with the Americans is a source of humiliation for the people of the world and for the people of our country.
You should prove that this is not the case.
Can you prove it?
I would like to announce that one of their messages is that some people from the Leader of the Islamic Revolution went to negotiate with the Americans at a time.
This is a propaganda and a lie.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution has not talked with them so far.
The third point is that what we realize is that the United States does not want to end the nuclear negotiations because of our capacities and position on the scene.
The Americans do not want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations. If not, if they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of nuclear negotiations, they want to resolve the issue of
What Iran wants in terms of nuclear matters is that the world only has accepted its right to deny uranium. This is a right.
The powers and powers of the world should acknowledge that the Iranian nation has the right to register uranium for health purposes in its countries.
Is this a great hope? We have always said this and we do not want it.
They said that we are hoping that you will come to the path of nuclear weapons.
They are the countries that have lost their lives. They call themselves the world's arrogant powers.
They said that the heads of the world are in shock.
No, the countries of the world are not in a shame.
Many countries in the world support the Islamic Republic and our needs. They did this because the needs of the Iranian nation are genuine.
They acknowledge Iran's right to impeach uranium and in order to avoid impeachment, they can enforce the world's nuclear law.
When we look at the path of resolving issues, the Americans are calling for the path of resolving issues. They are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues, and they are calling for the path of resolving issues.
Their goal, as we can understand, is that they want this issue to be advanced so that they can find the way to try it.
They will not be able to overthrow the Iranian nation. They will not be able to overthrow the Iranian nation.
The last point in this regard is that if the Americans really want to put an end to this issue, I will give them a message.
This is the path: let the Americans end the enmity of the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want to end the problems that exist between us - as they say - if they want to end the problems between Iran and America - they will end their oppression.
For thirty years, different American governments have been preparing to harm the Iranian nation due to their misunderstanding of the Iranian nation.
Since the first year of the victory of the Islamic Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic Republic, they have shown enmity to us.
In the arena of security, they organized measures to destroy our security. They organized measures to destroy our country. They supported our enemies for several decades. They organized measures to destroy our economy. They used their best to destroy the Iranian nation.
Therefore, I call on the officials of the US. If they are looking for the right path, they should establish their policies, fulfill their duties and end their oppression against the Iranian nation. This is the end of this discussion.
There is another issue which, even though it is necessary to mention, is a very important issue.
Elections are a manifestation of political enthusiasm in our country.
Elections are the manifestation of political enthusiasm. They are the manifestation of the establishment of the Islamic Republic. They are the manifestation of the identity of the Islamic Republic.
Election is the symbol of national will and the symbol of Islamic democracy.
Therefore, considering the importance of elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation are constantly trying to create a fitna in the elections.
They have established measures that will prevent the people from participating in the elections, kill them and raise love for them.
In our elections - whether parliamentary or presidential elections - our enemies have always tried to ensure that elections are free. This is because of the importance of elections in our country.
I have said a few things before the elections. Of course, two months have been clear.
But I will mention a few things now.
First of all, the first point in the elections is that the presence of their people during the elections is very important.
Elections can reduce the influence of the enemy's threats. It can make the enemy more friendly and safeguard the country.
Our people should know wherever they speak about the country that their great achievements during the elections will influence the future of the country, including security, freedom, preservation of the country's economy, and all important issues of the country.
This is the first point. By Allah's grace, by the help of God and by the determination of the Iranian nation, the elections were a great election for the people.
The second point is that all congregations and organizations that believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a right for everybody and a responsibility for everybody.
The choice does not belong to a single party or a single political party.
All those who believe in the Islamic Republic and the independence of the country and care about the future of the country and the progress of our nation should participate in this election.
The return to the elections is the right thing for those who are opposed to this system.
The third point is that the people's humility is a manifestation of the results of the elections.
You should conduct a research on the critics of the elections. You should consult the people that you believe in so that you can determine who is the right one to vote for them.
I do not have a single Quran.
I, like many other people, have the same number of votes. I have the same number of votes. I have the same number of votes. I have the same number of votes. I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the same number of votes, I have the
Of course those who are listening to the voter's lists may deny the voter's lists when they refuse to vote for the voter's lists so that they should know who I refuse to vote for.
If somebody says that, it is not true.
Of course, in these days and in the newspapers, such as the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) prayers, some people are spreading and spreading their words to other people.
One person can carry thousands of signatures.
I was surprised that there are millions of such signatures in elections.
Be careful and do not influence these things.
Of course, a person or a political group can turn the behavior of other people into an issue - no problem with it - but nobody will feel anything about it.
In any case, people can help one another identify the best.
Of course the example is the compassion and compassion of the people.
The first point is that in electoral matters and in non-election matters, everybody should follow the law with respect to the law.
What happened in the year 1388 - which destroyed and destroyed the country - was the result of some people's lack of respect for the law. They did not want to respect the people.
It may be that the people should respect what I want, but it should be respected.
It is necessary to respect what the majority of people have achieved.
These methods should be adopted.
We call the people to the highest level because what happened is different from what we wanted - just as it happened in 1388 - this is one of the prayers that cannot stop the loss.
This is a lesson for the Iranian nation.
The last point is that everybody should know that what we want from the president to the president is good things that they have.
Everybody should know that the president of the country should always behave properly and not properly.
Everyone has his own strength and his own strength.
The heads of the country - whether in the present place or in the future - have a lot of power.
The current government and the current president of the country should have a strong leadership.
That is to say, in our governments, which are moving towards them, they should move towards the path of progress.
Those who are prepared to enter this arena should rely on God and rely on the power of this nation.
Dear God, bestow Your benefit on this nation.
Dear God, make the holy day of the Imam of the Age happier for all of us.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and the souls of our martyrs.
Dear God, make what we have said a result of your path.
Leader’s Speech on Economic Affairs - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to congratulate our dear brothers and sisters who are active in the various sectors of the country's economy.
On one hand, today's meeting shows the importance of the Islamic Republic in the issue of the economy in such a very important situation in the world, in this region and in the country.
On the day of Ramadan, we would like to have a day in which the officials in charge of the economy of the government, the people of different parts of the country and the people of different parts of the country should pay attention to the issues of the economy and the progress of the country. We would like to have a day in which the government should pay attention to the issues of the economy and the people of different parts of the country and the people of different parts of the country should pay attention to the issues of the economy and the people of different parts of the country and the people of different parts of the country and the people of different parts of the country and the people of different parts of the country should pay attention to the issues of the economy and the people of different parts of the country and the people of different parts of the country and the people of different parts of the country.
This is the first point.
This is a message to everyone - both the officials of the government in the sector of the economy and the managers of the economy in all parts of the country and the people who should pay such attention to the issue of the economy today.
The second point that has been achieved by the organization of this meeting is, and thankfully the same is true of many non-governmental officials.
I do not believe that we should talk about the achievements and efforts that we have made so that we should pay attention to them. But what is important today is that the people of this country should know the consequences of this achievement thanks to their determination, efforts by government officials and different kinds of blessings in the country.
I would like to tell you that I am related to the people. The people do not know how much progress has been made.
These things that you have said about different areas - which I have written in summary and which will be prepared by Allah's favor - are often not written by the people.
great achievements are being carried out in the country and this is a source of pride for the Iranian nation.
It is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made good achievements in the field of production, in the field of services, in the field of labor, in the field of technology, in the field of knowledge and in other areas.
It is appropriate for the people to hear this from various non-governmental officials. It will increase the influence of the people and make them happy.
It is good for all of us to realize that killing the people is one of the most spiritual methods of the enemies of the Iranian nation. I should pay attention to this particular issue.
What is said should not be deceiving determination, hopes, and efforts.
We should feel that we have made progress, we have made progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less progress, we have made less
The first point is that we named the year 1390 "The Year of Economic Awakening".
The policies of the arrogant powers are to harm the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in the economic arena.
The issue of nuclear power is not the reason for the imposition of such sanctions. The issue of nuclear power is not the reason for the imposition of such sanctions.
You might remember that when they imposed the first major sanctions, which were the result of the newly imposed sanctions on the country, there was no nuclear issue in the country.
Although it is not a very important sanction, it is now the name of the fourth one. It is known as the "D'Amato" sanction - which was imposed on a particular person in the House of Representatives of the United States.
The purpose of sanctions is to strengthen the economy.
But it is proud that the Iranian nation has passed these sanctions for 32 years.
Of course sanctions have been enforced in recent years, but these sanctions have not been unfortunate because of the progress in the construction of different countries. Thirty years after the enforcement of these sanctions, these sanctions may affect us as they promise that they will be enforced.
It is necessary to identify our enemies. It is necessary to identify our enemies. It is necessary to identify our enemies, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons, to identify our weapons and to identify our weapons.
Of course this requires economic jihad.
This movement is not called jihad.
Jihad calls another characteristic movement.
The movement against this evil and oppressive effort is one of the main measures of jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
Therefore, economic jihad means a progressive movement that is committed to the Iranian nation's determination to kill the threats of the enemy's oppression.
Another point is that in preparation for the progress of the country - which is an important point for the progress of the country - we have prepared for the progress of a country in important areas of life and unity at the same level.
Of course other nations will not allow us to become the first people. They are moving forward and they are making efforts.
Of course we are not using these methods and we are not using these methods.
Therefore, this issue requires jihad.
It is necessary to make efforts strong and to be thoughtful so that we can reach the first stage.
No, because the future of nations today depends on this issue.
If a country fails to prove its needs and progress in terms of economic and scientific matters, it will be oppressed with insult.
We do not want to oppose ourselves.
Our country has been fighting oppression for two years.
The rise of an arrogant organization and the plots of the enemies are the reasons behind this oppression.
Since the first time British pilgrims entered the country's political system in 1800, clergy and European pilgrims have continued their operations throughout that time.
It was the first British ambassador to enter the country - which came from India.
In this country, the enemy's plots and plots began. At that time, the enemy's plots and plots caused the enemy's disappointment and disappointment in this country.
We do not want this to happen.
The Islamic Revolution created a strong wall for them.
We want the wall to be stronger.
We should not let them stop our economy, our culture, our policies, our future and the blessings of our country at all.
Economy is one of the foundations of this domestic power.
This is why we should be at the top of the position.
No, I am not saying that Iran is the first country in the region. No, because the future of this nation belongs to it.
Therefore, it is necessary to make efforts with sincerity and influence. It is necessary to make efforts with all its capabilities in this country.
We have heard of this and we see that this is the case with the progress of our country during the Revolution.
What happened in the arena of water in the country and before the victory of the Islamic Revolution nobody would believe that this will happen.
For example, water bodies were introduced, but the same is true of different areas. The developments that are taking place in the country are unlikely that they will happen at a time, but today we see that they are taking place in front of our eyes.
I would like to say this is because of my knowledge of the various parts of the country and that no part of the country and our youth will be able to show themselves and move forward unless they are placed on the scene.
This is an important point.
The strength of our economy is very important.
I once said that if we were compared to the number of people in our country and the number of people in the world, they would have achieved this.
As the people say, the defeat is one of the most important things in the world. Therefore, what is necessary is to defeat one of the most important things in the world. But in some places, we are defeated three times, four times, and five times.
These are important areas.
This is the case with low water in the country. We are low water in the country. But we can solve this problem by introducing the appropriate scientific system, which some brothers and sisters have referred to in the past and I have referred to in the past. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with low water in the country. This is the case with high water in
Therefore, the country has a lot of national benefits in fact.
The same is true of us and of the region.
We are very important.
We have a close relationship with the two waters and we have a close relationship with the important parts of the past and the west - namely, between Asia and Europe - and we are an important part of the region.
These are all good things for us.
As mentioned above, we have lost one point in the 20 years of preparations for national progress.
That is to say, the 13th of Aban is the beginning of the New Year.
Of course, many achievements have been made in the past decade.
These are the things that are very important, but there are certain things that are not necessary.
The policies that have been announced in terms of agriculture, the progressive policies of the country, the progressive employment policies and the policies of the 44th Constitution - all of which have been announced in terms of agriculture and agriculture - are in line with one another.
If we are able to implement the plans as prepared, we will be able to benefit from the opportunities and the blessings that have been mentioned.
These policies can create unity and promote economic progress.
Of course some of the goals that have been set up in the past decade have not been fulfilled. There are different reasons that have prevented them from achieving these goals, including domestic and foreign issues.
Regardless of whether there is a decline in economic progress, unemployment reduction, financial failure, or the decline in infrastructure - which I mentioned on that day - these are all things that have not been done.
This is why we should make more efforts in order to the future.
Based on what is mentioned in this law, we should pay attention to the issue of government and the issue of government's economy.
The goal is to create a prosperous economy with the help of investors and investors in the arena of the economy.
In the past few years, there have been about 160 billion shillings in households annually.
This should be created.
It is necessary to improve the quality of the economy. It is necessary to improve the quality of the economy. It is necessary to improve the quality of the economy. It is necessary to improve the quality of the economy. It is necessary to improve the quality of the economy. It is necessary to improve the quality of the economy. It is necessary to improve the quality of the economy.
There are always good achievements in the arena of good achievements.
For many years, I have been talking about the issue of fighting the hypocrites of the economy.
When I refer to this issue, some people should come and say that many such statements about the issue of the economy will threaten the people to enter the arena of the economy.
I would like to tell them that they are different. This is what will encourage them to intervene.
Any businessman who wants to acquire legal services and wants to carry out legal activities which are approved by the judiciary will realize that the government will not impose sanctions on law breachers will make it easier for the country to do so.
Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen the business system that helps the country, its ideals, the world, its courage, and responsibilities. Therefore, fighting fraud in the economy is undoubtedly a fundamental goal.
Fortunately, all the Ministries of Economy and government officials in the sector of the economy are present in this meeting.
They heard the words of those who spoke about it. They heard the words of those who spoke about it. They heard the words of those who spoke about it. They heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it, they heard the words of those who spoke about it.
We should not let what was said be protected here.
The Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) said, "Why did the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) not speak about the good things that exist? When the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) said, "When the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) said, "When the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) said, "When the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) said, "When the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake), the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) said, "When the Imam of the Age (may his souls be sacrific
There are many things that I have said in this regard. I would mention two to three things. One of them is the issue of government and the other is the issue of government and the other is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government and it is the issue of government
First, the issue of implementing policies for the production of goods is the essence of the economy. Production of goods is the essence of the economy.
On the issue of achieving the progress of the government in the production of today's products and fuel products, it is necessary to pay attention to the extent of the support provided to the production sector. According to the law, this 30th deficit is indicated.
Of course some of the government officials that we have addressed believe that these 30 failures are not needed in the classroom.
This may be the case in some areas, but the production sector needs the support of the government.
There are aspects that have been violated by the sanctions in any way, and we should benefit from them.
Of course the sector of the economy has a responsibility in this regard.
Some government officials assured me that some manufacturers did not do anything to destroy their own weapons. They did not use it if they were not destroyed.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue.
Of course the position of the government in this regard is very important.
It is not enough to pay, but we should pay attention to the people I mentioned to them - that is to say, they are not using this opportunity for any other purpose. This is happening and we have written this in the lists.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue with all the power so that the sincere and active factory can carry out their duties.
The next point is the issue of imports. I have repeatedly discussed this issue with officials on the issue of imports.
No one is opposed to importation of goods, but it is necessary to prepare the conditions for importation of goods.
It is not a great reason that we should increase the quality of our products. It is not a great reason that we should increase the quality of our products. It is not a great reason that we should increase the quality of our products.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic production.
Of course it was said that importation of domestic products would help. If foreign products were not imported, local producers would not pay attention to good products and production. That is to say, importation of domestic products would force them to do so.
This is not a strong reason for me.
In terms of importation, especially in terms of domestic products. In my opinion, importation of domestic products requires a stronger reason than we have seen today.
We have very good products in terms of labor.
A member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps (God's Guards Corps) presented a report on the production of pineapple.
Our country is one of the most advanced countries in the world in this regard.
We should increase our production.
We should import these weapons to the world so that we can see what is happening in Iran. We should not import these weapons from such countries as Latin America and from such countries that are less than we have.
The next point is the issue of exporting products.
Of course the government has a responsibility to help the consumers.
Fortunately, as one of our brothers pointed out, our oil products have become more advanced in the future. We hope that our products will be more advanced in the future. We hope that our products will be more advanced in the future and that our products will be beneficial.
We have made the best possible achievements that we can make through the use of oil.
One of the greatest challenges confronting our economy and the entire economy of the country is reliance on the resources that can be obtained through oil.
In the past I said - although government officials did not do so at that time - we should note that if one day because of the political and economic issues of the world, we can do so at least one day because of our political and economic matters.
You should look at what will happen in the world.
Today we cannot do so, because we need such a lot of support.
Every day when the country's economy is deprived of the importance of oil, the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic are so powerful that their influence is stronger in the world.
We should do this. This is what requires backward support. We should support the issue of exporting products.
In this regard, the manufacturers and their officials are responsible. The countries that have been mentioned that most of our products are from these countries, we see how bad they are doing and how bad they are doing. The importation of unnecessary products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products, smuggling of products,
There are companies in the world that have been developing and developing products for the past 50 years.
For example, a company in Jamus and Switzerland has produced and manufactured its products for about fifty to seventy years. They have produced and manufactured their products in our country and in other countries.
Why?
The consumers should pay attention to these things.
This is what requires a culture: culture and quality of production for domestic and foreign purposes.
The issue of fighting economic disasters is very important.
If a corrupt person does not have a corrupt person in the government who will help, he will not be able to give rise to the economy.
Therefore, government officials have a responsibility to prevent the spread of economic corruption in government organizations.
For example, when you realize that there is a problem in the arrogant powers, you do not have any kindness and compassion. You know that if you speak to the arrogant powers, the harm that happens will not only affect a few thousands of arrogant powers.
The same is true of economic corruption.
If you hear or see a sign of economic corruption in a particular part of the government's system - I'm talking to government officials - you should not make a warning.
The disruption of the economy is one of the most dangerous and immediate disruptions. Therefore, it is necessary to pay attention to these things.
One of the things that is necessary is to establish a pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering pioneering
We need a good policy in terms of unity.
As one of the brothers pointed out, it is possible to make use of the money that the banks are paying for, and it is possible to make use of the money that they are paying for. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so. This is the best way to do so.
One important point is that we do not pay attention to the exposure of the opportunities for the capitalist sector in the country.
That is to say, the marketers should know that there is a lot of money for me. Everybody should know that there is a lot of money for me and not just a few people will benefit from it.
Those who have a book will use it wrongly.
Everybody should be informed.
Of course many things have been done in the previous governments, and many things have not been done in the same governments.
It is necessary to make more efforts in this regard.
There are certain things that I have written, but I will pay attention to them at the time of prayer.
I hope, by Allah's favor, this time will increase the determination of the people who love the country, the people who love the Islamic Republic and the future of this nation. I hope the people who love the country, the people who love the Islamic Republic, the people who love the country, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the people who love the people, the
In the past year, we introduced this term as “Rubban of Effort and Effort”, and it is necessary to pay attention to the issue of strengthening the economy.
We hope everybody will make more efforts.
The future of this country is a good future.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, determination and power in this country.
This country has so many opportunities as the second most powerful country in the world.
Thro our history, the extent of our culture, the power of the people and the country are all the things that point to us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, and peace and greetings be upon our Master, Prophet, Abul Kasim al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate, guidant and honorable household, especially the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I am grateful to Allah the Exalted that on the first day of this year, I was at Imam Ali bn Musa al-Ridha (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake and greetings be upon him).
I would like to express my congratulations on the occasion of Norouz Eid and the beginning of New Year to all the brothers and sisters who came to this meeting and this great meeting.
This meeting is in fact an example of the Iranian nation. This day our dear people from different parts of the country attended the meeting of Abul Hasan al-Ridha (a.s.).
There are brothers and sisters from Mashhad.
I would like to extend my congratulations to everybody.
For all of us, Iranians and Muslims from other countries who appreciate the Eid, the Iranian Eid of Norouz is an opportunity to appreciate it in terms of religion and Islamic movement.
From the Islamic perspective, we try to benefit from all the opportunities that have been made, from all conditions of life, from human perfection and from material and spiritual advances. We Iranian people can use this opportunity and this opportunity to do what Islam has committed to us, to establish the rules of Islam and its teachings.
We should announce to us the great goals of Islam.
During these days, it is an opportunity that should be used for self-sacrifice, praying for Allah the Exalted, making good statements for certain people and attending religious meetings.
During the past few years, especially during the establishment of the Islamic Revolution, our nation used the Norouz Eid to demand closeness to Allah the Exalted.
What shows this is that if you look at the beginning of the New Year properly, you will see that the majority of the people who are visiting the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of worship, the places of wors
This means that the Iranian nation is trying to benefit from this symbol and its cultural needs.
We should learn this example in all areas. We should use Norouz to enhance our knowledge, spirituality, religion, establishment of Islamic laws and good behavior.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow success on all of us and the Iranian nation.
Today, when Allah the Exalted has created this opportunity, I will discuss three issues.
The second point is that the Iranian nation and government officials did certain things in the year 1389. The second point is that the year begins today.
The third point includes the events that are happening in the region, the events that are happening in the past region, the events that are happening in North Africa and the events that are happening in the Islamic region.
From the first point, I can say that the name of the year 1389 - that is to say, 'The Year of Intensified Effort and Labor' - has been observed throughout the year and that our nation has revealed its determination and action in different areas.
Of course they will be aware of this great effort and the hard work that is being made in the future. But in the early hours of the year 1389, as well as in the events of our officials and in the events of the people with the help of their officials, there are signs of determination and determination.
This can be seen in many arenas.
Let's start with the issue of knowledge and technology.
At the beginning of the year 1389, during the day of Eid, I visited one of the most important scholars of the country. And at the end of Esfand, I visited the highest-ranking scholars of the country. I visited the highest-ranking scholars of the country. I visited the highest-ranking scholars of the country, and I visited the highest-ranking scholars of the country. I visited the highest-ranking scholars of the country, and I visited the highest-ranking scholars of the country, and I visited the highest-ranking scholars of the country, and I visited the highest-ranking scholars of the country, and I visited the highest-ranking scholars of the country, and I visited the highest-ranking
The progress that has been made in the arena of knowledge and technology in the country has not been much to the people. I can tell you with urge.
During the past few years, this great scientific movement has been carried out in different areas. Fortunately this movement has been carried out on a daily basis.
I once read a message issued by a Muslim (s.w.a.) that said, 'Science is the kingdom' and that knowledge is a source of power for a nation and a person.
Science and technology have such characteristics.
Today the country's progress in the arena of knowledge and technology is evident in most areas, especially in certain areas.
In different areas: in the arena of knowledge, in the arena of knowledge, in the arena of technology, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the arena of art, in the
As I said in Norouz's speech, different research centers in the world have shown that in this regard your country is the leading country in the world and that the progress of the country depends on the progress of the world.
There are two to three important issues in this regard of scientific and technological progress which I think should be clarified.
The first point is that the majority of the scholars who are doing their duties in this regard are youth.
It is necessary to rely on these youth. Of course, there are certain faithful scholars who are doing their duties in this regard and we should make efforts to benefit from them.
The next point is that the people who are carrying out these great achievements are people with a powerful spirit and self-confidence.
The main tool is the power of the people. This is what our country has.
Our youth are active in this regard. They believe that all these things that are the foundation of the country's progress can be done.
The next point in the issue of scientific progress is that the infrastructure of knowledge, technology, production of the necessary knowledge - which is very important - is being built on the ground.
That is to say, knowledge is produced, it is transformed, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produced, it is produc
This is the path of production of knowledge towards the nationality and fulfilling the needs of the people.
It is appropriate for our dear people to know that all economic intellectuals - both those whose economic view is better than the government's, and those whose economic view is better than the government's - believe that the goals of the government are necessary and are useful.
It is very difficult to enter this arena.
Thankfully, this project is already completed.
And in fact the unity that exists between the government and the nation in this regard is good.
The movement of the people in this arena is very good. It will have a clear effect.
The most important benefit of this project is, in the first place, the difference the government is paying for among the people in a fair way.
This is a great step towards social justice.
Another goal is to the good of the country, including water and energy.
Two years ago, we named the year "The Year of Prevention of Amfani and Intensified Economy" and "The Year of Prevention of Amfani and Intensified Economy" [The Year of Intensified Economy and Intensified Economy and Intensified Economy [The Year of Intensified Economy and Intensified Economy [The Year of Intensified Economy and Intensified Economy] [The Year of Intensified Economy and Intensified Economy [The Year of Intensified Economy and Intensified Economy] [The Year of Intensified Economy and Intensified Economy [The Year of Intensified Economy and Intensified Economy] [The Year of Intensified Economy and Intensified Economy [The Year of Intensified
This is one of the ways in which we can determine the true use of national goods. The consequences have been observed so far.
The Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements. The Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements. The Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian nation has made a lot of achievements, the Iranian
The more weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less weaknesses, the less
This is one of the advantages that have been achieved. By Allah's favor, these advantages will be achieved in the future. The same is true of the economic situation.
And this is one of the things that shows that there is a lot of effort in the arena of the economy and that there is a lot of effort in the arena of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the arena of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the arena of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of effort in the field of the economy and there is a lot of
Unfortunately, our country relied on oil for several years.
This is the path that has been established in our country. This is the path that has been established in the field of production, production and management of the country. This is the path that is wrong.
For many years, I have said that one of my dreams is that we can manage this country without producing oil if necessary.
Of course it is not easy to do, it is difficult to do.
The importance of oil-needed products will distract us from our interests.
There were great achievements in this regard in the year 1389.
And one of the things that shows firm determination in the arena of the economy is the fact that western governments, under the leadership of the United States and under the leadership of some European governments, imposed sanctions on Iran with wisdom.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they thought of increasing sanctions against Iran.
They say that the sanctions that they have imposed will bring to the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation the next few months. They say that the sanctions that they have imposed will bring to the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation the next few months.
They think that these sanctions will make the issue difficult for the Iranian nation. They think that these sanctions will make it difficult for the Iranian nation. They think that these sanctions will make it difficult for the Iranian nation. They think that these sanctions will make it difficult for the Iranian nation.
It was done with wisdom to oppose these sanctions in order to prevent the enemy's invasion.
The enemies have failed to their goals through these sanctions.
Today the people of the west are saying that imposing sanctions on Iran is useless.
This is one of the problems that we have always faced with our work. We are a producing country, but we have faced them with foreign interventions.
Therefore, they say that this is the issue of the Islamic Republic and we will not let it stop.
Because of these sanctions, our officials started thinking about them. They made efforts and we did not need oil.
I heard this from the dear youth during my visit to the island of Esfand at the end of the month.
They told me we wanted to abide by these sanctions. They told me we wanted to abide by these sanctions. They told me we wanted to abide by these sanctions. They told me we wanted to abide by these sanctions.
We have come home, we have thought, we have faced problems, we have made efforts and we have not fulfilled these responsibilities without relying on foreigners.
According to the government's report, in the year 1389 there were more than one thousand shillings in the country. If so, there were more than one thousand shillings in the country than ever before.
A lot of good achievements have been made in the arena of production of agricultural products, in the arena of production of agricultural products, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production, in the arena of production,
This is true of the economy.
There are many things that have been done in other areas.
In any case, what he said to us in the year 1389 is that thankfully this year is a year of determination in all terms.
Of course the year 1389 has not had any special characteristics. This year is a year of determination, a year of determination and a year of determination.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation and all government officials should make great efforts in order to reach the right place for the Iranian nation.
But the issue of economy is very important at this point.
If our magnanimous country succeeds in the arena of economic progress, this great movement will have an impact on the country's progress and the greatness of the Iranian nation.
What is important in this regard is national progress in line with the preparedness for national progress for the next decade.
A great opportunity will be to use our power in the best possible way in the country.
Two years ago, in this New Year's speech, I spoke about the problems of the country's economy.
People should know these things.
I would like to call on the officials of the country to raise awareness about the need to strengthen the country's economy. I would like to call on the officials of the country to raise awareness about the importance of improving the country's economy and reducing the participation rate among the people.
This is not what we do. Islam does not accept it.
Their efforts and efforts should be made in order to the goals set out in the 20th century of national progress.
Reducing unemployment rate and increasing unemployment rate in the country are one of the key issues.
It is one of the most important and essential things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the important things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard. It is one of the things that can be done in this regard.
It is necessary to establish a legal framework.
This means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it means that it is necessary.
This is the case with basic resources of the country and with adequate use of water. Today the failure of the maritime system that we have in the country is being used in the areas of high labour.
Look at what will happen if, by Allah's favor, the government manages to establish a maritime path and if it is defeated, it will be defeated.
In all other areas - including the domestic sector, the scientific sector and other areas in need of water - we are only able to use the existing maritime infrastructure in these areas.
This is a great and important point.
It is necessary for the people to stand up on the issue of the economy.
If we want to carry out this great economic movement in the country in the year 1389, there are certain things that we should do.
I will tell you more about these things.
First of all, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the beginning of the Revolution, our nation has made progress everywhere in the arena of jihad. We have seen these things during the Sacred Defense Era. We have seen these things in the arena of national jihad and we have seen these things in the arena of knowledge.
If we have a spirit of jihad in different areas - that is to say, working for the sake of God and working for the sake of God is not just a responsibility - our movement will definitely continue.
Second, it is the strengthening of spiritual, religious and spiritual values in society.
It is necessary for all to know this. The establishment of religious beliefs in the country and in the youth will help the people deal with the issues of their world.
It should not be thought that the influence of religious beliefs in the hearts of the youth will not only be manifested during prayer holidays or during weekly classes during Imam Khomeini (a.s.).
If the youth of a nation are religious, they will avoid philosophy.
The same is true of economic matters.
The power of religious organizations is a very valuable factor.
There are a lot of important issues in this country and everybody should pay attention to them. You should pay attention to them. You should pay attention to them.
This is just like a country's train. It is like a country that wants to reach a particular place. It is like a country that wants to reach a particular place. It is like a country that wants to reach a particular place. It is like a country that wants to reach a particular place. It is like a country that wants to reach a particular place. It is like a country that wants to reach a particular place. It is like a country that wants to reach a particular place. It is like a country that wants to reach a particular place. It is like a country that wants to reach a particular place. It is like a country that wants to travel, and it is like a country that wants to travel, and it is like a country that wants to travel, and it is like a country that wants to travel, and it is like a country that wants to travel, and it is like a country that wants to travel.
Therefore, the latter should not be introduced to the scene.
Another example is preserving unity and understanding of national unity.
The unity that exists between the people and the people and government officials, the unity that belongs to their officials, the unity that belongs to them, the unity that belongs to them, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that belongs to these officials, the unity that bel
One of the great achievements of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to create internal discord. They are talking about ethnicity, ethnicity, political ideology, ethnicity and other issues.
Fortunately, our nation is awakening.
All those who love their country and love religious democracy - which is a source of pride for the Iranian nation - should be aware of each other.
It is necessary for government officials to do so. It is necessary to make efforts to ensure that even if there is a discord between them - which may be true at some point - they should not show this to the people because it will damage national unity.
I would like to extend my condolences to government officials on this issue.
The importance of the issue of the world should be addressed through negotiations. These issues are not important.
Of course I would like to remind you of this issue. Sometimes we would like to remember it, but you would like to write about it in Tehran and other towns. You would like to write about it.
This is not useful.
Why is this necessary in some cases against losing a lot of money?
I hope that the people and government officials should pay attention to this statement. They should accept it and try to prove it.
There is no need to be done and there is no need to be too much money.
Of course, what I have said about the issue of the economy does not mean that we should ignore other aspects.
In other areas, especially in the arena of knowledge and technology, the youth who are well-known and well-known should be helped in order to great achievements.
The recent events - namely, the events of Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - are very important.
This is the manifestation of the Islamic Awakening.
There are two characteristics that exist in the Islamic Republic: the first is the issue of the presence of the people and the second is the issue of relying on religion and reference to it.
These are two essential elements.
The presence of the people on the scene is the same as the events of the Islamic Revolution.
The congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congregations, the congreg
Our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) managed to enter the arena.
This is the case in the Arab world today.
In Egypt and Tunisia the people entered the arena.
It is the people who entered the arena and their religious goals are the people who entered the arena.
Those who entered the arena entered the arena. Those who entered the arena entered the arena. Those who entered the arena entered the arena. Those who entered the arena entered the arena.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
Why did they think?
In Egypt, Tunisia and other countries, oppressive leaders have destroyed their people and their identity.
For example, the people of Egypt see that their leaders are doing the best in order to meet the needs of the Zionist regime.
If Hosni Mubarak did not cooperate with the Zionist regime in the attack on Gaza, he would not be able to do the same harm to the people of Gaza.
But Hosni Mubarak entered the arena and helped them. He opened the path and removed them from Egypt.
When he received a message that the people of Gaza lived on the streets of the country, he built a 30 meters old car and sent it to the country in order to open the way to it.
This is what Hosni Mubarak did.
The consequences of this situation can also be seen in some other countries.
For example, in Libya, although the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps showed the power of the west during the early stages of his reign, Gaddafi has made great services to the west in recent years.
When they saw a threat, they saw that he had taken away all his nuclear equipment, put them in a train, sent them to the west and said that you should go with them.
You should pay attention to what our nation is doing and they should pay attention to what they are doing.
But the officials of our country are not just backward, but they are more prepared than the enemies want each year.
Such insult to insult can be seen in all the countries in which the people are moving.
This is an important point for us.
After these events, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing, they do not know what they are doing.
Of course what the Americans have seen about these countries and other countries so far is the support of foreign leaders. They have been safeguarding Hosni Mubarak as much as they can, but when they realized that they are not able to do so, they have forgotten it.
Of course this is a lesson for the leaders who rely on America to realize that when their interests are safeguarded and they will use them as a useful tool, they will not be deceived.
What happened to the west and to America is unacceptable.
Egypt was one of America's oldest policies. They relied on this policy.
But they failed to preserve this foundation in order to benefit from it.
If the people are vigilant, they will be able to defeat their plots and destroy their plots.
In Egypt and in Tunisia, the Americans tried to prevent them from defending the system of their government, whether they lost Mubarak or Ben Ali.
By Allah's favor, and by Allah's favor, America will continue to be defeated in this region.
After losing their people in these countries, they brought about two things: the first is waiting and the second is trying to bring the future to certain areas.
They were defeated in this regard.
The second is a similarity. The same means that the same things have happened in Egypt, Tunisia, and Libya in other countries.
The main goal is to defend the rights of the people.
If our dear people had realized that the President of the United States had sent a message to the Iranian nation that he said that we are your supporters, they claimed that they are the enemies of the dictatorship, they claimed that they are the rights of the nations.
They are not just compassionate of other nations, but their nations are not even compassionate of them.
The current president of the United States used billions of reasons to raise banks in the economic situation of America. He used billions of reasons to raise banks in the country. He used billions of reasons to raise banks in the country. He used billions of reasons to raise banks in the country. He used billions of reasons to raise banks in the country. He used billions of reasons to raise banks in the country. He used billions of reasons to raise banks in the country. He used billions of reasons to raise banks in the country. He used billions of reasons to raise banks in the country.
It makes it difficult for the people to buy companies, buy companies and buy banks. Therefore, they do not even disappoint their nations.
Today the American nation is facing economic problems.
There are other places where people are being punished: Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, and other places where people are being punished.
People do not understand these things.
Did the former US President know what he said?
Were he really aware of the people behind the scene who are changing his policies or did he not ignore them?
He said that those who are fighting for Tehran's independence are those who are fighting for Egyptian independence.
That is to say, it is true.
The position of the Islamic Republic of Iran is clear in terms of the events that are taking place in this region.
Our goal is to support nations and their rights.
This is the position of the Islamic Republic. This is the true position of the Islamic Republic.
Our policies are the same. Our hearts are the same.
There are two places to pay attention: the first is Libya and the second is Bahrain.
As for Libya, we would like to pay tribute to God as well as the behavior of the Libyan government towards the people, the killing of the people and the bombings that took place in towns and villages. But we would like to pay tribute to the Americans, the Americans and other western countries as well.
They claimed that we entered Libya for the sake of the people or for the sake of the Armed Forces, but this is not accepted.
If they were really supporting the people of Libya and if they were supporting the people of Libya because of their presence, they would have bombed the people of Libya.
If you want to help them, you should provide them with weapons, weapons, and weapons.
Therefore, you have not entered the country for the sake of the people. You want to buy the fruits of Libya and you want to prove your status in Libya.
If you want to find a place where you can establish a revolutionary system in Egypt and Tunisia, you should go ahead with it. You should go ahead with it.
That is to say, you are angry.
The National Assembly, which should serve the nations, has, unfortunately, become a weapon in the hands of these people.
This is a blasphemy for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreign troops and the presence of westerners is unacceptable.
If you want to help the people of Libya, you can help the people of Libya. You can strengthen them. You can help the people of Libya solve the problems of Gaddafi with themselves.
Their main requirement is elections. Everyone has one vote. Is this a great requirement?
Is this a great hope? When elections are held in Bahrain, the people of Bahrain do not have the right to vote in the future. They are oppressed.
But westerners should take advantage of this opportunity so that they can take advantage of the issues of the region by introducing a new issue - which is the issue of Shia and Sunni.
Because the people of Bahrain are Shia and nobody has the right to support them.
Those who followed the events that are happening in the region did not say anything about the issue of Bahrain and they did not say anything about the bloodshed of the people of Bahrain.
Some people from the Persian Gulf - both politicians and journalists - came and said that Bahrain is a Shia and Sunni issue.
It is the lack of acceptance of a nation and oppression against women. The same is true of what happened in Tunisia, the same is true of what happened in Egypt, the same is true of what happened in Libya, the same is true of what happened in Yemen, the same is true of what happened in Yemen, the same is true of what happened in Tunisia, the same is true of what happened in Egypt, the same is true of what happened in Yemen, the same is true of what happened in Yemen, the same is true of what happened in Yemen, the same is true of what happened in Yemen.
The Americans were happy that they managed to call this issue a conflict between Shia and Sunni by spreading their media and propaganda methods.
They said that this is one of the reasons why the Iranian nation is supporting the people of Bahrain.
We have supported all of them.
We have supported the Palestinian nation for thirty two years. Is it a country, a government, and a nation that has supported the Palestinian nation for thirty two years?
Are the Palestinians Shia?
Our youth traveled more than any other train than any other train to go to Gaza.
They are prepared to go to Gaza and fight against Israel.
We urge them not to go.
Our people showed their support for the people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt, and Tunisia. They are not Shia.
Therefore, it is not about Shia or Sunni.
The pioneers are trying to present the issue of Bahrain as a Shia and Sunni issue.
Unfortunately, some people who do not have wrong intentions are fighting their own threats.
If there is a good hope in this regard, I will tell them that the issue is not Shia and Sunni. This is a great service to America. This is a great service to the enemies of the Iranian nation who show the great movement for a nation's freedom as a conflict between Shia and Sunni. There is no conflict between Shia and Sunni.
We are not different from Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
Every movement in a nation which is like Islamic and which demands freedom will be supported by us.
The great point is that the invasion of Bahrain and Saudi tanks was not seen as a milestone in the home of the country. But when our men, teachers and prominent people said that you were not killed, they said that you were not killed.
Is this domestic change a country?
This is an oppressive regime that we used to say that you should not kill your people. This is an oppressive regime. But the invasion of foreign terrorists against the capital of Bahrain does not stop the domestic movement. This is an oppressive regime for the Americans and their allies in the region who are promoting it.
The Americans have thousands of kilometres away from the region.
Anyone who does such a thing makes a mistake.
By Allah's favor, a new movement has taken place in the region.
As God has promised, this movement will definitely be successful.
The Iranian nation is powerful and proud and they are happy that it is the beginning of this movement.
The youth who came here did not see the Revolution.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and blessings on this great nation.
You should continue to serve this nation, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this movement, this
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age happy with us.
Dear God, make the souls of our martyrs and our magnanimous Imam believe in us. Dear God, make us benefit from the blessings and mercy of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with officials of the Islamic Republic.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master, Prophet, Abul Kasim Muhammad, and upon his immaculate household, especially the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
I would like to congratulate the dear brothers and sisters and government officials of the country on their efforts. I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow His blessings on you.
I am grateful to Allah the Exalted for giving us the opportunity to celebrate and organize this friendly event in order to discuss the important issues of the country and other issues.
The following is the full text of the message of the Holy Quran, which is the full text of the Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic
The last point is that, by Allah's favor, we will take a look at the events that are taking place in our neighborhoods and the events that are taking place in this region.
The Holy Prophet of the Age (s.w.a.) said in his book, "The determination is a divine blessing which Allah the Exalted has bestowed on his servants and believers."
He said that determination is not a sanction but a dignity. That is to say, the end of this determination, which is a divine dignity for its servants, requires thanks. It is necessary to be thankful to God.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the most important of these things is that, in addition to all other characteristics, this unity creates a sense of enthusiasm in the heart of a person and this creates the arena for thought that is worshiped by one hour of thought for one year.
This thought is a source of thought for the body, the spirit and the heart of a person. It shows the truth and the truth and promotes the path of wisdom. It is necessary to take advantage of it. We should think of our times.
The funds are the main resources of every individual.
Every opportunity is achieved through this life - that is to say, the hour of the day - and it is a source of money that can increase the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one and the quality of life for one
Therefore, we should reflect on how many years of life are going.
We should pay attention to the moment of our lives and to the day and the day of our lessons.
We should pay attention to the way life moves. 'The spirit is like the light of the sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun's sun
This money is actually going, and although everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our hands and everything is in our
How did we use it and how did we use it?
It is the time for each of us to think of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, to leave this world, to remove one's soul from his body and to meet the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) angels.
What will happen to us at that time? What will happen to our hearts at that time? These are the things that we should think of.
This prayer is another point that I think of.
In the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household says, "The truth and the knowledge of the prayers that are received from the Imam (s.w.a.) are not the truth and they are not the truth and they are not the truth and they are not the truth and they are not the truth and they are not the truth and they are not the truth and they are not the truth and they are not the truth and they are not the truth and they are the truth and they are not the truth and they are the truth and they are the truth and they are not the truth and they are the truth and they are not the truth and they are the truth and they are the truth and they are the truth and they are the truth and they are the truth and they are not the truth and they are the truth and they are the truth and they are
Therefore, these prayers are very important.
It is prayer for those who have heard it. It is prayer for those who have not heard it. It is prayer for those who have not heard it. It is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who have not heard it, and it is prayer for those who
At the beginning of this prayer he said, "By Allah, bestow peace on Muhammad and his household, bestow peace on me in the name of the Imam of the Age (may God be sacrificed for his sake) and bestow peace on me in the name of those who are afraid of God." That is to say, bestow peace on me in the name of the Imam of the Age (may God be sacrificed for his sake) in the name of the Imam of the Age (may God be sacrificed for his sake) in the name of the Imam of the Age (may God be sacrificed for his sake) in the name of the Imam of the Age (may God be sacrificed for his sake) in the name of the Imam of the Age (may God be sacrificed for his sake).
What does you mean to think of the children who are afraid of God?
Dear God, put the idea of those who are afraid of God in a number of things. You should put the idea of those who are afraid of God in a number of things. You should put the idea of those who are afraid of God in a number of things. You should put the idea of those who are afraid of God in a number of things. You should put the idea of those who are afraid of God in a number of things. You should put the idea of those who are afraid of God in a number of things. You should put the idea of those who are afraid of God in a number of things. You should put the idea of those who are afraid of God in a number of things. You should put the idea of those who are afraid of God in a number of things.
Fear of God is one of the foundations of this fear.
Sometimes a person is assigned to him (and he does not have a public responsibility). You are involved in a religious group of children and you are involved in a group of family members or in a group of workers. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group of people. You are involved in a group
When you speak to a particular person or group, the influence of a person who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does not have such responsibilities and who does
We should not do anything in the air.
Dear God, put our brothers and sisters in our words.
To kill the fire of oppression.
Everybody should make every effort to kill this disease.
This is the reason why we have increased the number of brothers and sisters, government officials, speakers, people who speak in the country and any part of the country. This is the reason why we have increased the number of people who speak in the country.
Sometimes a word does not kill women, but it increases the power of women.
Those who are on the right path should try to reach the right path. We should not let our actions, our behavior, our statements, and those who are on the right path prevent them from believing in this path.
We should not separate those who are related to this system from it.
If there are differences among the people, we try to divide them.
When a university does a good job, try to explain this.
We have said a lot about this issue.
This is part of this prayer. The issue of twenty-three prayers is, but I am concerned about one of them.
We pray to Allah the Exalted to bestow His blessings on us.
These are some aspects of fear of God.
This is the first point that I want to discuss.
The second aspect is a further analysis of the situation of the country.
There are certain important points that are clear in the letter. I assure you that this letter will bring you to the attention of everybody who knows how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing, how hard they are doing
I will explain a particular aspect of the situation of the country and this is an important point for us.
Why is it important?
First of all, knowing the situation of our country and where we are and where we are going is very important. First of all, knowing the situation of our country and where we are and where we are going is very important.
First of all, the situation in this region is very brilliant.
The Islamic Awakening and the great events that are taking place in this region are unprecedented since the beginning of the Revolution until today.
When a nation which has carried out such a great movement, which has provoked such a government, which has resisted such an Islamic movement and which has threatened the Zionist regime to the situation of the region, the Egyptian nation has made such a threat to the situation of the Zionist regime.
This is the case in which we are present. This is the case in which we are present. This is the case in which we are present. This is the case in which we are present. This is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are present, this is the case in which we are
The economic issue of the arrogant and progressive western governments is a great issue. The issue of the arrogant and progressive western governments is a issue that will not be solved immediately.
This is part of this point. They do not say anything about what the westers feel about the economic issues that America and some Western countries have confronted.
The intellectual and political centers that organize their policies behind the scene and organize their affairs in the major countries of the world - who are often headed by the media - do not want to see that the nations of the world are aware of the realities of these issues.
By Allah's favor, if there is time to clarify this issue at the end of my speech.
Another issue is the spread of anti-terrorism movements in the west, especially in Europe.
Thereafter, there was a war between two Muslim countries.
There are certain things that they want to do, but Allah the Exalted does not give them any chance to lose.
These are important things.
The same thing that happened in Norway should not be viewed as simple.
It is necessary to pay attention to our circumstances and to our circumstances.
If we do not take care of these opportunities, if we do not take care of these opportunities, if we do not take care of these opportunities in a timely manner, we will be disappointed.
Sometimes ignoring an opportunity becomes a threat and it becomes a return.
Therefore, there is no problem if we take a look at the events that are happening in the country from this perspective.
We should not make mistakes, we should not make mistakes, we should not make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make mistakes, we should make
The same is true of other media outlets.
When somebody says why you do not say that, they say that you do not let us say the truth.
That is to say, we want to say the truth. No, this is an effort to eradicate these things.
I look at newspapers every day by 20 p.m.
Some of these newspapers contain newspapers every day and each of them touches the hearts of an insulting person.
We do not blame anyone, but this is a fact.
The same is true of the threat.
It is necessary to pay attention to the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses
It is necessary to cooperate with what the government is able to do and what the government is not able to do.
Therefore, if we want to identify the realities of the country, we should cooperate with the wealth of the country.
Today I will provide a brief explanation on this issue.
These good things will show us the opportunities that we have in this country.
These brilliant aspects will show us the importance of what we should do and what we should do.
When we share these things with one another, it is clear for us. We know what to do.
I have written about a few things that have taken place in the past 32 years. I have written about a few things that have taken place in the past. I have written about a few things that have taken place in the past. I have written about a few things that have taken place in the past. I have written about a few things that have taken place in the past. I have written about a few things that have taken place in the past. I have written about a few things that have taken place in the past. I have written about a few things that have taken place in the past. I have written about a few things that have taken place in the past.
The first step in the position of the Islamic Republic is to overcome all kinds of threats. The first step in the position of the Islamic Republic is to overcome all kinds of threats. This is very important.
Over the past 32 years we have faced different kinds of threats - political threats, security threats, and economic threats - and the purpose of these threats is to destroy this system.
Of course they want to form a government, but this is not good for them. They want to form a system of unity, but they want to form a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of unity, a system of un
This system defeated all these threats.
Some of these things are organized by foreigners, such as sanctions.
For many years, sanctions have been imposed on the country, but they have strengthened themselves in the recent years.
Sometimes these sanctions were imposed by the National Assembly - which they managed to enforce. Sometimes these sanctions were imposed by the National Assembly.
These are the things that are related to foreigners.
There are other threats as a result of domestic events. The enemy used these threats as an example of tribes in the country. This system has managed to overcome all these things. Today different tribes of the country are living with one another. You can see how they feel that they are in line with this system.
In my opinion, this is one of the strengths that we have.
We should pay attention to this point when we look into the strengths of this system.
The Islamic Republic, which has faced various threats over the past 32 years, has dealt with all these threats, not with international support, but with the global powers. This is a very important point.
I think this is the first aspect of the power of the Islamic Republic.
Second, it is believing in unity between the people and the government.