Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, issued a statement that requires the Iranian nation of all kinds of mercy and blessings to help the Muslim brothers in the distressed region of Africa, especially in Somalia.
Here is a translation of the information:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
During the last days of the distressed African region, especially the Somalian region, faced with the horrendous catastrophe and the horrendous famine as a result of an unprecedented regional drought, the lives of millions of Muslims in the region, especially women and young children, were threatened and threatened.
Therefore, the Islamic Ummah is called upon to help the Islamic Ummah and the Islamic Ummah in this month of mercy and blessings and will be able to provide material assistance to the Islamic Ummah and the Islamic Ummah and the Islamic Ummah in this month of mercy.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is the main purpose of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps."
The following is the full text of the statement issued by Ayatollah Khamenei.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
The human race is, in its nature, a loving creature who needs prayer and self-sacrifice before Allah the Exalted, the Creator of all good things.
By Allah's favor, the religions of the Lord, by Allah's favor, have overcome the envy of mankind and rescued it from the envy of this natural envy.
The emphasis on praising day and night is an opportunity and a blessing that liberates mankind from fighting in this ignorant trap. It does not allow him to approach his heart in knowledge before God.
When silence, prayer, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers, prayers.
The Holocaust is a symbol of this event.
The Islamic Ummah is like the Islamic Ummah. The Islamic Ummah is like the Islamic Ummah. The Islamic Ummah is like the Islamic Ummah.
By Allah's favor, the atmosphere of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household increases light and perfection. By Allah's favor, the atmosphere of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is increased. By Allah's favor, the atmosphere of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is increased, the atmosphere of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is increased.
It is this way that we should look at the Islamic Ummah.
The soul of the Islamic Revolution increases the energy and energy of the Islamic Republic's Guards Corps.
Wherever there is a center of life, socialism is the main source of this movement.
Insurance should be the foundation of construction in towns and villages, in schools and universities, in social gatherings, from business and employment centers, to airports, to high-ranking transportation centers, to hospitals and hospitals.
It is necessary to be gentle, gentle and gentle.
The leadership of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should be carried out in a kind and loving manner.
If the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution
I hope that this day, and I hope that our souls will be sacrificed to the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "There are many areas that can be used to strengthen the relationship between the two countries in different areas, and this relationship should be strengthened, especially in the area of trade and reconstruction."
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the continued transgression of Lebanon and the persecution of the Zionist regime and added: "If the Zionist regime can, it can take the city of Beirut to the city of Tarabulus in order to destroy Syria."
The only thing that has become the foundation for the Zionist regime is resistance.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to Lebanon as the only Arab nation that has been able to defeat the Zionist regime and added: "The enmity is the only thing that the enemy of Lebanon has not experienced."
Therefore, it is necessary to recognize the significance of this greatness.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "As long as the Zionist regime remains alive, Lebanon needs to fight."
Ayatollah Khamenei reiterated: "The relationship between Imam Hussein (a.s.) and Imam Hussein (a.s.) and other members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should be strengthened."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated that the Islamic Republic of Iran is supporting the unity and independence of Lebanon and reiterated: "Labanon is a country that has followed different denominations and has lived together in peace and harmony with one another throughout the years, but some people want to see that there is a rift and a rift in this country which should be resisted."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to a recent meeting with Rafik Hariri, the former Prime Minister of Lebanon.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "We see the Islamic Republic of Iran as a friend and a sister to Lebanon who has been with Lebanon during the turbulent times."
The Leader of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "The Leader of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution
While Hariri added that the government of Lebanon is a government of unity, he said that any disputes and divisions between the people of Lebanon will benefit the illegitimate nation of Israel.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei.
After a prolonged interruption and reassignment of Iranian pilgrims to Saudi countries, the result of negotiations between officials of the two countries - Iran and Saudi Arabia.
Ayatollah Kashir was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Each year during the hajj, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution addressed the important issues of the Islamic Ummah.
What do you think is the philosophy of this message?
To answer this question, first of all, it is necessary to clarify certain issues.
First of all, the hajj is one of the greatest achievements of Islamic worship.
The greatest purpose of the hajj, as found in the Holy Quran, is to ‘ wipe out the Islamic Ummah and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) activities through history. That is to say, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) named the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) named the Prophet (s.w.a.) named the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
The Holy Quran describes each of these occasions as saying: “ Even when the Lord of Abraham examined him with a few words, he fulfilled them to him.
He said: “I am the One appointing you as leader for men.”
He said: “By my descendants,” that is, the expression of the headship of the peaceable.
The second objective which is based on this path is to bring about humanity (sure), restoring humanity to its original structure and its original pattern of submission to God. This type of humanity is being built during the hajj. Therefore, the highest purpose of hajj has been revealed, one of which is the issue of ‘barring from the mujahids'.
All of this shows the stability of the people and the unity of the Islamic Ummah.
In all these messages, the Imam (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the hajj goals.
But the philosophy of this message - which is the answer to your question - and why the Islamic Republic and its leaders are so important to this issue is the preservation of labor and the preservation of society.
The establishment of hajj means the establishment of the movement of the people.
He argued: "Hajj is a festival of Islam". What is meant by the festival of Islam?
During the war, when the flag is standing, it means that the army is alive and war is continued.
Therefore, the preservation of hajj and the restoration to the spirit of hajj are one of the greatest goals of the Islamic Republic to promote “ the awakening of Islam”.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was addressing the issue as a goal.
Of course, we cannot recognize the importance of the hajj. Of course, we cannot recognize the importance of the hajj. Of course we cannot recognize the importance of the hajj.
There are media from organizations, organizations and organizations that manage their activities, but they do not manage their activities according to the status and importance of this statement.
All the media, all the cultural offices, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the media, all the people in the country and all the people in the country should do their utmost to deliver this message to all parts of the world in order to their goal.
It is necessary to make further efforts in this regard.
No, not in such a situation; only the king of Saudi has issued a statement.
- Since earlier, this message was being delivered to the people on the day of her martyrdom.
But after the conflict — which was the reason why the Iranians had not gone to hajj for decades — a agreement was reached after the negotiations that I was part of the negotiations.
Both sides have achieved the agreement that from that time forward, there will be no meeting in Mecca, but on this Arafah day - that is to say, the ninth of Zul Hajj - there will be an assembly in Arafah, and there will be an assembly in Arafah, in Arafah, in Arafah, in Arafah, in Arafah, in Arafah.
This is the second agreement, after all disagreements and disagreements.
We claim that the hajj is being delivered to Muslim nations.
Does this statement have a bearing on action?
At first, there were several indigenous pilgrims from different countries.
Second, this message is being disclosed and may be translated into different languages during the hajj, in Mina and elsewhere, and it comes to the hands of all the hajjis as the message of the Islamic Revolution.
On the one hand, the arrogant powers of the world and the organizations of Arab and Muslim governments are trying to hinder the influence of the Islamic Revolution.
Some time ago, this news was published in one of the English newspapers, and all Zionists around the world were watching behind this magazine, which caused her problems.
- In what year did this happen?
The Zionists are trying to stop the spread of this message.
The Saudi government has not only been able to help spread this message, it has also been able to prevent it for years.
Of course this movement has been reduced in recent years, but they are trying everywhere to see the end of this proclamation.
Sometimes we try to print the news in foreign journals, we donate money, but we do not print it.
Many newspapers have not accepted or been granted permission to print the print.
Europeans and even Muslims.
Of course they do not tolerate it, but as I said, we do not tolerate it.
What is the condition of this statement?
There, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) represents the entire Islamic Ummah.
The camp that is established there is indeed a camp for human representation. It is a camp for the entire Islamic Ummah with the intention of drawing close to God.
The chief priests should pay attention to their eyes.
He cared for his mouth and tongue.
The forbidden archaeological practices are teaching practices.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (a.s.).
If you take a closer look at the comments of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, you will see that the first point presented in this statement is the role that the hajj plays in building up the Islamic Ummah.
This is what the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said during the hajj.
For example, the role of the hajj can play in the outworking of the weaknesses of the Islamic Ummah.
The next point in the arena of hajj is to emphasize that hajj is an Islamic ceremony.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to hajj as the "mass of the movement of the people" and "an expression of the role of Islam in politics".
If we take note of the roots of hajj, one of these is the roots of the House of God.
That is to say, the entire nation is committed to the judgment and arrangement of Allah the Exalted.
The first point referred to in this statement is “the role of the hajj in the history of the progress of the Islamic Ummah”.
The second point is the role that the hajj plays in ‘cluttering the good social and social qualities’
This is one of all the messages.
Of course, from the beginning to the end of the announcement, the issue of purifying the heart and benefiting from the opportunities found in the holy places associated with the hajj will be discussed.
The third point in this statement is ‘reflecting on the greatness of Islam and what it is accompaniing.”
Similarly, Islam has the methods and methods to solve human problems.
The next point is to emphasize the issue of unity of Muslims, which is especially stated by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In this statement, the efforts are being made to promote and promote Islamic Awakening.
This unity is also mentioned as an example of the same type of clothing, the same path, the same position, and so forth.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the House of Ka'bah is a symbol of monotheism and a symbol of unity.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) referred to the great power of the Islamic Ummah, which includes material, spiritual, national and cultural power. They remind the Islamic Ummah of the great power which the enemies are trying to weaken.
In the same way, one of the topics of these messages is the identity of the world's arrogant powers.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) re-appearance of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household has been highlighted by the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
The events that are taking place in the world of Islam - including the issues that have been plundered by the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the efforts of the Islamic Ummah to promote ethnic fitna, corruption, murder and propaganda against the Islamic Ummah.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to all the threats that followed the September 11 attack.
As a result of the Islamic Revolution and the awakening of Islam, the powers of the arrogant powers of the world have been influenced by the Islamic Ummah. The enemies have launched a plan to destroy the Islamic Ummah and destroy corruption.
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the arrogant powers of the world are the enemies of the weak, human rights and the supporters of terrorism, hypocrisy and hegemony in Muslim countries.
The last point is to establish the Islamic Republic as a model for success in fighting the arrogant powers of the world and to establish Islam throughout our lives and call for Islamic unity, a model for unity among leaders and people, a model for religious democracy, a model for love, love and support for the weak.
What are the effects of these events in other countries?
Does he have a position among scholars and politicians of Islamic or Arab countries?
Each year, we visit about 50 countries. We meet with people, Islamic organizations and leaders, especially the political organizations of different countries and the activists of different countries.
That is to say, despite our weaknesses in delivering this message, wherever it is available, it has a powerful influence.
Today the issue of diplomacy is the most important issue in the world.
Could the hajj be considered part of the Islamic Republic's global diplomacy movement and another means of establishing the Islamic Revolution?
Of course, one of the best ways to proclaim the Revolution is by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and his Leader.
One of the methods that encourage the hajj and react to the efforts to eliminate the role of the hajj and the role it plays in the life of the Islamic Ummah is the message that I think is very influential.
The tragedy is that many of the hajj pilgrims are coming from distant places and suffer many hardships but are not able to understand the message in the hajj.
We have a revival that says: "The light of hajj will remain with the holy ones if he does not sin", that is, the holy ones will return with the light of hajj, and that light will remain with him in the activities of his people until God has committed sin, and that light will gradually disappear.
I hope the hajj pilgrims will try to find the light of the hajj and try to preserve the hajj message so that the hajj will play its role in the upbringing of the Islamic Ummah.
Leader’s Speech to Shia Teachers - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 12, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Allah the Exalted said: "In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful."
Those who believe and fear the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and who fear the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and who fear the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
For me, one of the most exciting interviews was a meeting with the esteemed teachers who are serving in different parts of the country and with young students who are busy in the arena of religious morality and religious education.
Thankfully, the dear brothers and sisters, the dear students and teachers of the province of Sunni and Shia, were gathered at this meeting this night. This is a great opportunity for me.
There are certain matters that I would like to discuss, but before I tell what I have, I feel that I should thank the world's chief educator who, after Ayatollah Burujerdi directed his life in this province and was rewarded for his efforts by means of martyrdom.
I had the opportunity to meet him at his home in Kermanshah several times. Let us sit with him and talk with us.
In the same way, we met him at a meeting that was held in the province’s Friday clergy assembly in Islamabad, which was held in Yazd by Shahid Saduki.
The meeting was held under a bomb (of the Iraqi army during the war), and we also attended the meeting.
His humility, his outlook on the world, his lack of physical interests, all these things are characteristics that belong to him. He is a great man.
Allah the Exalted rewarded him in the same way: at the end of a long life, Allah blessed him with martyrdom.
I have repeatedly said that martyrdom is a business death and it is a very profitable death.
Of course, there will be a time when life will end "Every soul is at the risk of death" (Sura Al-Imranah 3:185).
We are also interested in achieving this goal. We are interested in achieving this goal. We are interested in achieving this goal.
Allah the Exalted is the Buyer of life by Allah the Exalted.
In this province too, our former friend, Hajj Agha Baha's Puthen Muhammadi Araki, is one of the people who have received this martyrdom.
Agha Hajj Baha is one of the students of Imam Khomeini and one of our friends in Qom.
God has shown mercy to these two martyrs.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that he was one of our best associates at the Qom School. He was a faithful, sincere, sincere and sincere teacher.
God blessed him.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before I was president, one of my visits to Kermanshah, I went to his home and saw his artistic activities.
After Imam Khomeini's death, he sent me one of his duties.
I need him to write to me this story which says: "If anyone has appointed himself a leader for a nation, he must first read his own text before reading his own text" so that I can put it before my table, so that we do not forget the subject of reading ourselves.
He wrote this to me with a good letter, and I put it in a boat to put it ahead of me.
This is the problem with our work.
You young brothers and sisters, if we want to be like a blossom, we want to be like a blossom, we want to be like a blossom, we want to be like a blossom, we want to be like a blossom, we want to be like a blossom, we want to be like a blossom, we want to be like a blossom.
The great verse, which says: "The people are afraid of God only from their servants."
Of course, teachers have certain characteristics, but fear of God is elected.
The concept of knowledge is that one enjoys this great blessing - that of putting fear of God in one's heart.
If you are younger than I am, you will be able to do this. When you reach our age, if a person does something in his youth, it will benefit him. If not, it will be difficult for him.
This life will end. Some will grow old and others will not.
You should know that the gap between 20 and 30 years and up to 70 years - that is to say, the gap between the age of 20 and the age of 70 and the gap between the age of 20 and the gap between the age of 70 and the gap between the age of 20 and the gap between the age of 20 and the gap between the age of 20 and the gap between the age of 70 and the gap between the age of 20 and the gap between the age of 20 and the gap between the age of 20 and the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the gap between the
When a person is 20 years old, he feels that there is a time to reach 70 years.
If a person has the opportunity to do something, he will have the opportunity to do something, he will have the opportunity to do something, he will have the opportunity to do something, he will have the opportunity to do something.
Therefore, I call the dear students to self-sacrifice, to mention God, to fear God and to strive to draw closer to the God who calls for enlightenment, which is the main source of their work.
If knowledge is available without fear of God, this knowledge can become useless, sometimes harmful.
We have a teacher - who has religious or non-religious knowledge - who not only did not benefit from it but also proved to be a disaster for him.
This divine spirit is essential to knowledge and teaching.
Kermanshah is an important town.
As Mr Ulama said a long time ago, Kermanshah had high-ranking teachers, such as the families of Al Agha, the families of Jalili, and other educational institutions that have high-ranking teachers, not one person or two or even ten people.
Another point in this chapter, which is noteworthy about Kermanshah, is that just as Kermanshah people are kind and kind to the people who come, the teachers have this characteristic, sometimes even more.
The elderly Muhammad Ali (s.w.a.) - the elderly Wahid Bahbahani, one of his father's most important students - rose up to Kermanshah to continue living.
Although he had no intention of living, he remained, he remained, and he became part of the Al Agha Family.
He and many of his sons were among the teachers.
This is one example.
Another example is the father-in-law of Agha Sayyid Hussein Haeri, who at the end of his life came to Mashhad.
I can still remember certain things about him.
He was the brother of Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfani, the student of Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfani, the student of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi, who came from Iraq, and spent many years in Kermanshah.
He had been executing hostages in Isfahan.
He is the one who knows God and accountability.
He was also among those who received training from Akhund Mulla Fatali Sultan Abadi, who was then in Samarra.
Another teacher is the father-in-law of Sardar Kabuli, a well-known expert on various areas.
I have seen this book many years ago. I have seen it many years ago.
It has been in Kermanshah for about 60 years. The chief priests have benefited from it.
I read in this book that Hajj Agha Husain Kummi (a.s.) on his trip to the holy places or on his way back came to Kermanshah to meet with the Imam of the Kabuli.
The writer said that I am two witnesses — I think he said that I am myself. For the past year, I have read the book — hajj Agha Hussein Kummi, who had been a father and a great teacher but who lived before the Kabul and was reading this literary talk.
This is the lesson. This is the lesson. This is the lesson. This is the lesson. This is the lesson. This is the lesson.
This was not a disgrace or a disgrace for a high-ranking teacher but a cause for pride.
We should learn these things. You dear youth should follow this path and make progress.
This man, a man of Kabul, grew up in India, then went to Najaf and then went to Kermanshah and was welcomed there.
The Praetorian Kabul has been in Kermanshah for 60 years.
The elderly Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani is one of the teachers who have been exiled to this town.
This city has a characteristic that shows that the hearts of the people are hearts that welcome religious teachers. They love religious teachers.
When they find a person and they understand his characteristics, they will welcome him in a way that they do not think he is in their hometown.
Ashrafi is a man of Isfahan, but he feels like Kermanshah. He becomes a man of Kermanshah.
This is what I said.
I would like to mention other points.
Dear Teachers, dear students, dear youth and dear tomorrow!
For two reasons: First of all, it is possible to declare Islam in the world - whether in Islamic or non-Muslim countries - that I will explain in a general way.
Therefore, the responsibility will be exhausted.
Today you are in a similar situation.
You should not be afraid. "They are afraid of Him, and they are not afraid of anyone in the face of God".
Do not be afraid of anything, do not be afraid of the hardships that are on the road.
Do not say that there are hardships, but do not say that there are hardships.
Act in a way that seems unable to happen.
Is this not the case in Iran?
In Iran, something was implemented that if all analysts of the world stayed for hours and hours during the day, they would not be able to do so.
Any commentator would say that this work is not possible, but it is possible.
I tell you that even some of our opposers say they cannot.
Imam Ayatollah Khamenei said that Imam Khomeini was saying, "The Shah is obliged to be removed."
He did not believe that the Shah could be removed.
He later told me this.
The Imam (r.a.) said that Shah would be removed, and nobody agreed, but he was removed.
Not only has Shah been removed, America has also gone, and the western countries have gone so that colonialism and presumptuousness have gone.
None of us believe this, but it has happened again.
There is no one who feels that the great Revolution of the time in the Islamic countries will take place in Egypt. Egypt, which signed the Camp Dabid agreement, Egypt, Hosni Mubarak.
It is possible to expect this event elsewhere, but no one is thinking about Egypt. But the Revolution took place in Egypt.
These are among the things that we should keep in mind.
We should pursue achievements that are hoped to be impossible in order to make sure that they are possible.
Be determined to carry heavy loads, so that you will have the opportunity. "And they do not fear anyone against God".
The answer is, "God is worthy to be accountable"; they should not forget, God is accountable.
And God Requires to Be Reasonable.
This is our path.
“The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) is the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) are the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) are the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
Allah the Exalted said: "We set the enemy for every prophet like that. The witnesses of the people and the demons, their parts, refer to the scenes, the scenes, the scenes, the scenes, the scenes.
And if your Lord wishes, they will not do it, so let them have what they say" [The Holy Quran, 6: 112].
Therefore, if you and I are determined to declare the good news of God, we will be prepared to face demonic witnesses.
They will attack us, so we will be prepared.
In a spiritual sense, we need to create a strong shield for ourselves — a shield of faith and devotion — so that we do not win it and lose it.
Fleeing and experiencing public defeat is the result of running and experiencing defeat.
Depression is the result of depression.
If you are not defeated in your heart, nobody can defeat you.
The shield that you should build for your hearts is the shield of faith in God and devotion to God. "So, then, let the people put their trust in God" [The Holy Quran, Sura Al-Imranah 3:122] "And those trusting in God must trust" [The Holy Quran, Sura Ibrahim 14:12] "And whoever trusts in God, then, God is His Rewarder" [The Holy Quran, 65:3) "Have God not proved to be worthy of His servant?"
(The Holy Quran, 39: 36), all of this is a lesson for us.
We should read the Holy Quran with all our thoughts and should make it a lesson for us.
The witness that is coming to you today through the Internet, humanity and other modern media has many modern-day statements as well.
I know that this is the case in some places.
These are some reports that are not being publicized. In some Muslim countries, hundreds of people are being killed in order to organize an Assembly against Shia Islam.
On the other hand, they offer a Shia-speaking witness to appear on television in Shia-speaking name, to accuse Ummah of Aisha, harass her, and harass her.
These are the ways in which they follow.
It is a great blessing for them to create differences.
I would like to tell you that your province is the province where Shia and Sunni people live with one another.
Shia and Sunni teachers should organize meetings among themselves, identify one another and talk among themselves.
We have many activities that we have shared with.
You may think differently, but you should carry out your association.
If they want to do research, they should do otherwise.
I believe in the issue of philosophy. If they want to discuss philosophy and philosophy among teachers and scholars, they should sit down and engage in this issue, but not in public eyes but in public knowledge.
But despite these things, there are certain things that have been shared in them. There is another disease that has been associated with which it has been associated with medicines.
The Shia teacher has the right to speak in his people, and the Sunni teacher has the right to speak in his people.
Today there are some people whose weapons are the weapons of the Islamic Revolution. They are not ashamed to call themselves the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The issue of Islam should be ignored.
Therefore, the inscription that we have spoken about has overcame all these things.
Another responsibility is the responsibility of reading.
I heard that there were Kermanshah students who were studying in Kum — who were evidently familiar with the brothers and sisters — to be dignified. They should come here to refuge, or if they are not yet to return, they should come at a special time. They should come in a year for two, three, four months. They should go to people, go to towns and towns, go to malls.
Therefore, the issue of education is very important.
Of course, in the arena of education, there is a matter of communication which is very important.
There is a lesson that comes to my lesson. Sometimes it does not come afterward, and I don’t see it there.
After a while I saw him again, I asked where he was. He said that I was in the outback - one of the long distances of Khorasan province - that I was witnessing there. So why did you come back, he said that I finally realized that I had nothing to learn to benefit those people.
This is to understand which one is spoken of.
Today, take a look at the youth who have studied with us.
In your Kermanshah village, those who have studied are very numerous.
Sometimes this was not the case.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, in all of Kermanshah provinces, university students were likely not more than three.
Now those who have written the same thing ten times may even say a lot.
These youths are exposed to propaganda and different speeches. There are questions that they ask.
You should identify their questions and then prepare the answers and then sit at the address.
Choose those with whom you will speak, understand their thoughts, answer them according to their thoughts and requests from the Holy Quran, Sunni Quran, and the Holy Quran.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that this book of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the book of Ayatollah Motahhari, in the book of Mizan, has been prepared and presented to solve the problems of the youth.
You stayed in Kum.
It is necessary to do these things.
Just think about morality as you think about acquiring knowledge, even more.
Dear God, purify the hearts of those with whom you speak.
This education, as I said, "Whover he has appointed himself a leader for a nation, he must first read his own text before reading his own text" is very difficult.
It is necessary to carry out this hard work.
The teachers should enter into social issues, but the important thing is that they should enter into the things that teachers should do, not with compulsion and persecution.
The same is true of teachers. The same is true of teachers. The same is true of teachers. The same is true of teachers. The same is true of teachers.
All things are all things.
A person whose rights have been cut short if he can safeguard his relationship with the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) will save him.
It is a very important point.
Dear God, bestow peace on those with whom you are speaking.
I don't know whether the annual meeting is held in Kermanshah or not. You should hold it here.
Shia and Sunni preachers should not harm their brothers.
Go with one another and sympathize with one another.
There are other things that have been shared, that can be done together.
If this happens, Allah the Exalted will continue.
I would like to tell you that when the Revolution prevailed, Islam received a new spirit and power in the world.
Is this a powerful engine that has been able to create such a great event that has shaken western powers?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the greatness of the Imam (r.a.) have shaken the west. They have shaken the colonial system.
They returned to the Holy Quran and got some information about Islam, so they became interested in Islam.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps (God's Guards Corps) was the second time the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps (God's Guards Corps) had begun.
Even in the Islamic countries, there have been so many youths who have purified their hope for the Marxist system. They think that the formation of a socialist government will eliminate poverty, injustice, bloodshed and bloodshed from their countries.
Some of them are honest people. I have seen some of them, whether Muslims or not. They are honest people but they do not believe in Islam.
They became revolutionary because they thought that there was hope in revolution for the people.
But when socialism is defeated, they see that it is not the case, there are no benefits.
Therefore, they entered the path of Islam.
All these youthful organizations that you saw in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other places were from the slogan of Islam. All of them in the late 1960 ’ s - about 40 years ago - were from the slogan of Islam.
The same is true of our country. I do not want to mention it.
There are people who speak about Islam, but under these words, the idea of democracy is really the idea.
After the Revolution is defeated, all these organizations that have turned away from the Revolution have turned to Islam. They look at Islam, they look at the Holy Quran, they look at the Islamic laws, they look at the Islamic Republic.
There is a system that has been established under the influence of Islam. It has been established in all modern times. All oppressive people are fighting against it, but it stands like a stone.
Those people who pursue all the things they need in Marxism and revolution but who have not found it have been completely defeated. Now they see what they are pursuing in Islam.
What do you think is happening?
They want to be humiliated, but they cannot be humiliated.
In the U.S. capital, New York, as well as on the Wall Street, the capital of the world, tens of thousands of people say they do not want to make excuses. They are not, they are not, they are not, they are not, they are, they are, they are, they are, they are, they are, they are, they do not want to make excuses.
This is what we say. We say from the beginning that we do not believe in the Islamic system, we do not believe in the Islamic system, we do not believe in the Islamic system.
You should be prepared.
The teachers of Islam should be prepared.
The Holy Quran, Sunni Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran.
If you do this, you will see how Islamic love will grow.
I have many things to say with you. I have many things to say with you. I also have many things to say with you. I also have many things to say with you.
Dear God, place religious teachers among the things you believe.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on these dear youth and those dear religious scholars - in Kermanshah and in Kermanshah - as effective teachers.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy on all of us.
May the magnanimous Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) approve of us.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir The Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir
In a statement issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution appointed Dr. Abdul-ali Asgari to be the new chairman of the Islamic Republic of Iran's radio and television organization (IRIB).
The following is the full text of the statement issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dr. Abdel-ali Ali Asghari (God added his victory)
On the occasion, Mr. Mohammad Sarafraz expressed his appreciation for the efforts made by the Revolution and expressed his feelings that should not be forgotten. On the occasion, Mr. Mohammad Sarafraz expressed his appreciation for his re-appearance and re-appearance as the leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
What I should tell you is in my letter to Mr Sarafraz when I appointed him.
Therefore, I would like to emphasize the importance of organizing, preserving and training the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
I pray to Allah the Exalted to help you in this work.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Urdebehesht 22, 1395
May 11, 2016)
Leader's Speech to the Memorial of Imam Khomeini's 24-year-old death - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on Tuesday, June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on the occasion of the 24-year anniversary of Imam Khomeini's death.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted.
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving us another opportunity and a few more years to reverence our magnanimous Imam on this occasion and to express our love for him.
Although Imam Khomeini has always been mentioned in the hearts of our people, the 14th of Khordad is a manifestation of the Iranian nation's love for Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
Today is the anniversary of the martyrdom of his great-grandfather, Imam Musa ibn Ja'far (a.s.).
This year is in line with the 50th anniversary of the momentous event of the 15th of Khordad of the year 1342.
The 15th of Khordad is a very important and determined day.
Before I go to the original point, I have to talk about it personally.
The 15th of Khordad is not the beginning of the great movement of teachers and people.
Before the 15th of Khordad, there were some important events that took place in the year 1341 and early 1342.
For example, the events at the Persian seminary took place on February 2, 1342, which led to the massacre and debilitating of religious scholars and the execution of the commander-in-law, Ayatollah Golpaygan.
Meanwhile, at the end of the year 1341, the issue of public protests in Tehran's market has also been defeated by Ayatollah Hajj Sayyid Ahmad Khunsari, the archbishop.
All of this shows that the movement of the clergy in the year 1341 and early 1342 reached a high level by the extensive use of the police and police officers of the oppressive state on the clergy and students and even the clergy did not escape.
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important occasion.
Therefore, what happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342, is an indication of the relationship between people and teachers at that very dangerous time.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) delivered a special discourse at the Islamic seminary on the 13th of Khordad on the day of Ashura last year.
Later, security forces captured Imam (r.a.) on the 15th of Khordad, in Tehran and in Kum and other cities. The Dagutu regime used all its power, military, police, and other civilian security forces to shout the people. On the 15th of Khordad, there was a popular movement.
The point is that such a commitment is to promote this movement and lead it to success.
Whenever there is a movement that is supported by people and accompanied by them, this movement will continue.
But if people do not enter a disapproved movement, they will not succeed.
As was true of the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
When people enter the arena and support a movement, all the thought and power of the people will be accompanied by it, this movement will continue to exist and succeed.
This is what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
As a result of the people in Tehran and other cities who heard the news, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was arrested, the case that forced the government to enter with all its power and power over the people.
The streets of Tehran are filled with the blood of faithful servants of God and jealous youth.
On the 15th of Khordad, the dictatorial regime and the ungodly heart of satanic reign were openly manifested.
Another issue in the issue of the 15th of Khordad - which should be observed by our dear youth and our dear people - is that during the massacre of people in Tehran and other cities, there were no national and international centers who called themselves human rights organizations.
The people and the teachers remained alone in the arena.
Those who claim to be nationalistic - who claim to support the resistance of the government - also criticize this movement. They say that this is a blind and purposeless movement.
When the pioneers fail to find themselves out in the battlefield, they will immediately criticize the faithful people who are fighting with the presumptuousness of their ideals and their presumptuousness.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The Imam Khome
The Imam (r.a.) had three things he believed in - namely, determination, courage and determination. These three things are faith in God, faith in the power of the people and faith in you.
The Imam (r.a.) was speaking from the heart, and the people answered his call with all their belongings.
They entered the arena and stood firm.
They led this movement, which has no supporters in the world, to victory.
Now let me explain three of the beliefs that the Imam (r.a.) had.
These are important things that if we understand, they will enlighten our path.
Regarding the faith of God, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was a symbol of the statement: "When people said to them: 'So, people have gathered together for you, so be afraid of them.
These words strengthened their faith, and they said: “God is our Grand Provider.” [The Holy Quran, 2: 173].
He acted in behalf of God, spoke and acted on the ground and said: "If you help God, he will help you." [The Holy Quran, 47: 7] This is the divine promise, which is sure to be fulfilled.
In terms of faith, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) understands the Iranian nation with all the meaning of this word.
The Imam (r.a.) believed that this nation is a faithful, discreet and courageous nation. If there is a proper leader, it will be able to manifest itself in all areas like the light of the sun.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that if the Iranian nation had at one time been humiliated by the unwholesome people such as Shahid Sultan Hussein, the Iranian nation had at one time been humiliated by the brave people like Nadeer Kali - who did not have the titles of the Imam Khomeini - who led the Iranian nation through all courage, our nation could manifest itself from Delhi to the Black Sea.
He recognized the Iranian nation and trusted in it.
He revealed their religious envy in the way that the Iranian nation became an example of firm determination and insight.
The people are the most attached to the Imam and the enemies of the people are the greatest.
This is why you think that the Imam (r.a.) did not give up in the arena of resistance to the arrogant powers because the colonial powers became opponents of the people, and Imam (r.a.) viewed the opposers as enemies of the people.
On the issue of self-confidence, the Imam (r.a.) taught the Iranian nation that we are really able to do so.
He revealed his power to the world. On the day of Ashura 1342, despite the pressures, the Imam (r.a.) appeared before Qom students and the people of the Islamic seminary, and he threatened him that if you continue to do what you are doing, I will tell the people to expel you from Iran.
He was a clergyman in Qom, who had no weapons, money or support for international assistance.
It is faith in God and your trust in him that will prove to be in this regard.
The same is true of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) when he returned from exile.
The Imam (r.a.) trusted in his own strength.
By Allah's favor, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) sent his approval to the people.
Some believe this. One of the most powerful weapons that the enemies have made in order to establish their power over other nations is to make them feel that they are “unable to be able to do nothing”, so that people can be disappointed and say nothing we can do.
They thus fed the Iranian nation for many years in political, scientific, economic and other areas of life.
He told the Iranian nation that ‘You really can’t do it.
He revived us with courage, restored us with firm stand for the right position, restored us with confidence and self-confidence.
We have made progress. That is why the Iranian nation has been successful in all areas during the past 30 years.
The beliefs and beliefs of the Imam (r.a.) - namely, faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence - are the basis of all his positions, actions and policies.
At the beginning of this struggle, these three beliefs gave power to the Imam (r.a.).
The same was true of him when he was forced to go to Paris. The same was true of him when he returned to Iran.
These three things gave Imam Khomeini the strength to return to Tehran in the same situation.
The following is the full text of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) re-appearance, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) re-appearance and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) re-appearance.
These three things are the basis of Imam Khomeini's position and all that he is doing.
Until the end of his life, no one has seen any signs of weakness, tiredness, or doubts that we find difficult in the words and deeds of the Imam of the Age (r.a.).
Many of the world's revolutionary powers have been exposed to doubts about what they are doing every year.
You are sometimes returning from the chain even the words they spoke earlier.
However, the Imam of the Age (r.a.) said that his speech at the end of his life was even greater than his speech in the year 1342.
He is old, but his heart is youthful, his spirit is alive.
This is the stand mentioned in the Holy Quran, saying: "If they were firmly established on the road, we would actually drink a lot of water" [The Holy Quran, 72: 16].
In another verse, he said, "The same is true of those who say, 'Our Lord is the true God, and then they are right and angelic descendants upon them, 'Don't be afraid and do not give up, and declare the good news of Paradise with which you have been promised." [The Holy Quran, 41: 30] These three beliefs are the ones who submit to Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - and they make sure of his thinking and ways towards this nation, and they gradually make sure of the hope of our nation, our youth and different sectors.
The Iranian nation changed its power, and Allah the Exalted changed their situation: "God does not change what he is for the people until they change what he is for their hearts."
The Iranian nation has adjusted its path and path, and Allah the Exalted has supported and supported them.
What was the result?
There are many things that our youth should know about the dependence of the satanic Pahlavi regime — which was worse than that of the time of the Kajar regime — did with England and the United States.
This trust has proved to be embarrassing.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, one of the most prominent American diplomats said and wrote: "We are telling him what he needs and what he does not need."
They are telling him that you should have a relationship, and you should have a relationship.
Why not sell to anyone? Why not sell to anyone? Why not sell to anyone?
Such a country, which is dependent on others, will be transformed into a free and glorious country.
The country is ruled by corrupt leaders, traitors, moneyworshippers and materialistic desires, but they are replaced by representatives of the nation.
They were replaced by officials and elections.
For the past 30 years, the governments of the country and the governments of the country's economic and political affairs have been representatives of the nation.
They did not pay back their pocket (for the sake of the stealing of the nation) at the night of their throne - some were more important than others were - that is a very important point.
These corrupt politicians in front of the enemies and their wrath on the people have made themselves representatives of the people. This country, which has grown in the arena of knowledge, has been transformed into a country that is prosperous in the arena of knowledge.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, we did not have any success and progress in the scientific arena of the country.
Is this a little thing?
The world’s media estimates that in the coming years – up to 2017 – Iran will reach the fourth level of education in the world.
Is this a little thing?
We are a country in which, if we want to build a road, a large street, a water mill or a particular company, we should use our hands to others, in order that the engineers from outside may come to build it for us, to build a road and a particular company.
Today the youth of this nation, without any negligence, are building thousands of companies, mines, roads, and houses in the country.
Should we shut our eyes on all these things?
In the arena of health and medical care, in order to have a minor illness or surgery, our patients should go to European hospitals, if they have a coin, if they do not have it, then they should die.
Today, there are more complicated operations in Tehran than many other cities in Tehran.
The Iranian nation does not need foreigners in this regard.
We have achieved the role of self-reliance in this important area.
Several parts of the country were abandoned at that time.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, I visited many of the cities and villages of the country.
Today, different services are being carried out throughout the country, in remote and remote areas.
Today nobody can say that there is no electricity outside the country or that there is no electricity outside the country as an example.
During that time before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, there were 35,000 students in the country.
Today the number of students has doubled, but the number of university students has doubled twice, up to 30 times.
The number of university students represents the number of teachers and universities.
In each remote town, there is one university, two, five, or even ten.
At that time, there was a state in which the number of high school studies was limited.
Today in this state, there are universities in every city.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation through the Revolution and the zeal of our youth and officials.
These are important things.
Thanks to the Revolution, important and fundamental activities have been carried out in the country. Thousands of companies have been created in the country.
The goods that we used to bring from foreign countries in the past, but today many of them are produced in the country.
These things should be considered.
These things have been achieved by the faith of the Imam (r.a.) in the hearts of the people of the country - namely, faith in God, faith in mankind and self-confidence.
This is not to say, we are saying these things for the sake of self-sacrifice.
No, there is still much work in front of us.
I would like to tell you that if we liken ourselves to the time of taghut, we can see such a victory clearly. But if we liken ourselves to the kind of country that Islam wants us to see, the kind of country that Islam wants us to see, the kind of nation in which there is worldly dignity, the kind of people in which there is worldly pride, the kind of people in which there is godly faith, the kind of people in which there is godly fear and godly devotion, the kind of people in which there is great distinction between us.
I hope this is so that our great nation and our brave people should know that this path will be achieved through the three faiths.
They know that there is a long way to come, but you can, you can, you can and you can.
You can pursue this long path down to the peaks where it is expected to reach.
I would like to say these words so that you know that the enemy's efforts are based on enmity.
The road map is in front of us.
We have a road map.
What is our road map?
The teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are clear. The teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are clear. The teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are clear. The teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are clear.
This is a mistake. This is a mistake.
The road map was with Imam (r.a.) and he introduced it to us.
Regarding foreign policy, the teachings of the Imam (r.a.) are the following: standing firm against the neutrality of colonial governments, establishing brotherhood with Muslim nations, establishing relations with all countries of the world, except countries that have lifted their swords against the Iranian nation, fighting Zionism, fighting for the liberation of Palestine, supporting the oppressed world and standing firm before the oppressors.
The Imam (r.a.) is with us.
In the arena of culture, the teachings of the Imam (r.a.) are the following: the abstaining from western moral and social customs, the abstaining from religious hypocrisy, the support of Islamic morality and judgments, the fight against corruption and reviling in society.
In the economic arena, the teachings of the Imam (r.a.) are: trust in the economy of the country, trust in the economy of the country, trust in the economy of the country, trust in the economy of the country, trust in the production and distribution.
The teaching of the Imam (r.a.) also requires that we refrain from accepting the degradation of the world’s economic system and that we should safeguard our independence in the country’s economic system.
The Iranian nation can minimize its risk by using this map, resisting faith and commemorating its glorious Imam (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can make progress.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will continue to follow the path that has been followed during the past 30 years. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will become a model for other Muslim nations.
But the issue of elections is the issue that is happening now.
Dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian people!
The following is the full text of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
It is our duty, our shoulder, to get involved in the future of our country.
The Iranian nation has this responsibility.
The same is true of people. The same is true of the people. The same is true of the people. The same is true of the people.
Today it is a sign of your confidence, for everyone who throws his vote into the election box feels that it is necessary to make a donation to determine the future of the country.
This is a very important point.
Therefore, elections are a sign of God's approval, a sign of people's approval and a sign of your approval.
Any vote that you hold against any of the candidates - the eight people in the arena - is not against the Islamic Republic.
A vote for any of these candidates should not be a vote for the Islamic Republic. A vote for the Islamic Republic should not be a vote for the Islamic Republic.
He is in the arena of elections. He is in the arena of elections. He is in the arena of elections. He is in the arena of elections. He is in the arena of elections. He is in the arena of elections.
The second stage is the issue of not being defeated by you, this brother, this sister, this sister, this sister, this sister, this sister, this sister, this sister, this sister and this person.
Our enemies, the foolish, are thinking about how they can make this election a threat to the Islamic Republic, and the elections are a great opportunity for the Islamic Republic.
Their goal is either to conduct elections unacceptablely, to get the opportunity of the people to interfere with the Islamic system. Or to create a fitna during the elections, as in 2009.
This is what the enemies of this nation want to see.
But they do not know our nation. The enemies of this nation have forgotten Dey's 9th anniversary - when the Iranian nation came to support the Islamic Republic after the presidential elections. The people who think that the majority of the people of the country are opposing the Islamic Republic have forgotten that some 34 years each year on Bahman's 22nd anniversary, millions of people are coming to different cities in order to support the Islamic Republic.
In order to reduce the rise of this election, they have organized some scholars to speak through these media.
Sometimes they say that elections are organized, at times they say that there is no freedom in elections, at times they say that elections are unjust in the eyes of the public.
No, they do not know our people, nor do they know our elections, nor do they know the Islamic Republic.
Is that true in intellectual countries?
In intellectual countries, only if you are not a member of the two or three parties and you do not have the support of intellectuals, their company and their close associates, you can fight for elections.
There are people who do not have the support of the Zionists, who do not have the support of the mercenaries who suffer the blood of the nations of the world, and whatever they do, they cannot enter the arena of elections.
They have no media with them, nor do they have TV stations to distribute their programs to them.
Therefore, it is another type of money they spend spending their plans for a minute.
In our country, contenders will be given hours to deliver their information to the people without being killed or killed.
Where is this situation happening throughout the world?
The only thing that has power in the arena of elections is law.
Some may enter the arena of elections by law and others may not enter.
The Law determined which goals were intended to be fulfilled.
All of this is done by law.
These enemies sit on one side and shut their sights on all these things. They say things. Unfortunately, as I said, some ungodly people continue to emphasize the things they say.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will respond to these people by their presence and by their determination, and the reaction will be crushing.
I would like to mention a few points to the contenders. During the campaign, the honorable contenders criticized some governmental plans. This is their responsibility.
They may insist on what they think is wrong, but they should be determined to do what is right and they should be determined to do what is right.
They should pay attention to this issue. I do not have any contenders. From now on international media because of opposition and hate speech will say: "I am the best of the contenders.
I would like to call the brothers who want to attract the attention of the people to re-appearance, to be fair in speaking.
They say, but they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say, they say
Devotion should not denote the faulty acts of the past.
Now everyone who has taken the lead in the country does not need to start working from the start, for thousands of great achievements have been made.
Over the years, many construction projects have been carried out during different governments.
These should not be neglected.
All these things should not be done just to face economic and economic problems. All these things should not be ignored.
But if we have any solution to these problems, we should not deny all the things that have been done today.
The same is true of promises that cannot be fulfilled.
I would like to congratulate all contenders on what they would not be embarrassed if in the following year, the recordings of their speeches were brought to them.
You promise that if you are introduced to them in the future, you will not be able to control and try to blame the enemy for the enemy.
Promise what you can do.
In our country, according to our constitution, the president has great power.
The power of the president in the constitution is a great power.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution is the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The hands of the president of the country are among different things.
The only limit he has is the legal limit.
It is only the law that limits it, and it is not the same.
It is a law that is well-prepared, not misleading.
People who speak to people today should tell them what they can and what people need.
If they have any plans and plans, they should tell the people, they should promise to do their utmost in implementing these policies and they should promise to use all the power that the law has given them to carry out this great responsibility.
Some have mistaken reasoning that we should give in to the enemy so as to reduce their anger against us.
They are making the goals of the people more than the goals of the country. This is a mistake.
The enemy's anger originates with your presence, with the presence of the Islamic Republic, with the presence of the Imam (r.a.) in the hearts and minds of the people of the country, with the presence of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) on the 14th of Khordad, with the presence of the Iranian nation from all parts of the country.
This is the reason for their anger.
If our nation is firm and strong, if it limits its needs, if it solves its problems, if today the issue of economy is first, if it has the opportunity to strengthen its economy, the enemy will not be able to do anything in the presence of the Iranian nation.
Of course, what is important is determination, faith in God, acknowledgment of the power of the people and acknowledgment of the people - whether in the arena of competition or in the arena of fair society.
Dear brothers, these ten days are a stage of great trials. I hope Allah the Exalted will bring about the great trials of the people during these great trials.
‘There is no tactic or power except by Allah the Exalted.
Leader’s Speech to European and North American Youths - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
To All Young People in Europe and North America
The recent events in France and similar events in some Western countries made me feel wise to speak to you directly.
I am speaking to you dear youth, not because I dishonor your parents, but because you are the great tomorrow, the future of your nation and your country. And because I feel that your hearts are filled with search for the truth.
I am not speaking to the politicians and officials of your government, but I am convinced that they willingly and knowingly removed their politics from the path of truth.
Speaking to you is against Islam, especially against what you are being presented as Islam.
During the past 20 years - since the collapse of the Soviet Union - a great effort has been made to identify this great religion as a great fear.
Unfortunately, such a fear-inspiring situation is one of the most fear-inspiring events in the history of western countries.
Therefore, I do not want to speak about the frightening and frightening speech that has been imposed on the hearts of the western nations.
As you go back to history, you will see that new historians have criticized the injustice and justice of western governments against nations and world traditions.
The history of Europe and America has grown shameful because of human worship, colonialism and oppression by non-Christian and non-Christian people.
The scholars and teachers of your history are embarrassed by the shedding of blood in the name of religion among Catholic and Protestant followers or by the name of ethnic and ethnic groups in one and two world events.
Rather, I want to ask your scholars why the conscience of western nations has always been awakened after decades or even centuries of delay.
Why is the conscience of people dependent on what has been happening in history for aeons rather than on what is happening now?
Why are people shunned from understanding such important issues as the methods of Islamic culture and thinking?
You yourself know that the mistreatment, enmity, and fear of the people of the country are part of the arena that has been shared in creating all such oppression and harmful use of the people.
I would like to ask you why the old policy of terror, Islam and Muslims has been restored.
Why does the world's governing system hold Islamic thinking ahead?
What are some things that are involved in the idea and teachings of Islam that will be the foundation for the political and political systems of the world, and what can they do to destroy the face of Islam?
Therefore, the first requirement is to ask and analyze the reason for this great effort to defend Islam.
The second requirement is that in response to this great propaganda against the name of Islam, you should try to understand this Islamic religion clearly and clearly.
A healthy mental attitude condemns the obligation to know the truth of what is intimidated by you and to avoid it. I am not saying that you should recognize and understand any Islamic concept, but I am saying that you should not be ignored by this fact which influences the world of today in order to a wrong goal.
Do not hypocritically introduce you and the terrorists under their control as an Islamic representative.
You should recognize Islam from its origin.
You should know Islam through the Holy Quran and the life of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I would like to ask you, Have you ever read the Holy Quran directly?
Have you ever read the teachings of the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.).
Are you aware of the Islamic message from a different source, not from the media?
Have you ever asked yourself how this Islamic Revolution was formed and, according to some teachings, has the opportunity to become the greatest culture, scientific progress and intellectual progress of the world and has educated the greatest scholars and intellectuals of the world?
I urge you not to allow evil politics and foolishness to distract you from the truth, eliminate the possibility of evil in righteousness from you.
Now that social media has robbed the border walls, do not let you be robbed of the robbed border walls.
Although there is no human on the basis of it, any one of you can create the basis for reasoning and righteousness on the basis of it.
Although the challenge between Islam and you youth is a real challenge, it can create new questions in your hearts that seek to know the truth.
Efforts in finding the answers to these questions will provide you with opportunities to identify new facts.
Therefore, do not let this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam be distracted by you. Therefore, it is possible that by means of your feelings of responsibility, the nations that come will record the history of this kind of dealings between the western countries and Islam without suffering.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader Meets Dr.Ahmadinejad as Members of the Islamic Republic of Iran - Khamenei.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution appointed the former President of the Islamic Republic, Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, a member of the Assembly of Experts.
The following is the full text of the statement issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (God added his help)
Considering the valuable achievements you have made as President of the Islamic Republic for eight years and the experience you have experienced in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in Mashhad on the first day of the year 1393.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted.
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving me another opportunity to meet with you dear people, dear youth, dear people of Mashhad and dear brothers and sisters in the holy place of Abul Hassan Ali bin Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) and we have the blessing of the new year by staying under the shadow of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) shrine.
I would like to congratulate all Iranian people on the occasion of Norouz and the arrival of the new year. I hope that this year will be a happy and happy year and will be a source of knowledge and reverential fear of Allah the Exalted.
There are other topics that I would like to discuss myself during this meeting with you dear brothers and sisters.
The first point is to look at what has happened to us, our nation and our country and what has affected us in the world and the region.
One reason why we should talk about the events of the year 1390 - especially the achievements of the Iranian nation in this year - is that the Iranian nation has been planned by the enemies of the Iranian nation.
The arrogant, mild-tempered and powerful leaders of our region and their mercenaries - all their power, money, propaganda, and political power - used to intimidate and destroy the Iranian nation.
Anyone who ignores the propaganda of the Iranian nation can publicly see the efforts of the Iranian nation, the efforts of the Iranian nation, the efforts of the Iranian nation, the efforts of the Iranian nation, the efforts of the Iranian nation, the efforts of the Iranian nation, the efforts of the Iranian nation, the efforts of the Iranian nation, the efforts of the Iranian nation, the efforts of the Iranian nation and the efforts of the Iranian nation.
The Islamic Revolution has given us the power to say that we should not be able to do anything from the heart of the people.
They made every effort to this goal. The year that she introduced was the year that they made a lot of effort to this goal.
I would like everyone to realize that in spite of their hopes for the Iranian nation to continue its path, their progress and their resistance, the Iranian nation has given it to all the people, including the enemies, insight and confidence that we will be able to do it.
On the other hand, the Iranian nation has been able to make sure that the Iranian nation has used its power and that the Iranian nation has been able to make sure that the Iranian nation has not been able to do so.
It is not that we have weaknesses, we have weaknesses, but we have weaknesses, we have weaknesses, we have weaknesses, we have achieved more than weaknesses.
We referred to the year 1390 as "The Year of Economic Affairs", and this year, we referred to the year 1390 as "The Year of Economic Affairs".
The achievements of the officials in the arena of economy and the unity of the people during the past year are commendable.
One of the points that can be mentioned in this regard is that this policy is based on governmental support.
Of all economic experts, whether in the past governments or in this government, they have agreed that the implementation of this policy is necessary in the country.
But the government and the parliament in the last year, in the case of a sanctional situation which is more difficult than ever before, made efforts to fulfill this work, and a significant part of the project has been implemented.
The work is not finished, but what has been done by government officials - whether in the government or in the parliament - and they have been supported by the people - has been achieved victories and a great and honorable achievement has been carried out.
All of us have heard them, but we should think seriously about them. This is a great work.
One of the goals of this arrangement is to distribute governmental support to society in a fair manner.
In a speech, I explained that this kind of support was previously distributed among different parts of the society in a way that is unfair.
I have a good report from different parts of the country that shows that this has a positive effect on improving the lives of disadvantaged people among society.
This is one of the goals of this arrangement and is the most important purpose of the implementation of this law.
Another goal is to improve the production system and the economic system of the country.
According to the statistics of economic experts - all of whom have shared in this regard - this process can be adjusted by implementing the arrangement for the purpose of the support provided.
Another objective is the proper use of the energy.
Since we are a country that God has blessed with oil, we are accustomed to using oil, gas, and gas without notice.
The way we use these blessings is highly valued by a number of countries in the world - more than all other countries in the world.
If this arrangement had not yet been implemented, the amount of oil used in the country would have doubled the amount of oil used in the country.
When we do not produce the necessary oil in our home, what should we do?
We should import oil from the outside, that is to say, the Iranian nation should be mercenaries and mercenaries.
But as a result of this work, we have been able to collect oil. The oil that is used in the country is almost equivalent to what is produced. Therefore, we need not import oil.
This was the work that was done in the year 1390 B.C.E. It was just when our enemies imposed restrictions on us to destroy our nation.
But the youth of our nation are zealous and through their efforts they have succeeded in dealing with the machinations of the enemies.
One of the most important achievements that was carried out in the past year, as a result of public zeal, was the achievement in the arena of knowledge and technology.
Education and technology are one of the sources of economic stability and stability.
When a nation acquires knowledge that continues to develop in modern times, it will acquire wealth and political power.
Because of the importance of scientific advancement and technology, I am giving this important point.
I would like to tell you that the advances that have been made in the country are far beyond what has been announced in the country.
According to the report published by the approved international educational institutions - not by our educational institutions - today the fastest educational progress in the world is what is taking place in Iran.
In the year 1390, which corresponds to the year 2011 millennium, the report of the world's educational institutions issued in 2011 - which was about three months later - the Iranian nation made greater scientific progress than it did in 2010 and its progress was about 20 percent. What does this mean?
It was just when the enemies of the Iranian nation overcame the Iranian nation and said that we have imposed crushing sanctions on the Iranian nation, but the Iranian nation succeeds in carrying out this work.
Today in their reports - that is to say, the worldwide report of approved educational institutions - Iran is the first in the field of scientific progress and the seventh in the world.
This is a report by some people who, if they had the opportunity to issue a report because they did, they were saying it. In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural technology. In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural technology. In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural technology.
This twenty-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three
It is necessary to supply weapons to our reference center in Tehran because the weapons available in Tehran are almost paralyzed.
They set certain principles to give us the uranium that we should send the uranium that we had passed to foreign countries, but we refused.
Brazilian and Turkish officials came to sit with our president, discuss and signed a treaty.
But after the signed agreement, the Americans disregarded it. They do not want to sign it, they want to get more, they want to use the power and the pressure to obtain it.
As a result of the failure of the Americans, the Brazilian and Turkish governments are disappointed. This is the case with an abduction of 20 per cent of Uranium.
Last year they produced up to 20 percent of Uranium for the benefit of Tehran's nuclear system and announced it to the world. Our enemies were troubled and unable to do it.
Although they know that Tehran's center is for medical assistance - that is to say, for the needs of the sick, for research, and for thousands of sick people who need it - they refuse to sell it.
Our youth immediately formed it.
It was a difficult and confusing task, but it was done so and there are many different products in Tehran's base and the domestic weapons.
This was the case in the year 1390.
When the uranium exchange was raised in the country, they were saying that you should give to Russia three-and-a-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-hal
That event took place in the year 1390.
The number of drug addictions six times, the number of exports and the number of public services produced in the year 1389.
These are part of the achievements that have been made in the year of the Economic Revolution."
These are scientific, technological and scientific progress, but all of them have a direct influence on the economy of the country.
By the end of the year 1390 - that is to say, the last week - I was assigned to the oil industry research center.
I have seen many advances in different fields of knowledge, which can be seen in other areas. Therefore, one can say that these advances have not been made only in this area. There are certain things that have not been realized before our nation or in our dream.
First of all, the spirit and thinking of jihad are within the hearts of those who are doing this work.
These scholars promote their activities with the spirit of jihad. Like those who engage in jihad, they are in the arena of jihad for God.
There is a difference between people who are working for the sake of money, prominence, prominence or personal education and those who are working as jihad for God.
This is very valuable.
The second point is that our scholars have transformed the restrictions that have been imposed on our nation into an opportunity.
During this hour's ban, some people said to me that we really thank God for imposing the ban on us.
This spirit feels that the sanctions that the enemy has imposed on us as an opportunity are valuable and important.
The third characteristic that I saw in that area was the kind of self-confidence that existed.
Some sectors of the industry are limited to three countries. They do not allow anyone to acquire such skills.
Through the years, our country needs to be trained in this regard.
But when I saw that our dear people were zealous, they said that we can.
This agreement between a nation and other intellectuals and youth of a nation is very valuable.
Another characteristic of belonging to youth is trust.
Because the work is in the hands of the youth.
Youths are a source of light and innovation.
Another characteristic is the relationship between industries and universities. I have long hoped.
I have always advised the officials of different sectors related to the previous governments to try to establish relations between industries and universities.
Fortunately, I saw that such a relationship was guaranteed in that area.
Of course this will involve everything in our industries and universities. This will help us to make progress in our education and in our industries.
This is the case in the year 1390. From its beginning to its end the enemies have raised strong roots. At times they are threatening, at times they are under political pressure, and at times they are under ban.
Meanwhile, the mercenaries of the U.S. government are trying to implement this sanction in their minds to inflict harm on the Iranian nation and create confusion between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
There were other major achievements in the year 1390 and there were other forms of diplomacy that affected the events taking place in the region in the year 1390.
The presence of the Islamic Awakening, the Palestinian Assembly, the Armed Forces, the international international convention and the Islamic Awakening youth - all of these are the activities that have been carried out in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic has become a center to which the eyes of the world of Islam have turned to, which they have awakened.
In the arena of economic service, thousands of homes have been built for the public.
This is a great and important figure. Houses were built in villages, streets and high streets were built.
These are the things that have been created in these years that promote justice.
Despite the machinations of the enemies and their evil intentions, this nation has stood firm and has made such progress.
Of course, the elections have not yet been completed. I hope the people will rise up during the second round of the elections.
This election is very important.
I would like to tell you, I used to say, it was about six months (a.s.) that they were doing all they could to kill the people so that they could not come out.
At times, they say that there will be an uprising. At other times, they say that if the people refuse to participate, the opposition of the enemies against the Iranian nation will diminish. They have carried out various forms of propaganda to prevent people from participating in elections.
On one occasion, by murdering our scholars - which in less than six months, they carried out the same three-month terrorist movement - their aim was to intimidate our people and kill them.
During the last decade, the number of people in the parliamentary and parliamentary Assembly (a.s.) was less than 40 percent.
This is the case with the Iranian nation. This is the case with the Iranian nation. This is the case with the Iranian nation.
The 12th of Esfand is a great day for the people and the Islamic Republic, but it is a great day for the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
This election is a source of truth and power.
They have been spreading disinformation about the events in Iran, disinformation about Iran and disinformation about the realities, but these elections cannot be denied.
This was the case in the eyes of the people.
This election is like a powerful news platform that has been able to reveal the realities of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to other nations of the world.
This is what happened in the year 1390 and the year when the enemies used their power to exploit the Iranian nation.
These are some of the achievements of the Iranian nation in the year 1390.
Since the nuclear issue was introduced, the enemy has been aware of it.
Of course they know and say that Iran does not want to develop nuclear weapons.
We do not want to create nuclear weapons. We do not want to create nuclear weapons. We do not want to create nuclear weapons. We do not want to create nuclear weapons. We do not want to create nuclear weapons. We do not want to create nuclear weapons. We do not want to create nuclear weapons.
What is the essence of the issue?
The main point is the determination of the Islamic Republic to protect the natural resources of the country.
Today and tomorrow - like the resistance of economic and political powers and the scientific and military powers - they are dependent on fuel.
For the next few decades, it will be necessary to make gases. This is a thing that everyone believes.
The arrogant powers know that their lives are dependent on oil and gas.
If they fail to obtain this priceless oil, they will have to rise up and give up their pressures to care for their needs. This day will be disastrous for them. On the one hand, the western countries are faced with problems in the arena of good things and they are faced with problems every day.
The oil supply of oil and other European and Western countries in general will be completed for four years, some six years and nine years, so they must take advantage of the benefits of other countries.
The U.S. government that has set up an estimated 30 billion gallons of oil on the basis of our scholars’ calculations - which depends on the calculations and figures of the U.S. export - will end in 2021, which is nine years to come.
At that time, they will rely on the oil that comes from the Persian Gulf, more than half of the world’s oil comes from this region.
At that time, they will rely on the three oil reefs of our region and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. One of these is Iran.
Of all countries in the world - not just the Persian Gulf - the country with its highest oil and gas is the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Some countries are more than our own, while others are more than our own.
There are three countries ahead of us, and there are three countries ahead of us, and there are three countries ahead of us, and there are three countries ahead of us, and there are three countries ahead of us, and there are three countries ahead of us, and there are three countries ahead of us.
This is a source of attention for the countries that use oil, for the arrogant powers, whose whole life depends on fuel, fuel, and gas.
But the Islamic Republic of Iran - according to the blessings that have been discovered today - has been oiled for up to 70 years. This is very serious.
A country with oil and gas such as these, what do the arrogant powers want?
They want this country to be under the influence of a government and a system that will be like some other countries in the region. These countries have oil and many, but they are like a vessel in the hands of the Americans. They say to them how much oil you should pay, they say to them that there is no problem. They say that there is no problem.
If Iran, the source of oil and gas oil, has established a system with an indigenous government that has stood firm in order to protect this wealth, refuses to distribute this treasure and refuses to compromise its neutrality towards the enemy's policies, they will be opposed to this system.
People who think that if we give up on the issue of nuclear power, America will end its enmity to us, they have forgotten this fact.
Their problem is not nuclear.
There are nations that have nuclear weapons, and they are also in our region, but they do not care about them.
Therefore, the issue is not about nuclear weapons or their production, nor is it about human rights.
The problem is the Islamic Republic which has stood before them like a lion.
If the Islamic Republic had been prepared to deceive its people like other countries in the region, it would have been difficult for them to do so.
The issue is their presumptuousness. This is the reason for their opposition to the Iranian nation.
Of course the Americans are making mistakes.
It is a serious mistake to think that by means of enmity and threats, they will be able to force the Islamic Republic to shrink back, or they will be able to remove the Islamic Republic from the scene.
Western nations do not allow their nations to recognize the natural disasters that they may face in the arena of divine blessings.
They do not want their nations to understand what is in store for their oil and energy. They do not want to tell their nations about these things.
They think that by showing enmity towards the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation will be able to sustain its progress.
I would like to tell you dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian people, that the United States, with all its power and all its movements after its attacks and conflicts, today are in a weak and weak state.
I do not want to establish excuses, confidential information, or other outstanding information. What I say is something that is obviously about two and a half accounts.
You can see that the current president of the United States has taken the lead as a result of his "threatening" strategy.
What does it mean to change?
I want to change this situation. I want to change this situation.
If such a slogan entered the arena, people refused to criticize him for this slogan, otherwise, the American nation, confined to racial prejudice, was not prepared to criticize anybody, but they refused to criticize him for their wishes.
The influence of the Revolution on the part of the Americans is a manifestation of their bad behavior. That is to say, the U.S. situation in the face of the Revolution, as the Americans themselves claimed, was a dangerous situation and he promised a change for them.
Therefore, it is recognized to be a dangerous situation.
I don’t want to say this, the Americans themselves have said that their situation is worse.
Well, this man has taken up the throne, has produced the change?
Has he been able to change this dangerous situation?
This debt is equal or valuable in the production of domestic products.
This is a serious problem for a country.
This is their political situation: they were forced to leave Iraq without achievement. In Afghanistan, their situation is almost every day.
In Muslim countries, in Egypt, in northern Africa and in Tunisia, American identity has gone down in their eyes.
After all, there is Wall Street movement in the United States.
Is this a good situation?
Therefore, America is in a difficult position.
The United States may have threatened certain countries.
There I would like to announce that we do not have nuclear weapons, we will never develop nuclear weapons, but to protect ourselves from any enemy attack against us - whether the United States or the Zionist regime - we will respond in a similar way to the attack by the enemy.
The Holy Quran promises us: "There are those who have turned their backs on you and those who have turned their backs on you and those who have turned their backs on you and those who have turned their backs on you and those who have turned their backs on you and those who have turned their backs on you.
The path of Allah, which is past six years, will not change for the path of Allah (s.w.a.).
None of the Holy Quran say that if you start fighting, you will be successful. You may be successful, you may be defeated - just as in the early days of Islam, when Muslims attacked, they have defeated and they have defeated somewhere.
But Allah has promised that when the enemies attack you, they will not be defeated.
This should not be viewed as an issue involving the beginning of Islam. No, "The path of God that is set before this and you will not replace the path of God" is a divine name.
The Iranian nation is determined with all goodness and does not intend to attack any other person. But it is related to its personality, belongings and position, Islam, and the Islamic Republic with all its power.
That is to say, when you become consumers of domestic products, you are helping the Iranian laborers, you are helping the Iranian nation to invest and make progress.
This unfavorable culture - which may seem to be accompanied by other parts of our society - is harmful to our world, harmful to our progress and future.
Each of us is responsible for supporting domestic production.
Today the officials have a fund in their hands, and they can use it to strengthen domestic production.
The same is true of society - whether it is intellectual or active - that needs to cooperate in order to manage it.
You should be searching for and using domestic products.
It is not a mistake to think that we are superior to foreign products, inside our home, in our seats, in our daily needs, and in our domestic production. Often our domestic products are superior to those in the country.
I have heard that some of the products that are produced in certain cities of the country are going to identify foreign companies and are returned.
It is possible that if they were sold here, the buyer would not want them, but because they had the French sign in their case, he had to buy the clothes, the box, or the clothes that were made here.
The domestic production is very important.
In the arena of production, the most important part of the work is in the hands of the people. This is one aspect of improving the method used by the country's blessings two years ago in order to call the Iranian nation to him and another aspect of the economic jihad I spoke about last year.
Dear brothers and sisters throughout the country, today we need cooperation and cooperation.
There are many causes of discord and divisions.
Sometimes in one case, there is a different viewpoint, but this should not be a cause for disagreement.
Sometimes this person has this point of view and another person has a different point of view should not be a source of discord.
The Holy Quran reads us: “ Stop arguing until your heights are weakened and your heights are weakened.” [The Holy Quran, 8: 46] If we have argued in various issues - political, economic and social issues - we will be drawn to one another, our enemies will have the power to fight.
The influence of our enemies over the years has been the result of the divisions that have arisen among us.
The Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) is teaching us, saying: "The one who searches for the truth but fails is not the same as the one who searches for the truth and finds it."
If an opposer is interested in the truth, he is interested in the Islamic Republic, he is interested in the Islamic Revolution and he is interested in religion and Allah the Exalted, he is wrong.
He is different from a person who is familiar with the Islamic system and who is opposed to the Islamic system.
Dear God, bestow Your affairs on one another. Unfortunately, the modern media and the media have allowed people to speak abusively about one another.
The basis of the issue is that we should feel that we should be exemplary in Islamic values. We should respect the law.
However, these words should not be viewed as something that some people should try to accuse and accuse our revolutionary youth of insulting speech.
I would like to advise all the faithful youth of the country as my children. I would like to advise all the faithful youth of the country as my children. I would like to advise all the faithful youth who are proud of the Islamic Revolution.
Everyone should respect the law.
The Islamic Revolution is part of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the Iranian officials.
The government has dignified the divided parliament and the parliament has dignified the divided government and the president of the country.
This does not mean that all of them should have different thoughts and feelings.
I hope that the year 1391 will be a year of enthusiasm, effort and success for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.) and thanks to Muhammad (s.w.a.).
Dear God, defeat the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, bring this great nation to its future. You should make the heart of the Imam of the Age acceptable to us, and you should put us in his prayers.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the city of Mashhad on the first day of the year 1392.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Allah's grace be upon Siddikatut Tahira Fatima, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) daughter, and Allah's grace be upon her, her father, her husband and her children.
I would like to extend my greetings to all dear brothers and sisters who have attended this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will prepare our hearts and tongues for his blessings.
It is good to me that every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year, every year.
Dear brothers and sisters, you should know that as the Iranian nation, we do not always pay attention to our issues, we do not pay attention to our actions, we do not pay attention to our issues and we do.
There are other nations that benefit from our experience. They look forward to the Iranian nation's situation and they rejoice over any achievements.
When we are victorious, they feel that they are victorious, and when we are victorious, they feel bitter and sad.
In the same way, there are other people in the world who give attention to our actions, but they are contrary to our original identity.
They are hypocrites against the Iranian nation.
They are the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important.
The Islamic Revolution has come and has broken their hands.
Therefore, they oppose the Revolution's Guards Corps and the Revolution's Guards Corps.
Therefore, we are under the influence of a huge number of humanity.
Therefore, when we look at our past and future projects, we should have a realistic and realistic view of ourselves.
When some of our people look at the situation in the country, they do not see anything except the weaknesses.
There is nothing they see except the price of goods, the reduction of domestic products in certain sectors and the pressure of the enemy numbers.
I have a different view.
When I look at the situation of our country and our nation, I think that it is a challenging arena, and the Iranian nation has won the arena despite the enmity of the enemies.
There are no doubt the weaknesses and problems that exist in the country.
The disadvantaged woman, who formerly belonged to the secretary of state of affairs of the U.S.A. She said that we want to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic.
They openly say this. I will explain what they have done and where they have done it in the future.
Therefore, in the face of the challenge of the Iranian nation and its enemies, the enemy's enmity and enmity are one aspect of the enemy's enmity, and in the face of the enemy's enmity, the enemy's enmity and great achievements are an indication of the talents and abilities of the Iranian nation.
When a person looks at this arena, it is like a sports arena in which there is effort and experience, but only one champion will win the race and the other people will respect it.
The victories of this great arena are the Iranian nation.
Anyone who peers into this arena and carefully examines it will show mercy to the Iranian nation, just as we now hear the sounds of such mercy from the nations of the world, including the opponents of the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, university scholars and other people who know where the world is moving and who look at the scene and who are deeply grateful to the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to pay attention to all these efforts throughout the country and to the results of these efforts.
Who are these people?
I will later learn more about this.
The enemies who do not hope to see the progress of the Iranian nation in all areas have two basic strategies: First, they will do as much as they can to see that the Iranian nation has not made such progress.
They will do so by imposing sanctions, by means of threats, by interfering with government officials and other non-Witness activities, by curbing the thinking and intellectual and intellectual capacities of the Iranian nation. Second, they will deny and deny the advances of the Iranian nation.
In his speech, the president of the United States referred to the economic problems of Iran. He referred to the achievements of the country.
He said that the dignity of the Iranian nation has highlighted, and there are economic problems here and there.
However, he did not mention the good achievements of the country and the great achievements of the Iranian nation. Thirty years have passed since we have faced these challenges - which I will later clarify the achievements of the past thirty years - and they have not done anything to prevent the country from moving ahead under the shadow of the Islamic Ummah.
The year 1391 was one of the years when our enemies were so busy with their resistance.
They say we want to corrupt the Iranian nation by imposing sanctions on them.
If the Islamic Republic stands firm and progressively, its identity will be disappeared.
If they are not able to do so, they should not try to this by means of their media and propaganda.
Today these two activities are carried out independently of a child: trying to prevent it, by means of pressures, threats, restrictions, and so forth, and by means of their propaganda propaganda, by humiliating the achievements that have been achieved and protecting the problems.
We say there are enemies.
Who are these enemies?
What is the foundation of the Iranian nation's ideas?
The answer to this question is not difficult.
Today, it is thirty-five years when the name of “the enemy” is spoken, the hearts and minds of the Iranian nation are returning to the US government.
American officials should know that during the past 30 years, the Iranian nation has seen certain things that they have made from the time that the enemy has been named, their hearts immediately turn to the United States.
This is an important point that every government that wants to live with dignity in the world should pay attention to this issue and learn its own lessons.
They are the foundation of these machinations and enmity.
Of course there are other enemies, but we do not see them as the first enemy.
The Zionists were enemies of the Iranian nation, but the Zionist regime did not rank the enemies of the Iranian nation.
The officials of the Zionist regime sometimes threatened us and threatened us with military attacks. But as I think, they also know, if they did not know, they would know that if they were attacked, the Islamic Republic would crush "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" with its oil.
The corrupt British government also opposes the Iranian nation.
England is one of the oldest enemies of the Iranian nation, but the British government is an American mercenary.
The British government itself has no independence. After all, it is considered an independent enemy. It is an American mercenary.
There are other governments that show enmity.
I would like to announce that in recent years the French officials have demonstrated their enmity towards the Iranian nation.
A shrewd person, especially a shrewd person who knows what is right, should not turn a shrewd person into an enemy.
We have no problem with the government and France, and we have no problem with them throughout history. But this policy has erred in the enmity of the Iranian nation which had begun in the days of Sarkozy and the progressive government has continued in this regard.
This is a mistake from our viewpoint and a lack of reason and thinking ability.
During their speech, the Americans were saying that they are ‘ nations of the world’ and that they have named certain countries as ‘ nations of the world’ — the United States, their Zionist mercenaries, the British government and other other governments.
The world is not opposed to Iran and the Islamic Ummah. We should know that since the beginning of the year 1391 the Americans have launched their new scheme.
Since the beginning of the year 1391 they have imposed severe sanctions on the Iranian nation - oil sanctions, banks on banks and banks between banks between the Islamic Republic and other countries - have done much in this arena.
They showed opposition and enmity, but they hoped that the Iranian nation would not recognize that they are enemies.
In the past few years, Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) said in the first-century speech that you should be careful that your expressions of affection and affection should not be disrupted in society and that you want to be friendly, but in the meantime you are harmful.
The U.S. government has appointed a number of special people to speak to the world's markets, to move to these countries, and to speak to the corporation leaders in order to see that they have not established any economic and commercial relationship with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
They should also denounce them if they conclude a bond of gold and oil with the Islamic Republic.
They started this work since the beginning of 1391, especially since the month of Mordad, where they intensified their persecution.
I would do well to say — even in the past few months — that the Americans express their feelings and say that I am convinced that the sanctions have influenced. Of course, it is not to say that the sanctions have not influenced, if they want to be happy, they want to be happy.
Our economy has faced the problem of relying on oil.
We should put our economy apart from our dependence on oil. Our governments should put this in their plans.
Seven to eighteen years ago, I told the government that they should make a plan to shut our oil shortages whenever we wanted.
At that time, some who called themselves “ artists” laughed and said that this was possible.
Of course, it is possible that it is necessary to move towards it. It is necessary to do something.
When a country's economic situation strikes in a particular area, the enemy will focus on this area.
Of course, restrictions have influenced, but they are not the kind of influences that the enemy wants.
The enemies of the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The governments should look at the Islamic Republic and not allow the Islamic Republic to exert itself in this region and in other parts of the world. They are defeated in this arena too.
This is the opposite of what they want to see.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps consists of two thirds of global powers. Leaders and officials of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps attended the Tehran Assembly.
All of them were merciful to the Iranian nation.
They told us this, and in their media interview, they all said this, and their nations all believe this after they returned home.
This is contrary to what the enemies of the Iranian nation expect.
They failed to influence.
In the arena of internal politics, the objective of the sanctions is to place doubts in the hearts of the Iranian nation on the basis of their course, to create discord between the nation and the Islamic Republic.
On the 22nd of Bahman, the Iranian nation handed the ground over to them by their appearances and expressions of appreciation for the Islamic system and the Islamic Revolution.
In the arena of security, they did everything they could to destroy the health of the country, and the government officials were able to shed light on these events in their media interviews.
In the political arena of the region, they also tried to eliminate the influence of the Islamic Republic.
In the political arena of the region, they themselves have proved that no regional problem can be solved without Iran's presence and approval.
In the case of the Zionist regime’s invasion to Gaza, the Zionist regime’s presence on the sidelines of the Islamic Revolution has caused the Zionists to be defeated by the Palestinian activists.
They did not say that if the Islamic Republic did not exist in its power, the Palestinians would not be able to stand firm in the presence of the nation of Israel, and ultimately they would not speak of the knees.
Because during the eight-day war, the Palestinians succeeded in defeating the forbidden nation of Israel.
I said their efforts were not to be influenced. They were influenced, but on the other hand, they brought us a great victory.
That is to say, the sanctions imposed on the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation.
Our youth have achieved achievements without the sanctions, and we have not achieved these achievements. In the arena of construction, which I will later explain, in the year 1391 we have made progress compared to the years before.
Many international developments have been carried out in the field of construction, in the field of weapons, in the field of refining oil, in the field of refining uranium, in the field of refining power centers, in the field of refining power centers, in the field of refining power centers, in the field of refining power centers, in the field of refining power centers, in the field of refining power centers, in the field of refining power centers.
In the year 1391, we made significant progress in the field of education.
In the arena of knowledge and technology, last year a great deal of work has been done to please the people who have believed in the best future for this nation.
That is to say, our dear youth and our dear scholars sent the Nahid human stars to the universe in this year, the living creation was sent to the universe by means of the Peshgam machine, and the modern-day airplane was built.
When this living creature was sent to the universe and brought back his life in perfect health, it was first denied by the world's scholars because it was a great surprise for them.
But after the truth was revealed to all people, they saw that they had no way to believe it.
In the health and medical field, there have been great achievements that have a bearing on the welfare of the people.
In the arena of creative knowledge, we are the only ones in the region.
There were great achievements, and there were other treatments.
All of this was done in the year that the Iranian nation was sentenced to deny good life and all human achievements.
This year, we have taken the lead in various important educational areas.
In the arena of scientific and technological competition, the country has made 30 percent of its growth compared to last year.
In 1391 the number of university students increased twenty-five times compared to the beginning of the Revolution.
That is to say, the number of our university students grew by twenty-five percent of the students who entered the university school last year.
These are the great victories of the Iranian nation.
In the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region, in the region and in the region.
All of this was achieved in the year the enemies of the Iranian nation made all they could to see the Iranian nation disappear.
There are many valuable lessons from the events of the year 1391 and the lesson is that any nation that is alive will never be threatened by the enemy's pressures and pressures.
She explained to us and to all who have focused on the issue of Iran that what is important for a nation is trusting in its power, trusting in Allah the Exalted, trusting in itself and not relying on the enemies.
This is what will sustain her.
The year 1391 was a stage of testing and testing.
Of course, we realize what weaknesses we have. This is the characteristic of the clay.
During the Sacred Defense Era, the Armed Forces recognized their weaknesses and weaknesses in order to overcome them.
We understand our weaknesses.
This weakness is based on our reliance on fuel and weakness - which I previously said is one of our weaknesses - the lack of political, economic, and social control.
The government officials - the officials who are now in positions of authority and the officials who will come after the presidential elections that will be held this year - should pay attention to this issue.
Another important point is that the foundation of the country's construction is a solid foundation.
When the foundation is strong, the machinations of the enemies will not exert a powerful influence.
If the esteemed officials of the country and such a powerful foundation recognize their responsibility and carry out their duties properly, they will be able to turn any threat back to another opportunity. Just as in the year 1391 we transferred the threat of the enemy to another opportunity to feed ourselves.
The effect of the actions of the officials and the people of the country in the year 1391.
Of course the economy is a very important point which has been discussed over the past few years, but the economy is not just a very important point. National security is important, human health is important, scientific advancement is important.
Because if knowledge progresses in the country, all the activities that will eventually become easier will be done.
National freedom and dignity are important. National independence is important. National independence is important. National independence is important. National independence is important. National independence is important.
In all these areas, we have made progress.
It is in the sense of security or in the sense of health, in the sense of national and national influence and in the sense of power and power to solve different problems that the country has faced.
Through these advances, our nation has proved that the failure to submit to the US government does not mean that we should go back. This is a very important point.
Today the United States wants to show the nations that if you want a better life and progress, you should be under our control.
The Iranian nation proved this to be a lie.
Our nation has acknowledged that the lack of trust in America and other global powers is not only a cause for disaster but also a cause for progress.
There are such countries that depend on the United States.
We have had this experience in the past 30 years. See how the Islamic Republic has achieved its role in the past 30 years.
Anyone who reads this will realize that the lack of trust in the world's prominent powers is an opportunity for a nation, not a threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation has taken advantage of this opportunity thanks to its power, power, courage, and knowledge.
In the past, we have done this at a time and we have seen its success.
One example of this is the issue of 20 percent of the energy needed by Tehran Research Center, where the country is producing the most important products.
At the time, we did not produce this weapon, and we used to import it from outside.
They should pay attention to this national need in order to force the Islamic Republic to accept their offerings and needs.
But even before the situation reached a position that could pose a problem for us, our youth and our scholars were able to produce 20 percent of the fuel that was strayed during the night to satisfy the needs of this center.
Our opposers never imagined that we could do this.
However, the officials of the Islamic Revolution recognized the needs of the Iranian nation in due time.
Just as they expected the Islamic Republic to come before them and to humble themselves in the face of the twenty-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three-three.
If the experts and our youth did not do this, today in the face of the people who oppose us, we should advise them to sell us the fuel or to demand medication and the necessities.
The officials of the country discovered this, and in time they realized it, they did what they should do.
Therefore, we have succeeded. This should be the government in all areas of the country. The Iranian governments, industries, farmers, business and contractors, scholars and organizers of scientific and technological systems should carry on this weighty responsibility, and it should be careful that before there is a need to prepare and surpass the enemy's efforts, they should carry on this weighty responsibility.
The topics they should write should be in this regard. If they should do scientific research, they should be in this regard.
If they are to manage industrial or scientific activities, all of them should be in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to work hard to build the country in a way that cannot be pressured and influenced by the enemies.
This is one of the main economic issues of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
In the economic situation of resistance, one of the most important groups is to make the economy the target of any threat.
The economy should be resisting threats. It should be capable of resisting any obstacles from the enemy's design.
This is the first issue that I should make known to you.
The second point is that the Americans regularly send messages to us in different ways, they ask us to discuss nuclear issues. They send messages to us, and they introduce them in their media.
The chief officials of the Central America, at different times, tell us that after the 5+1 nuclear negotiations, America and the Islamic Republic of Iran will sit at the nuclear table. I do not have any good hope for this negotiation.
Why?
Our experience shows that negotiating from the US perspective does not mean that we should sit in order to identify the right path and path. This is not the point of negotiating.
What they mean is that we should sit down and discuss so that you will agree with what we say.
Therefore, we have always announced that this is not a discussion. This is a duty, and Iran will never find it difficult for you.
I do not have a good idea of what they say, but I do not try to stop it.
But there are other points that I should clarify:
The first point is that the Americans regularly send messages to us, sometimes written and sometimes sent messages, saying that we do not intend to deny the Islamic Republic.
Our answer is that we are not concerned whether you are intent on destroying the Islamic system or not. After all, you should say that you are not intending to replace the Islamic system.
On that occasion, when you were determined to destroy the Islamic system and you were openly saying that you could not do anything, you could not do anything in the future too.
The second point is that the Americans are sending messages that we are really on the issue of the negotiations.
That is to say, we really want to communicate with you and we want to communicate with you carefully, not necessarily.
I tell them this: We have repeatedly told you that we do not want to create an armed weapon, but you say you do not want it.
Why should we agree with what you say?
When you are not prepared to accept an accurate statement, why should you agree with your statement which you have repeatedly confirmed the contradiction?
Our understanding of the American Convention is a scheme to mislead and mislead people, the people of the world and our country.
You should make sure that this is not the case.
Can you be sure?
In this meeting, I would like to announce that one of their methods is that they sometimes speak of the rumors that a few people from the Leader of the Islamic Revolution have been able to speak with the Americans.
This is propaganda, and it is a liar.
Until now, nobody in the Leader of the Islamic Revolution spoke to them.
The third point is that what we realize, as a result of our skill and vigilance, America does not want to end this nuclear negotiation.
If not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not, if not,
What Iran wants with regard to the issue of nuclear power is that the world recognizes its responsibility to eliminate Uranium, which is another responsibility.
The powers of the Iranian nation should acknowledge that the Iranian nation has the responsibility to export Uranium to promote peace in its own country.
This is a great hope. This is what we have always said. This is what they do not want.
They say we are concerned that you are going to develop nuclear weapons.
These are the people of other countries whom I referred to at the outset. They call themselves "the countries of the world".
They say that the "nations of the world" are in trouble.
No, the world is not troubled.
The majority of the countries of the world are supporting the Islamic Republic and our needs. They have done so because of the Iranian nation's sincere needs.
They recognize the responsibility of Iran to eliminate Urnium and to eliminate these concerns, they can apply the laws of the nuclear agency.
When we approach the way to address the problem, the Americans will immediately impose a document to prevent the way to address the problem.
Their objective, as we can understand, is that they want this situation to continue so that they can get what is under pressure.
These pressures, as they themselves say, are demeaning for the Iranian nation. They will not always be demeaning for the Iranian nation.
The fourth and final point in this issue is that if the Americans sincerely want to put an end to this issue, I will offer them a solution.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on a daily basis.
If they want to bring an end to our problems - as they say we want to be free of any problem between Iran and America - they will bring an end to their enmity.
For more than three decades, different American governments, the result of their misunderstanding of Iran and the people of the country, have planned to exploit the Iranian nation.
Since the first year of the victory of the Islamic Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic Republic, they have shown us enmity.
In the arena of security, they have organized organizational attacks against our security. They have carried out enmity and violent acts against our nation. They have supported our great and great enemies for many years. They have carried out economic attacks. They have used all their power to inflict harm on the Iranian nation.
Therefore, I call the US officials. If they are looking for the right path, the right path is to correct their policies, reform their activities, and end their opposition to the Iranian nation. This is the end of this issue.
There is another issue that I should discuss in a general way. It is the issue of the most important elections.
Elections in our country are a manifestation of political dynamism.
The Islamic Republic is a symbol of political dynamism. It is a symbol of the Islamic Republic's stability. It is a symbol of the Islamic Republic's stability.
Elections are a sign of national determination, a sign of Islamic democracy.
Therefore, considering the importance of the elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation have always tried to create fitna in the elections.
They have organized policies to prevent people from participating in elections, killing voters and decaying them.
Through the years that we conducted elections - whether the elections were parliamentary or presidential elections - our enemies have always tried to make the elections unfit. This is because of the importance of elections in the country.
I would like to mention a few points in the elections chapter. Of course two months have passed.
But now I will mention a few things.
First, the first issue in the elections chapter is that the presence of the people during the elections is very important.
The presence of the people during elections can dampen the threat of the enemies; it can cause the enemies to disrupt and strengthen the security of the country.
Our people throughout the country should know that their great presence during the elections will influence the future of the country, including security, freedom, national security, economic security, and all the important issues of the country.
This is the first point. By Allah's grace, by Allah's grace and by the Iranian nation, the elections will be an important election.
The second point is that all parties and groups who believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a responsibility for everyone and it is a responsibility for everyone.
Elections do not belong to one party or party with one political viewpoint.
All those who believe in the Islamic Republic's system and in the independence of the country and who give priority to the future of the country and the envy of the progress of the country should join this election.
Turning against elections is the right thing to do with those who oppose this system.
The third point is that the popular opinion and votes are determining the results of the elections.
You should conduct a self-examination of the candidates, consult with the people you approve of, so that you can identify the right person to vote.
I don’t have any more votes than one.
I, like the rest of the people, have only one vote, and before I threw it into the election box, no one knows to whom I will vote.
It is possible for the people who care for the election box to get a sense of writing and then to get a sense of voting.
If anyone makes such a statement, it is not true.
Of course, in these days, the fascinating media - such as the e-mail message and so forth - spread and spread speech to different people.
One person may send thousands of messages.
I was that it was possible during elections to send hundreds of millions of such messages.
Be careful not to be influenced by such things.
No matter which individual or political party is drawing the attention of other people to it, there is no problem with it. But in this regard, no one will hear anything from me.
Of course, people can consult and help one another to identify the right person.
The principle is, of course, the opinion and opinion of the people.
The fourth point is that in matters involving elections and non-election, everyone should reach the law.
The tragedy of the year 1388 - which afflicted the country and resulted in loss - was rooted in the lack of respect for the law of the people.
People's opinion may be accustomed to what I want, but I should respect it.
It is necessary to respect what the majority of society are saying.
These legal methods should be used.
It is one of the shortcomings that could not be filled with their losses.
This will be a lesson for the Iranian nation, and the Iranian nation will stand up against it.
The last point is that everyone should know that what we need from the future President is the good things that [the former leaders] have without any weakness.
Everybody should know that the president of the country should always have the good that the president of the country has, but not with his weaknesses.
Everyone has a measure of strength and a measure of weakness.
The leaders of the country - whether now or who will come in the future - have aspects of strength and weakness.
The future leader should have what is called a part of the power of the government and the present president of the country.
Of course, the governments we have, the governments that are coming and the governments that are going and the governments that are going and the governments that are going and the governments that are moving towards one another.
The people who are willing to enter the arena must enter the arena with all power, reliance on God and reliance on the power that this nation has.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on this nation.
Dear God, make the great soul of the Imam of the Age happy with all of us.
Dear God, make the life of Imam Khomeini and the spirit of our martyrs happy.
Dear God, make your statements your way and accept them due to your generosity.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of government officials and businessmen who discussed the economic situation in Iran.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to congratulate the dear brothers who are taking the lead in different areas of the country's economy.
On the other hand, today's meetings are a symbol of the importance that this system has given to economic matters in this highly important situation of the world, the region and the country.
We want that one day in Ramadan, a group of government officials, businessmen and other sectors should come to this area, sit down, listen to the hours they have, and be dismissed in the country to make sure that this system should give the economy and progress of the country and that the government - in the most important situation of the country - should work together and other people in this area for the reasons that I should think of the future.
This is the first point. It has been confirmed and it will be presented at this meeting.
This is a commendation to all - whether it is government officials in the economic sector, the economic sector and the people in all parts of the country who should pay similar attention to the economic sector today.
The second point that has been prepared for this meeting is that, thankfully, it is not possible for government officials to present a report on the realities of the country, the progress of the country and the progress of the country to reach the attention of the people.
I am not saying that there is always a lot of progress. Everyone knows what I think. I believe that it is necessary to analyze the achievements that have been made together with the enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous enormous in the country.
I would like to tell you that I am related to people. People do not know about these advances.
The things you have said in different parts of the world - which I have written in detail and which will be by Allah's favor - are often unrealistic.
Great achievements are being carried out in the country, and this is a source of pride to the Iranian nation.
It is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made fine progress in the field of production, in the field of service, in the field of agriculture, in the field of industry, in the field of education, and so forth.
It is good for people to feel this way from different and non-governmental officials. It is good for people to feel this way. It is good for people to feel this way.
It is good for all of us to understand that today the enemies of the Iranian nation's Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps are committed to killing the people.
What should be said should not be disappointing, hopeful, and zealous.
For example, we have made 40 percent progress and 60 percent progress and there are ways and opportunities to fulfill it.
First of all, we have named the year 1390 as the year of the Economic Revolution.
The policy of the arrogant powers is the weakening of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic on the economic scale.
The issue of nuclear sanctions is not the issue of nuclear sanctions.
You may recall that when they imposed a great sanction, which was the beginning of the sanction against the country, there was no nuclear speech in the country at the time.
Although it is not a serious sanction, it is still known as the "D'Amato" sanction - a sanction imposed by a man of this name in the U.S. Congress - that was a period of time when there was no nuclear statement at the time.
The purpose of the sanctions is to minimize the economy of Iran.
Of course, the Iranian nation has endured this sanction for 32 years.
Though the ban has been strengthened in recent years, the ban has become unprecedented as a result of the progress of different projects in the country. During the past 30 years, the ban has likely inflicted more restrictions on what we are now imposing and implementing as it promises to be added.
Therefore, it is necessary to prepare for it. It is necessary to identify our opponents, to identify the weapons and methods they use, and to prepare for them.
This calls for economic jihad.
It is not every movement called jihad.
A movement with some characteristics is called jihad.
The movement against such enmity-filled efforts is one of the main characteristics of jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
Therefore, economic jihad is a continuous movement that has controlled the Iranian nation's neutrality with the aim of destroying the enemy's enmity.
Another point is that in the preparation for national development - which is a very important preparation for national development - we have prepared a plan to feed the country for the future in important areas of life.
Of course other nations will not sit down and look at us as the first. They are moving ahead and they are trying to do their best.
Of course we do not use any of the methods that they use, and we will never use them.
Therefore, this issue requires jihad.
This effort should be strong and thoughtful so that we can reach that level first.
This issue reaches the first place, not that we are going to the first place. No, because the future of the nations today depends on this issue.
If a country in the arena of economic, scientific and scientific development fails to make sure of what it needs and progress, it will continue to be oppressed unkindly.
We do not want to be abused.
For two years our country has been victim of sickness and oppression.
The weakness of the unnatural kingship and the machinations of the enemies are the reasons for this oppression.
Since the early 1800 ’ s, British immigrants have been drawn to the political systems of the country and have been drawn closer to them from other European countries for that time.
It was about 1800 when the first British ambassador came to the country — from India — when the Indian government was at the hands of the British powers and the royal center was there — from the city of Bushehr when he descended from the boat, he began to bribe and buy people, and he quickly got the opportunity to buy other people.
All these sons of the king, the kings and so forth, immediately submitted to this man. The plots of the enemies began in this country. Those unconscious kings of that time allowed the enemies to speak and press on in this country.
We do not want this to happen.
The Islamic Revolution created a large shield of power in front of them.
We want this shield to become more powerful.
We should not allow them in any way to become discouraged in our economic, cultural, political, and national interests.
One of the sources of this domestic power is the economy.
This is why we should be in the first place.
It is not that Iran must be the first in the region. It is not that the future of this nation is dependent on it.
Therefore, it is necessary to carry out the duties and efforts of the youth in a pure and influential way, and it is necessary to use all the power and resources available in this country.
We have heard these things, and we see these things in the progress of the country during the Revolution.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, no one will believe that this will happen.
Today we see these things happening in front of our eyes, but we see these things happening in front of our eyes.
I would like to say that because of my knowledge of different parts of the country, there is no part of the country in which our youth will not be able to show themselves there and feed them if the arena is opened.
This is a very important point.
Our economic strength is also very important.
I have repeatedly said that comparing the status of our country with the status of our nation and the people of the world with the status of our country with the status of our country and the status of our country with the status of our country.
The vast majority of the country ’ s population is about a quarter of the world’s population, just as our country is about a quarter of the world’s population. Therefore, what is necessary is that we have a quarter of the world’s population, but in some cases we have a quarter of it.
These are important and valuable areas.
The issue of water shortages which is being discussed in the country is the same and the issue of water shortages which is being addressed in the country is the same and the issue of water shortages which is being discussed in the country and which is being discussed in the country.
Therefore, the country has truly many national blessings.
This is true both in our area and in the region.
We are a very important place.
Our neighborhood, the two seas and our relationship with the important region between the east and the west - between Asia and Europe - is an important part of the region. We have access to the west and the east.
These are good things for us.
In the meantime, as noted, we have defeated one of the fourths in the 20th year of the National Development Programme.
That is to say, a plan for four years has already been prepared. This year is the beginning of a fifth plan.
Of course, many projects have been carried out in the preparation for the past six years.
There are many important things that have been done, but there are certain things that have not been done and that must be done.
The policy declared in the arena of refining the benefits of the country, the general policy of the system, the general policy of the country and the policy of the 44th legislation - which was declared - is both systematic and systematic.
If we are able to implement these arrangements according to the arrangements, we will be able to benefit from these opportunities and blessings.
These policies can promote unity and promote economic progress.
Although some of the goals that have been planned for the past few decades have not been achieved, there are various reasons for not achieving these goals, including internal and external issues.
These things are not achieved in terms of achievement of 8 percent, reduction in employment, reduction in investments, or reduction in production prices - which I mentioned on that same day.
This is the case, which requires increased effort in this five-year arrangement so that we will have the opportunity to meet the priorities.
On the basis of this law, we should reevaluate governmental sovereignty and governmental economic activities.
It is intended to create a competitive economy with investors and investors in the arena of economy.
They estimate that the amount required to invest in the last five years amounted to $ 160 billion per year.
It is necessary to establish this.
In the framework of the 44th legislation, good achievements were carried out, but they were not achieved. The issue is not just that we should pay attention to the economic system, but we should pay attention to it. In addition to this, there are other achievements that must be carried out: it is necessary to strengthen the sector of business, it is necessary to provide good management and to be vigilant in the face of improper use.
There are always good things, but there are always bad things.
I have been speaking about the issue of fighting economic terrorists for many years.
When I presented the issue, some came to me and said that your frequent talk about economic terrorism would intimidate businessmen to enter the arena of economy.
I would like to say that the opposite is something that will enrich them.
If a businessman wants to obtain legal food and wants to conduct legal practices that are legally approved by the law, if he realizes that the government will not insult law-abiding citizens, this will strengthen his confidence.
We are opposed to the government’s advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates, the advocates and the advocates.
Fortunately, all or most of the economic ministers and government officials of the economic sector are present in this area.
I would like to tell you that you should pay attention to what you have heard and then think about what you have done and what you have done.
We should not let these things cease here.
Of course, although Mr. Tawakkuli cried out that we should not say what is bad, he said that when the decision was presented, it meant that he was not being carried out.
I would like to mention two or three points in this regard, one of which is addressing the governmental institutions and one of which is addressing the governmental institutions.
First of all, the issue of practical assistance is the issue of production. Production is the issue of economy. It is the issue of national economy.
Regarding the importance of the material needs of the government and the activities that have started in this arena, it is necessary to pay attention to the support of the sector of production.
Although some of the government officials whom we spoke were convinced that this 30 percent was not needed that night.
Per this is the case in some areas, but the issue of production needs the support of governmental institutions.
There are areas in which, whether directly or through some form of restriction, we should benefit from it.
Of course, the business sector also has a responsibility in this regard: the use of weapons, the use of weapons, the use of weapons, and the use of weapons.
Some of the government officials lamented that some of the companies did nothing to be seen in renewing their old engineers and they were using powerful weapons. They would not be able to use them if they were given a scheme.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue.
Of course, it is necessary to pay attention to the needs of the government in this regard.
Therefore, it is necessary to pay attention to the people whom I referred to - the people whom I referred to, the people whom I referred to, the people whom I referred to, the people whom I referred to, the people whom I referred to, the people whom I referred to, the people whom I referred to, the people whom I referred to, the people whom I referred to.
It is necessary to face this issue with all power so that sincere and sincere companies can manage their activities.
The next point is about import. The next point is about import, the next point is about import, the next point is about import, the next point is about import, the next point is about import.
No one is opposed to import, but import conditions should be organized.
The magazine so that we should not allow any time — as an example of the close of Eid — to lose a certain item in the market is not a major reason to increase the standard of import.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic production.
Of course, it is said that importing goods will help the domestic production. Even without importing goods from outside, domestic producers will not give priority to the goods and prices of goods.
I think this is not a powerful reason.
In the case of import, especially on agriculture and agriculture, the issue of importing is, in my view, a issue that requires more solid reasons than what we see today before it is accepted.
In the field of agriculture, we have good materials.
One of the teachers presented a report on the produce of vegetables.
Our country is one of the most prominent countries in the world.
We should increase our production.
We should export these agricultural and gardening products so that the world will see what is available in Iran. We should not import such products as Latin America and other such products.
The next point is about export.
Of course, the government has the responsibility to help the exporters.
Fortunately, as one of our brothers pointed out, our exports, which are not of oil, have made rapid progress. In the future they will make further progress. In the future we hope we will make the necessary progress by making good progress in our export and import standards.
We should be in a position to increase the value of oil production.
One of the greatest disasters facing our economy and the entire country’s global economy is the dependence on oil production.
In the past few years I said that although the government officials did not respond at that time, we should reach the position if one day because of the political and economic issues of the world, we decided to stop selling our oil for 15 days or a month.
Imagine something that will happen in the world.
Today we cannot do this because we need these measures.
The Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will have the same power as the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will have the same power as the Iranian nation will have.
This is what we should do. This is what we should do. This is what we should do. This is what we should do.
In this regard, the exporters themselves and their officials have a heavy responsibility. These countries, which have been mentioned that most of the products we export are imported to those countries, are told about the bad practices of some exporters, the unnecessary transportation of goods, the unnecessary transportation of goods, the postponed transportation of goods, all these things are evil.
There are companies in the world that have produced products for over 50 years and sold them to customers and continue to gain their approval.
For example, a German or Swiss company has produced and sold products for about 50 or 60 years and has now owned customers in our country as well as in other countries.
Why?
exporters should pay attention to these factors.
This is something that calls for a culture: culture and improved production for domestic and international benefit.
The issue of resistance to terrorism is also very important.
If this corrupt person does not have a corrupt person in the government to help him, he will not have the opportunity to make economic disasters worse.
Therefore, government officials have a responsibility to prevent economic corruption in government institutions.
For example, when you realize that a certain disease has become fertile in a cattlefield, there is no kindness and compassion for you to show. You know that if you have done so, it will not happen only to thousands of cattle.
The same is true of economic corruption.
If any member of the government has heard or noticed a sign of economic corruption - which I am speaking to government officials - you should not be disappointed.
Economic terrorism is one of the most dangerous and urgent diseases. Therefore, it is necessary to be careful about this.
One of the necessary things is to organize the full supply of food for the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition.
We need a complete policy in the face of unity.
As one of the brothers pointed out that the bank accounts and so forth can be used, this can be achieved under the shadow of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition.
The main point is to pay attention to the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of investments in the country.
That is to say, business sectors should know where to invest, everyone should know where to invest, not just some of them will benefit from this.
Those who have news will misuse this.
It is necessary to make information for everyone.
Of course in the previous governments, there was a lot of work in that government, but it was not enough.
It is necessary to increase our enthusiasm in this regard.
There are some things that I have written, but since the time of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) prayers is near, I will try to overcome them.
I hope Allah the Exalted will increase their enthusiasm and enthusiasm for the people who love the country, the Islamic Republic and the future of this nation.
The slogan of ‘Rubanna’ and ‘Rubanna’ that we introduced last year should be seen along with the issue of strengthening the economy.
I hope everyone will be more zealous.
The future of the country is a good future. The power and blessings of the country are many things.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, zeal and power in this country.
This country has the greatest opportunity to call it the second glorious country in the world.
Thro our history, our cultural heritage, the power of the people and the national blessings are all the things that they tell us about this.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in Mashhad on the first day of the year 1390.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, and salvation belongs to our Leader and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem-Mustafa Muhammad (s.w.a.) and to his holy Al-Mustafa (s.w.a.).
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for allowing me to live again and to appreciate the role that this blessed place plays. Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) was the first time of the year.
I would like to extend my congratulations to all the brothers and sisters who gathered in this area and to the great crowd, whether in this courtyard or in different places, the brothers and sisters who listen to the talk.
This assembly is indeed an example of the Iranian nation. On that day, our great people from many remote places assembled in the meeting of Abul Hassan al-Ridha (a.s.).
There are brothers and sisters from Mashhad.
I would like to congratulate everyone on this occasion.
The festival of Norouz is an honorable opportunity for all of us Iranian Muslims and Muslims of other countries who honor this festival in the religious and Islamic areas.
The Islamic view is that we should strive to benefit from every opportunity, every living situation, every achievement of human perfection, every achievement of the world and every achievement of the world. We, the Iranian nation, can use this opportunity to fulfill the responsibilities that Islam has commanded.
We should tell ourselves about the lofty goals of Islam.
In these days, it is an opportunity to make peace, to return to Allah the Exalted, to listen to the good words of others and to gather in religious places.
The fact is that during the decades especially during the establishment of the Islamic Republic of Iran, our people used the Norouz Eid to draw closer to Allah the Exalted.
The evidence is that when you look at the time of the arrival of the new year, you see that most people are gathered in places of worship, tourism, and tourism.
This means that the Iranian nation is trying to benefit from this symbol and religious rituals.
We are wise to imitate this example in all things, and we are wise to use Norouz's festival to enhance our knowledge, spirituality, religion, Islamic jurisprudence, and Islamic virtues.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow success on all of us, the Iranian nation.
Today, I will discuss three more issues during the occasion that Allah the Exalted has created.
The first point is about the events that took place in the year 1389, the year 1389 and the year 1389 which the Iranian nation and government officials took place in different ways. The second point is about the year which has begun today.
The third point is about what is happening in this region: the issues of the Middle East, the events in North Africa and the events in this Islamic region, according to the efforts of the enemies of the Islamic Ummah to curb the reality.
In the first case, I can say that the year 1389 - that is to say, the year of the Revolution and the year of the Revolution - has been observed throughout the year, and our people in different areas have revealed their sincerity and determination.
Although the outcome of this great effort and efforts will be evident in the future, the outcome of these efforts will be evident in the beginning of the year 1389, the outcome of the officials of the country and the outcome of the people with the help of their officials.
This can be seen in many areas.
First, let us focus on education and technology.
At the beginning of the year 1389, I was able to visit one of the most important industries of the country, and at the end of Esfand, I was able to visit another in the field of education and technology where my eyes saw the results of this one year's work.
The advances that have been made in the arena of knowledge and technology in the country today are far more important than what is being announced to the people. I will be able to tell you about this.
Since the past few years, this great educational movement has been launched in different areas, which is a source of great joy.
On one occasion, I used to read a well-reported message from a Nazirite who said: "The philosophy is a kingdom", that is, knowledge and knowledge are a source of power for a nation and a person.
Knowledge and technology have a similar characteristic.
Today the movement of the country in the arena of education and technology in many areas, especially in new areas, is clearly seen.
In various areas - in the fields of natural science, in the fields of natural science, in the fields of natural science, in the fields of natural science, in the fields of manufacture, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of technology and in the fields of technology - in the fields of nature, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of production, in the fields of self-discipline, in the fields of production, in the fields of oil, in the
As I said on the occasion of Norouz, different research centers in the world have said that in this regard your country is ahead of the vast majority of the countries in the world and that the progress in the country is closely linked to global neutrality.
There are two to three important issues in this issue of scientific advancement and technological advancement which I think I should explain myself.
The first point is that many of the experts who are taking the lead in this arena are young people.
The age of these scholars is 35 years - most of them young people - which should be dependent on these youths. Of course there are faithful older scholars who are taking the lead in this arena and who should strive to benefit from it.
The next point is that these great achievements are carried out by people with power and self-confidence. This is the greatest achievement.
The main element is human power. This is what our country has.
Our youth are determined to carry out this work, and they agree that all these efforts are the basis of the progress of the country.
The next point in the issue of scientific advancement is that the issue of education, technology, production and selling - which is truly important - is the issue that is being built up.
That is to say, education is being achieved, transformed into technology, produced and distributed to the markets of the world, which will bring material wealth to this country.
This transforms education into material wealth and satisfies the needs of the people.
Our esteemed people should know that all economic experts - whether their economic viewpoint is equal to that of the government or their economic viewpoint is equal to that of the government - believe that the purpose of the government is necessary and beneficial.
Introduction to this arena is a very difficult task, and the arena of action has not been created.
Thankfully, this work has already begun.
And the unity that exists between government and society in this work is indeed a good unity.
The movement of the people in this arena is a very good movement. The effect will gradually be seen, although its positive influence has already begun.
The main objective of this work is, first of all, the government’s fair distribution.
This is a great step taken in guaranteing social righteousness.
Another goal is to preserve good national resources, including water and weapons.
Two years ago, we named the year "The Year of Reduced Use of National Blessings"; old age, economies, and the avoidance of prodigals.
This is one of the ways we can improve the way we use the national blessings effectively. The effect has already been seen.
During the past few months, the government has been preparing for the use of nuclear weapons, which will benefit the country.
The extracurricularity, pursuits, shedding and polluting of wheat - which is a great blessing from God and which is produced through adversity - has been reduced to the level of moderation in its use.
This is one of the benefits that have been achieved, and by Allah's favor, the benefits will be seen in the future. Similarly, the transformation of the economy is one of the benefits.
The same is true of the achievements that promote unnecessary growth in the arena of economy.
Unfortunately, we have depended on oil for many years.
This is the case in our country. It is the case in our country. It is the case in our country. It is the case in our country. It is the case in our country.
I have said many years ago that one of my hopes was that one day we could manage this country without selling oil if the need arose.
Of course, it is not easy, it is a hard work.
Increase in non- Petroleum products is something that will draw us closer to our goal.
Great achievements were carried out in this regard in the year 1389.
The same is true of the fact that the government has wisely imposed sanctions on Iran by the western countries under the leadership of the United States and the closed obedience of certain European governments.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they have thought of increasing sanctions against Iran.
They themselves say in their accounts that this restriction will crush the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation in five to six months. This is their expectation.
They think that by means of this sanction, they will make the situation difficult for the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation in their own way to demonstrate their disapproval of the Islamic Republic. This is their goal.
A discreet action against this restriction was carried out in the way the enemy's head was removed.
The enemies failed to their goal by means of these restrictions.
Today the people of the west say that imposing sanctions on Iran is of no value.
This is one of the problems of our long-term work. We are a country with oil exports, but we are importing oil from outside.
They say that this is part of the weakness of the Islamic Republic. We should not allow oil to be imported.
As a result of their restrictions, our officials got into thinking. They made their efforts and we became unnecessary importers of oil.
This was what I heard from the mouths of these young scholars during my visit to the Esfand weekend.
They told me that we wanted to build this machine, we went out to find it, they told us that you were under restrictions, they were not going to give it to us. We realized that we had to create it for ourselves.
We returned home, thought, suffered, tried, and even made this machine without relying on foreigners.
According to the government’s report, in 1389 more than 1,600,000 copies were produced, and if this is so, more than 5,000 copies were produced according to the expected production.
In the arena of rural security, in the arena of city construction, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation.
This is in the economic sense.
In other areas, many achievements have been made, but we have only the time to pass them.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the fact that the year 1389 was a year of great enthusiasm and effort.
Of course the year 1389 has nothing to do with it. This year, the coming year, the coming decade, the year of vigilance and labor is a year of vigilance.
The Iranian nation and all government officials in every province must be vigilant and vigilant in order to reach the Iranian nation's destination.
However, from a scientific point of view, the issue of economy is far more important than anything else.
If our great country succeeds in economic progress, this great movement will be imminent in the future, it will undoubtedly influence the country, its advancement and the dignity of the Iranian nation.
What is important in this regard is that we make progress according to the standard set out in the five-year plans for the country: at least eight percent.
The great market will influence the power we have to use in the country properly.
Two years ago, during this new year’s talk, I spoke about the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue
People should understand these things.
I would like the officials of the country to tell people about the obligation to strengthen the economy of the country. I would like to tell them about the importance of increasing the economy of the country and reducing the frequency of access among the people.
This is not the way we want it. Islam does not want it.
They should do all they can and work hard to what is set out in this five-year process.
Reducing unemployment rates and increasing employment rates in the country are among the most important and fundamental issues.
Similarly, increasing investments by merchants and helping business sectors to invest in the international economy are among the most important and fundamental issues in this regard. One of the most important activities in this regard is the establishment of coalition companies that by means of coalition can create large stocks and establish large corporations.
It is necessary to establish a basis for laws.
This means supporting the progress of action.
Today, 90 percent of the water we have in the country is used in the field of agriculture.
Well, see what will happen if, by Allah's favor, the government will be able to restore the water supply, if 10 percent of this total is reduced.
In addition to the field of agriculture, in all other sectors - including the sector of domestic production, industry and other sectors that demand water - we use only 10 percent of the water that is produced in these sectors.
In fact, the value of water in areas where there is no agriculture will be doubled. This is a great and important point.
Introduction directly into economic matters is a must.
If we want to implement this great economic movement in the country in the year 1390, there are certain things that must be implemented.
I will introduce a list of these things.
First of all, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the beginning of the Revolution, our nation has progressed in the arena of jihad. We have seen this during the Sacred Defense Era, we have seen this in the arena of jihad and we have seen this in the arena of knowledge.
If we have the spirit of jihad in different areas - that is to say, working for God and working for the sake of a child - not just as a weight - our movement will surely continue.
Second, it is the strengthening of spirituality, faith and religious jealousy in society.
Everyone should know this. Putting religious jealousy in the country and in the youth will help the people in the affairs of the world.
It should not be expected that the influence of religious jealousy in the hearts of youths should be manifested only during the festivals or Friday night during Dua Kumail.
If the youth of a nation become religious, they will abstain from fornication. They will abstain from sexual immorality. They will abstain from the bad behavior of youth.
The same is true of the economy.
The power of the Islamic Revolution is a great role model.
The next requirement is not to be anxious about the things behind the scene. You see that there are always realities in this country. Everyone should be interested in these things.
This would be like an airplane with people who were traveling to a special destination, but if a small thing appeared to occupy it in the middle of the sun, it would be left on the road and sometimes even prevented it from traveling.
Therefore, the issue behind the arena should not be introduced into the arena.
Another requirement is to preserve unity and international recognition.
The unity that exists between people and government officials - that is to say, the people who love their officials and who support and cooperate with them and that is to say, the unity that exists between people and people - should continue to exist and be strengthened every day.
One of the greatest efforts of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to create internal divisions and differences. They are focused on ethnic, ethnic, political, social and other issues.
Fortunately, our nation is awake.
All those who love the country and love the religious democracy - which is a source of pride for the Iranian nation - should recognize one another.
The same should be true of government officials. They should try to see that even if there is a difference between them - which may at times be the case - they should not present it before the people, for this would disrupt national unity.
I would like to pay attention to government officials in this regard.
The most important issue of the world is to settle it through communication. These same issues are not important.
I would like to remind myself of this. Sometimes this is the name we have given to this year. You have only seen that the walls of Tehran and other cities have been filled with texts.
This is of no value.
Sometimes there is a lot of deaths, but what is the responsibility of this?
What I hope for the people and government officials is that they should pay attention to this slogan, accept it and try to see it proven.
There is no need for a lot of work to be done.
Of course, giving priority to the economy does not mean neglecting other aspects.
In other areas, especially in the arena of knowledge and technology, it is necessary to help these young scholars to be accepted and accepted in order to be able to perform great tasks.
The recent events - such as the events of Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - are very important.
A great change is taking place in the Islamic and Arab region. This is the symbol of Islamic Awakening.
There are two different characteristics in the history of the Islamic Republic: first is the issue of presence and second is the issue of religious faith and restoration.
These are two basic things.
The presence of the people on the scene is the same situation during the Islamic Revolution.
Organizations, parties, those sitting on the table and in large houses and audiences are unable to do anything.
The greatest art of our magnanimous Imam is that he has the opportunity to bring people into the arena.
Today, the same thing is happening in Arab countries.
In Egypt, or Tunisia, people have entered the arena of their own interests. Otherwise, the scholars and householders who live in large homes have always spoken the same way. They have often spoken the same way. They have often spoken the same way.
The people themselves entered the arena and their objectives were religious.
Those gathered are Friday prayers, party prayers, God's name, religious teachers, religious proclaimers and religious analysts in the country. When they entered the arena, people also entered the arena.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
Why did they come out?
In Egypt, Tunisia and other countries, these cruel rulers have abused people with their identity.
For example, the Egyptians think that their leader is doing the worst of all things in order to provide for the Zionist regime.
If Hosni Mubarak did not cooperate with the Zionist regime in the Gaza crisis, the Israelites would not be able to take action against the people of Gaza.
But Hosni Mubarak entered the arena, helped, shut the way in and out of Egypt.
When he learned that the people of Gaza were traveling underground, through camels to prevent them from doing so, he built a wall of 30 meters (45 meters) and entered it into the country to shut the way.
This is what Hosni Mubarak did.
The same can be seen in other countries.
As an example in Libya, despite the fact that in the first few years of his reign, Gaddafi showed the enmity and enmity of western powers, in recent years he has performed great services to western powers.
(The Libyan people) with their eyes witnessed that from the threat, he gathered all the capabilities and tools of his nuclear power, put them on the boat, sent them to the west, and asked you to take them away!
Take a look at the role of our nation, and they are in a position.
But the officials of our country do not just give up but, in spite of the enemy's interests, the plans are increased every year.
This insult can be seen in all these countries.
This is what is important to us.
After these events, although they did not understand, they did not know people, and they took decisive action against one another.
Of course, what has been seen from the United States regarding these countries and other countries is the support of the dictatorial leaders. They have proved to be Hosni Mubarak's guardians to the end as they could. But when they realized that they could not, they rejected him.
This is a lesson for America's dependent leaders to realize that from the time their interests remained and they had no advantage (to them) they would immediately cast them like a worthless foundation. They would never be concerned about them.
What happened to western countries and to the U.S. itself is very unacceptable.
The country of Egypt is one of the sources of the Middle American politics.
But they failed to safeguard this foundation to continue their use.
If people are vigilant, they will be able to eradicate this enticement and destroy this enticement.
The Americans have tried to see that since they lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunisia, they should try to defend their government.
By Allah's grace and power, America will continue to suffer defeat in this region.
After losing their people in these countries, they set before them two things that they wanted to: first is waiting for expectations and second is trying to create a similar situation in other places.
They were disappointed in this work.
The other is to illustrate this. The other is to illustrate what happened in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya in other countries.
The main hypocrisy is the claim of human rights.
They claim that we are supporters of the Iranian nation. They claim that they are opponents of the dictatorships. They claim that they are supporters of the Iranian nation.
They do not merely sympathize with other nations, nor do their nations sympathize with them.
The current president of the United States has used billions of dollars in the dangerous economic situation of the United States to revive the bank, to revive the weapons industry, to revive the oil industry.
It attracts people to preserving corporations, filling corporate debts, filling debts to bankers, and therefore they do not show compassion even to their nations.
Today the U.S. society is in economic straits and has no way out.
In addition to prisons, such as Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib of Iraq and other places where people are tortured in different locations.
People do not understand these things.
Did the U.S. President know what he was saying?
Does he really know the people behind the arena who are turning his politics, or does he fail to realize it?
He said that the people who live on Tehran's Azadi's website are the people who live on Egypt's free website.
It is true. Every year on Bahman, the people gathered on this independent website with the slogan "God curses America".
Regarding the events taking place in the region, the position of the Islamic Republic of Iran is clear.
Our position is to support the nations with their responsibilities.
This is the identity of the Islamic Republic. This is the identity of the Islamic Republic.
Our politics is this: our hearts are these, our wisdom and our speech are these, either by the people or by government officials.
There are two areas that should be considered here: first is Libya and second is Bahrain.
In the case of Libya, we are condemning the treatment of the Libyan government against the people, the massacre of the people, the bombs on cities and civilians, but we are condemning the invasion of the Americans, America and other western countries.
They claim that we have entered Libya to protect people or to attack the army. This is not acceptable.
If they are really supporters of the Libyan nation, if their hearts are rooted in the attitude of the Libyan people, then the Libyan nation has been bombed for a month.
If you want to help them, give them weapons, provide them with equipment, provide them with air-fighters.
Therefore, you have not come in to protect people. You are interested in oil in Libya and you are interested in reaffirming your position in Libya.
You want to find a place to establish your shoulders and use it to destroy future revolutionary governments in Egypt and Tunisia.
Your determination is disappointed.
The United Nations, which should be a ministerial servant of the nations, is, in fact, a weapon at the hands of those people.
This is a shame for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreign soldiers and the presence of westerners is not acceptable.
If you want to help the Libyan people, the way to help them is open. You can help the people, encourage them, and encourage the people of the country to solve the problem with Gaddafi themselves. Why did you come into the country?
Their main need is to conduct elections, each individual has one vote. Is this a great need?
There are elections in Bahrain, but in general the people are not responsible for voting, in the sense that they are not. They are being oppressed.
Well, westerners should use this opportunity so that they can interfere with the issue of the region by introducing something new - the issue of Shia and Sunni.
Because the Bahraini people are Shia and therefore nobody has the responsibility to support them.
Television broadcasts broadcast the events that are taking place in the region, but they are silent about the issue of Bahrain. They do not say what is happening about the bloodshed of the Bahraini people.
And some people from the Persian Gulf - whether politicians or journalists - came and proclaimed the issue of Bahrain as the issue of Shia and Sunni.
It is the disapproval of a nation and oppression against her. It is the same as the situation in Tunisia, the situation in Egypt, the situation in Libya, the situation in Yemen. There is no difference.
The Americans were happy that they succeeded in calling this issue a controversy between Shia and Sunni through their media and propaganda methods.
They say that the Iranian people are supporting the people of Bahrain for some reason.
We have supported all of them.
We have been supporting the Palestinian nation for 32 years. It is a country, a government, a nation that has supported the Iranian nation for 32 years.
Are the people of Palestine Shia?
Our young people went to the airport to get the opportunity to go to Gaza!
They are ready to go to Gaza and fight against Israel.
We urged them not to go.
Our people have expressed their support to the people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt and Tunisia, but they are not Shia.
Therefore, the issue is not Shia or Sunni.
False proclaimers try to present the issue of Bahrain as a Shia and Sunni issue.
Unfortunately, some people who seemed to have no wrong intention were to fight their traps.
If there is any hope of kindness in the matter, I tell them: The issue is not Shia and Sunni. This is a great service to the United States. This is a great service to the enemies of the Iranian nation, which identifies the great movement of independence of a nation as a Sunni and Sunni conflict.
There is no difference between Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
The movement of the Islamic Ummah and the pursuit of independence should be supported.
The great American foolishness is that they do not see the invasion of Bahrain and Saudi armed forces as an interference in the domestic affairs of the country. But when our marajan, our teachers, our loving-kindnesses said that you should not kill people, they said that you are fighting.
Is this interference in domestic affairs a country?
The fact that we have called a government to kill your people is the same thing, but the entry of foreign-speaking tanks on the streets of Bahrain is not the same thing. This is the great foolishness of the Americans and their mercenaries in the region, who say and promote it.
The Americans had thousands of miles away from the region.
Whoever does such a job makes a mistake.
What I would publicly say is that by Allah's favor, a new movement has taken place in the region.
As God has promised, this movement will definitely succeed.
The Iranian nation is proud and proud that it was the beginning of this movement and that it continued its resistance.
The youth who did not see the Revolution, but if they did not stand up like those youth, they did not fail.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy on this great nation.
Dear God, bestow Your dignity on the people of this nation and on Islam and Muslims every day.
Dear God, make the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) heart happy with us.
By Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by Muhammad (s.w.a.) and by Muhammad (s.w.a.).
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the officials of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted and to Allah the Exalted.
I hope Allah the Exalted will make this glorious month a blessing for all of you. I hope Allah the Exalted will make this glorious month a blessing for all of you.
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving us the opportunity to gather again in a year and to prepare this warm and enthusiastic meeting to discuss the important issues of the country and to listen to the words.
I have divided my words into three categories: First of all, it is a reminder that I am the greatest and most demanding servant of the country, and we hope we will be blessed by the blessed month of Ramadan. Second of all, it is a reminder that affects the country in general.
The last phase which, by Allah's favor, will consider is what is happening in our neighborhood and what is happening in this region.
Hajj Mirza Jawad Agha Maliki Tabrizi - the famous Master of the Lord and the philosopher of the philosophy - said in his book, ‘Al-Mabaturak: fasting is a divine gift that Allah the Exalted bestows upon his servants and believers.
He said that fasting is not a shoulder but a reverence, which requires thanksgiving for it." That is to say, the requirement of fasting which is a divine reverence for his servants is one that requires thanksgiving.
One of these or most important things, as he himself said, is that the greatest characteristic of all other characteristics is that this famine and thirst create a kind of light and feeling in the heart of a person, thus clearing the ground of thought which (s.w.a.) ‘ one hour of thought is better than one year of godly devotion' [The Holy Quran, S.w.a.).
This thinking is one of the kinds of thinking that turns to the mind and heart of a person who reveals the truth and sets the door to wisdom. It is necessary to think about our age.
The ages are the main interests of every person.
All good things are achieved through this life - that is to say, the hour of the days - which is a great blessing for everlasting life and Paradise for mankind.
Therefore, let us think about this life and the way the years go.
We should pay attention to the way the hours of our lives and the days and the nights go.
We have observed how life moves. ‘ Life is like snow that is smashing in the heat of the sun.
This share is gradually moving forward, and this generation is all things for us, all things for us, all things for us, all things for us.
Where do we use it, and how do we use it?
Reflecting on death, walking from this world, exposing the spirit of a person from his flesh and meeting with the angel of death is a time for each one of us. "Every soul is committed to death(2)" All of us will consider this.
What is our situation at that time?
Another phase of thinking is this prayer.
The contents of the prayers of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household are intriguing. The book of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household says: "The truth of the prayers of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
Therefore, these prayers are very important.
It is a sincere response to the people who heard, and it is a reminder to those who did not hear: the twenty-two prayers of the book of Sahfat al-Sajjadiya, the most famous of the prayers of the Imam of the Age (God's greetings be upon him).
Ayatollah Khamenei said, "By Allah's favor, make me appear in the appearance of Allah's (s.w.a.) servants, and clothe me in the appearance of God-fearing servants."
What does it mean to dress with me in the appearance of peaceful servants and God-fearing people?
Dear God, clothe me with the appearance of God-fearing people in other things: your first one is to establish "righteousness and righteousness." We have the opportunity to establish justice in society, justice in society, justice in society, righteousness in society, righteousness in society, righteousness in society, and equality in society.
The fear of God that is expected of us is one of the foundations of this fear of God.
When a person becomes an ordinary person (of course he does not have a social responsibility), your anger affects one of your brothers in religion or one of your family members or some of the officials in your work - it is a very good thing to sacrifice anger and forgive others (3.3)", and you are at the same time a official. Your actions, your actions, your actions and your actions are influential in the people. In such a situation, your anger is not the anger of a man who has no social responsibility.
When you are angry with a person or an organization and say something about it, the effect of your anger and anger on a person who has no responsibility to strike a person is not the same.
We should not take offense, we should not take offense.
Dear God, forgive us our sins and our failures in our affairs.
The fire of enmity.
All efforts should be made to destroy this fire.
The reason why we constantly exhort our brothers, government officials, people who have good speech, people who speak their speech in the country or to other parts of the country is that they should pay attention to their speech.
Sometimes we are not saying that it will not destroy the fire but that it will fuel it with increased energy.
We should not allow our actions, our actions, our actions, our speech, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions.
We should not separate people who are half-related to this system.
If there is a dispute between people, we should try to resolve it.
When a university has performed a lucrative job, try to explain it.
We have spoken a lot about this issue.
This is part of this prayer. It is about two or three issues, but now I have spoken about six of them.
May Allah the Exalted clothe us with the appearance of the faithful.
These are part of the fear of God.
This is the first point that I want to talk about.
Second, it is a general analysis of the situation in the country.
The report, which was presented by the esteemed president of the country, is one of the most important points in the report. I hope these points will reach the ears of everyone who knows what efforts, hardships, and services are being done.
I would like to explain one aspect of the situation in the country which is very important to us.
Why is it important?
First of all, it is important to identify the situation in the country and where we are, where we are and how we should go. It is important to identify the situation in the world. Today it is very important to identify the situation in the world.
First of all, the situation in the region is an unprecedented situation.
The awakening of Islam and the greatness of the region is something that has not been seen since the beginning of the Revolution until today.
If a nation like the Egyptian made such a great movement, rejected the government and resisted the Islamic movement and made such a threat to the Zionist regime as regards the conditions of the region, all these things are unattainable and all these things are unattainable.
This is the situation in which we find ourselves. This is the situation that sets a puzzling stage for the Islamic Republic.
The economic crisis that has caused the arrogant western governments is one of the greatest obstacles. It is one of the greatest obstacles that will not be passed by.
The feelings of westerners about the economic crisis that America and other western countries have faced and their concerns about their future are part of this issue.
The intellectual and political organizations in the archaeological archaeological archaeological archaeological archaeological archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological Archaeological
If ever since the end of the speech, I will shed more light on this issue, Allah's favor.
Another point is the unprecedented movement and the terrorist activities in Western countries, especially in Europe. Like the new Nazi and the new American archaeologists who were the pioneers of the former U.S. government, they openly express their view of transgression.
He later attacked two Muslim countries.
There are other things they want to do, but Allah the Exalted has not given them any opportunity to be defeated.
These are important things.
This event in Norway should not be considered just a simple event.
In such a situation, we should look at our situation and see what we are in.
If we do not look at this opportunity and if we do not work with it properly, and if we do not take advantage of this opportunity in the right time, we will be disappointed.
Sometimes ignoring an opportunity itself becomes a threat and it becomes a backwardness.
Therefore, it is not wrong to take a closer look at the events that are taking place in the country in this regard.
We have good things and we have bad things and we should pay attention to them.
The same is true of the media as well.
When someone says why you are saying this, they will say that you do not let us tell the truth.
We want to say yes, we want to say yes, we want to say yes, we want to say yes.
Every day, I checked from ten to twenty newspapers.
Some of these journals daily have some headlines of information that each of them is enough to touch the heart of a wounded person.
We do not accuse anyone, but this is a real mistake.
The same is true of jealousy.
It is necessary to pay attention to the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weaknesses of the weak.
It should be what the government can do and cannot do together.
Therefore, if we want to understand the realities of the country, we must keep weaknesses and weaknesses together.
Today I would like to present a brief explanation of this issue, but there is a need to take action in this regard.
These good things will show us the opportunity and the arena that we have in this country.
These areas of weakness will show us what we should pay attention and what we should do.
When we put these things together with one another, it becomes a brilliant path for us. We know what we should do.
I have written about five to six things that have been done in the Islamic Republic throughout the past 32 years, each time, every time, every time, every time, every time, every time, every time, every time.
The first point of the goodness and strength of the Islamic system which has been confirmed by the Islamic system is the success of the various threats. This is very important.
During the past 32 years, we have faced various threats — political threats, security threats, economic threats — and the goal of these threats is to destroy this system.
Of course they wanted to destroy this government, but since it was not easy for them, they wanted to interrupt the foreign system and feed the country behind.
This system has defeated all these threats.
Some of these things are organized directly by foreigners, such as the issue of the sanctions.
The country has been imposed sanctions for years, but in recent years they have increased sanctions and persecution, and they themselves say they are a debilitating sanction.
This restriction has sometimes been imposed on the basis of the United Nations (UNHCR) and on the basis of it.
These are the things that have to do with foreigners, and they are directly involved.
There are other threats that have resulted from domestic events. Although the enemies have used these things as an example of the ethnic groups of the country, this system has won all these things. Today different ethnic groups of the country are living with one another. And they feel that they are with this system.
I think this is one of the most powerful aspects of our power.
We should pay attention to this issue as we calculate the capacities of this system.
This system, without the support of the country and for the powerful materialistic enemies who have faced various threats during the past 32 years, has defeated all these threats. This is very important.
I think this is the first aspect of the power of this system.
Second, it is mutual trust between people and governments.