We are four months old and unprecedented old youth who are looking for an effort to make progress."
The President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the President of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
There are certain doubts about the fact that progress is possible and there is no doubt in this regard that the results of research are not satisfied with the fact that intellectuals enjoy progress on a daily basis.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 24, 2016 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students from across the country.
Daniels said, "My dear youth, I have asked them to do something that is very good. I have asked them to send their e-mails to their closest work and they have responded to them in a good way."
Later on, the company's chairman, Jamie Siminoff, announced that the company was not at the service of his physical treatment.
Yes, he built a fireplace for WiFi.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered in January 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei in a meeting in Shark Tank.
In the year 2017, Siminoff announced that the QVC would be a prominent television.
It established a bond between the company of security resistance, the company of ADT.
One-way tests showed that we can remove the effect of Ebola. Until now, no drugs were proven to match the remedy behind these quagmire.
If the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps or the Islamic Revolution
In the test of PALM, ZMapp played a role in terms of literacy and literacy, and it was used as a country in terms of triumph.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 14, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the Olympic and Paralympic Medalists.
I believe in the details of the USOC that our athletes and the Army can be the best of their athletes, and they can be the best of their athletes, and they can be the best of their athletes and athletes.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with police officials in charge of medical affairs.
Physical gymnastics of America and the USOC have a prominent goal - physical athletes and many other such athletes have become secure and dangerous so that athletes can play their role in a safe, enlightened and enlightened way.
During the 1960s, Brzezinski referred to John F. Kenedy as the prominent figure and representative of the Lyndon B. Johnson government.
He was appointed as the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution in 1976 and was appointed as the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution in 1977 and 1981.
He was a member of the NSA and helped Carter in the framework of foreign laws to take action in the affairs of the world, such as the Camp David Corps, 1978; the parallels between America and China and the 1970s; and the Revolution, which created a rowza for Iran; and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, 1979).
The movie "Ryan Gosling" and "Emma Stone" played a role in different sports.
Gosling and Stone participated in the holy ceremonies of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) bravery and courage.
During the hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj and hajj.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 26, 2011 by Lionsgate Studio, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on Sunday by President Donald Trump in a statement issued on the secretary of state.
The announcement was made after Mr. Trump met with the Turkish President, Recep Tayyip Erdogan.
And Turkey will take care of the collapse of the anti-ISIS camp which has been announced by the European countries.
This proved that not only did certain dinosaurs not have the right to do so, but it revealed the identity and identity of the monotheism as well as the system of defeat.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the effect of chemical weaponry is more than the effect of chemical weaponry.
It is clear that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should not have any control over the Islamic Revolution.
In front of the fantasies of the basiji dinosaurs and their discipline, which are called extravagant, but which have some other characteristics - such as righteousness and weakness - researchers achieved that one's characteristic was a revolutionary characteristic of these characteristics.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution stated that we are not using them for inflating the weight of inflating the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight of the weight.
Some research showed that although they gathered for gatherings, they showed that gatherings are not gatherings.
During the hajj, two police officials were killed and more than ten people were killed in a motorcycle bomb in Turkey.
The officials of the Islamic Revolution said that the members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should not be wounded.
They used to say that they are defending a terrorist attack namely, DAESH (ISIL).
They found that Labor Day is the same as the other taghuti taghuti taghuti taghuti taghuti taghuti taghuti taghuti taghuti.
It is used to refer to the role of Rossby, whose role is to raise children and raise children.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the role of Rossby and his role as the role of transforming power.
During his re-appearance, Iwasaki used to be in a difficult situation many times.
The sea brilliantly brilliantly brilliantly brilliantly in Tibet and in Nepal, and it was captured in India.
Labor rate 802.11n 2.4Ghz and 5.0Ghz
The standard will not be valid for the latter 802.11a, 802.11b and 802.11g if the standard has two radiations.
I used to install the 802.11n system at an advanced speed than 600Mbit/s.
The story of Duvall, which contains two great personalities, is not related to Miller.
He stood at the palace and said, "Mike used to say a lot of things about it, but she used to say nothing about it."
We will try to reduce the emissions of CO2 in every part of the GDP as an important step in the year 2020 and since the year 2005.
He did not say what he was doing in order to downsize the economy of the country.
He strengthened the influential countries, “those who want to tread the path of corruption first and foremost resistance from behind.”
He added: "Those who do not want to move forward should have a responsibility more than they want, and they should have the right time to do so."
Today, the IRIB announced its logic on the 12th of Aban.
It was misguided that there is no certainty that any action that will be carried out in Iraq will be able to remedy sectarian, rowza or insecurity.
The report was delivered on January 18, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei in a meeting with the United States and its national interests in the region.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the interests of the clergy in the region and said that the interests of the clergy in the region are not limited to the interests of the clergy.
Before the end of this year, it would be necessary to adopt a new plan for the flames of weapons in order to safeguard the interference of Iraq and establishment of a relationship with the flames of weapons.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 31, 2011 by Cristina Fernández de Kirchner, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with members of the Assembly of Experts.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 26, 2009 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the members of the Assembly of Experts.
Therefore, it is necessary to avoid chaos and anarchy. During the Sacred Defense Era's Sacred Defense Era's Sacred Defense Era's Sacred Defense Era's Sacred Defense Era's Sacred Defense Era's Sacred Defense Era's Sacred Defense Era's Sacred Defense Era.
Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and police officers - who are among the most pure-hearted people in the world - used to raise children and adolescents.
For example, there were millions of people in the country who used to go to the battlefields.
It is not possible to enter a parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliament.
In Rome, a wide-ranging television was established to give the people a good view of labor.
In other countries of Italy and in the world, in Poland, there were many other parts of the country.
Historical scientists blocked the interests of the American jurisprudent for the reason of being righteous and righteous in sports - in sports - so that they can show a majority of their achievements.
Ayatollah Khamenei issued a report on the issue of financial disruption in the year 1388, and it concluded that the FBI had ten officials in charge of the issue of financial disruption.
Robin Uthapa was one of the best athletes in cricket, won 70 medals in 41 medals only with 11 medals and won 2 medals.
Interviewer athletes such as Sachin Tendulkar and Rahul Dravid made many selfless efforts and they made many selfless efforts in the holy city of Qom.
Shortly before the victory of Indian pilgrims, there were only 36 pilgrims who failed 7 times in order to bring the end to the test.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 16, 2013 by President George W. Bush in a speech delivered to Nawwab in a speech delivered to Nawwab in a speech delivered to Nawwab in a speech delivered on November 16, 2013.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the prime minister of Foreign Affairs and affairs.
Shortly before his demise, Ayatollah Khamenei referred to a number of foreign trade mercenaries in Asia.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 25, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of members of the Assembly of Experts.
Leader Meets with Police Officials - Khamenei.ir The Leader Meets with Police Officials - Khamenei.ir Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Since the Assembly of Experts entered the office of Mersin's hospital in Devonport, Tasmania, the government and a number of members of the Assembly of Experts, these efforts were planned and prepared for the newly-drafted parliamentary elections.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the members of the Assembly of Experts.
Later on, there were tests that showed that sea flowers showed signs of tsunami. In fact, the signs of tsunami were proven near Pago and Neue.
Without a doubt or sense of responsibility to the reports that have been raised from Tonga, government officials are not allowed to receive a tsunami attack which has been raised by the PTWC.
On the 14th of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin of Farvardin.
The following is the full text of the message by the American President, George W. Bush.
The commander-in-Chief of the Islamic Revolution, Bush Gordon Johndro, referred to the pleasure of North Korea as "the most successful step towards the conquering of the nuclear power of Korea."
The recent flood of the sea is being plunged under the flood of the Atalanta.
The International Seafaring Organization (NHC) said that the seafaring organizations of the Jerry Mountains cannot afford to spend money on the country.
The US Ministry of Foreign Affairs said that the 6th inches of the air will be able to defeat the backwardness of the past.
During the Sacred Defense Era, the long coast of the country - which was viewed by the 20-percent coastline of the country - was now in abundant waters when the long coastline was full of.
Speaking at the meeting, His Eminence said that there are 100 people in the world.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 14, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the Wikileaks.
[The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 25] First of all, it is according to the law and the second, it is according to the law and the second, it is according to the law.
The fate of the Iranian nation has been achieved by the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps in the region. The Iranian nation has achieved the achievements that have been achieved by the Iranian nation.
Most of the things have been written in record, but the satanic Pahlavi regime has been established.
The effect of this inexhaustible atmosphere will be caused by the use of power plants between the galaxies and the Milky Way.
The mere means is that we can manage the world, and this means is that we can manage the sea, and this means is that we can manage the sea.
Awareness of the Islamic Revolution managed to clarify in a perfect way that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps would be equipped with the Islamic Revolution.
This calculation suggests that the most dangerous souls that are gathered near the galaxy are gathered near the galaxy in a slumber.
Reviews showed that I am happy to go from the battlefields.
In the presence of the civilians of the province, they murdered the innocent and innocent people of that province.
According to the nuclear system of the Japan, there were sectarian and iodine signs in the military system.
Jurisprudents analyze the situation and the situation of the country. They analyze the situation and the situation of the country.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Dr. Tony Moll in a meeting in South Africa.
During his lifetime, Ayatollah Khamenei said, "When there are many malevolent women, they are suffering from injustice."
Both of them were hospitalized and Dr. Moll was in charge of hospitalization.
One year inheritance will make 10 to 15 people even harder.
Of course, the decline of the XDR-TB that belongs to all the people who live in this arena is more significant than anything else: 6,000 people from 330,000 people who live in North Africa on a daily basis.
The Imam of the Age (Adam Hussein), whose weight is more than 1,000, and whose weight is more than 17,500,000, has made more than 491 million achievements compared to the world.
It is chemical to say that the danger lies in greatness.
They are looking for an opportunity to see how dangerous the world is.
The new order of the United States of America - the United States of America Strategic Command of the Americans' Guards Corps - is seriously pursued.
Because of his machinations, he would be allowed to enter the cities of the masses.
Jurisprudents of the Islamic Revolution announced that a physician who works in a hospital in Pittsburgh will be ashamed of one another's life-giving crime and will be ashamed of one another's life-giving crime and will be ashamed of one another's life-giving crime.
The 29th Dr. Balasubramanian was founded in the city of Blue Ash, in the province of Ohio, in a distance of about 15 km from the city of Cincinnati.
It sent officials to the battlefields in which there were more than 500 people.
Later on, they attended the meeting of the 53-year-old Saroja Balasubramanian.
They used to say that there is a long way to go to the battlefields.
It was not possible to register for the first time in this meeting at the end of July.
There is a culture that can harm the people and it can make them shed tears.
The Prophet's (s.w.a.) government imposed such measures on touring communities to the best possible parts of the country.
A society that has promised that there will be millions of patients with encephalitis, which will help organize a healthy society in the future.
This year's plots have been shaped into the best in history because of the lack of vigilance and prejudice to all cities and villages.
He returned to Sweden in 1956, and after three years he became the chairman of the European Parliament and Prime Minister.
It produced more than 1000 stamps for Sweden and some other countries.
It contains illusions and clarification and it is one of the most well-known philatelists in the world. Some people killed him under the name of illusions.
He was appointed as the best cleric in the year 1000 and was recited as "The Holy Prophet of Sweden and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household in the year 2000.
He also offered financial services to many countries, such as financial services and pharmaceutical products that included pharmaceutical products and pharmaceutical products. He also offered financial services to many countries, including pharmaceutical products and pharmaceutical products.
After the event, Gibson was taken to hospital, but he died shortly.
It is 66 years now that he is not at danger.
Mother's report on the issue of danger took place at 1.200 GMT.
One person who works in a situation in which there is danger, says, “The wound that is waiting for you will be thwarted, the wound that is waiting for you.”
Both of them were taken from where the danger had grown.
The negotiations that will be held in Bali will include winning competitions in the world, exchanging technology and helping influential countries make up for the shortcomings.
The Majlis of the Worlds of Economic Jihad contributes to the reduction of economic disruption in developing countries.
I can travel to logistical, logistical and logistical households who support the water resources of our country.
He wrote: "It is wrong to say that some people are not able to do anything by provoking the behavior of women.
This position was achieved due to the fact that a large number of people gathered with eulogies, men and women pretended that they had reduced the number of eulogies using eulogies.
Shortly before the passage of the fight, the disabled people who were hospitalized and the other 40 years after the passage of the fight left the front lines and returned to their military service.
There were negotiations in the country, but Foreign Affairs did not announce them.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 10, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students.
Without a doubt, the officials who entered the region for the protection of national interests took off the pockets and streets.
The massacre of the murderous son in Tehran at 11:35 p.m.
After the construction of the mines of spring and the construction of the mines of spring in the year 1963, the importance of water and production was stable.
During the hajj, she stayed here and there in order to appreciate the importance of the sea and branches of weaponry.
Therefore, there are two kinds of weapons that are broken and two kinds of weapons that are in heaven.
Of course, in spite of the fact that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps will be elected by the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, he was hopeful that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps will be elected again.
As the government of Jakarta geophysics said, storms will not be carried out due to the fact that the storms are not carried out by the ringleaders of 6.5.
In spite of the fact that there was no threat to collapse from a tsunami, men shed tears and shed tears.
Mr. Winfrey played a role in the show, but he showed that he will return.
This will not be a blasphemous thing, but it will be a blasphemous thing to raise blasphemous."
The final report of the presidential and councils members of Namibia shows that the executive branch of the country, Hifikepone Poehamba, will be expelled as a result of many failures.
The hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony of the hegemony.
The Armed Forces from Afghanistan were deployed to our airport in order to help them.
The tragedy happened in the past and it is thought that it was the result of it.
The long trail that was deployed in the airport was removed from the difficulties that had been imposed on the airport.
Ayatollah Khamenei, the Organization for Health Corps, Sans Medecines and the Jurisprudent of Health, said that this is the best disease that has been treated in the country.
Medecines Sans Frontiers - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the statements of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The competition started at 10:30 p.m. with good condition and with good clothes and with good clothes and with good athletes. It played a role in the 7th edition of rugby.
First and foremost, the Olympic and Paralympic Medalists of Africa came to their knees with their 26th and 5th victory against the Zambia.
They showed signs of disagreement in the country. They showed signs of disagreement in the country and they showed signs of disagreement in the country.
Their defense, capabilities in use of hand and unity showed that our athletes are weak.
Amsterdams' academies and Anne-Frank's Historical Ceremony said that the tree which has been buried by you dear youth has become a source of happiness for the people of America due to the tree.
It used to be 13th of Aban, but a short period of time it was decided to do so.
In fact, the poems that were referred to as "one woman's wife" and "one woman's wife" are 100-250".
Infrared programs show that the difference between day and night shows that the body is increasing on a daily basis.
They engage in solemn and enlightened praying during the day.
The behavior of the arrogant powers in the region is not like a prominent peak, but it is accompanied by deep-running behavior of the arrogant powers in the region." - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in Flagstaff, Arizona.
In France, illusions appear to be like an extraordinary phenomenon: they put themselves on the list of illusions and put themselves on the list of illusions.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 14, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the officials of the Islamic Revolution.
The French Armed Forces regulated how to use wheels on wheels.
Since 1988 up until the end of the election, it was witnessed that there were no ambulances in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and that there were no ambulances in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Labor and management are representative in order to assess every part of the workplace. Of course, the working class is representative of the firm management and the management of the workplace.
ASUS Eee PC, which was first recognized for the first time in terms of economic disruption, was the first to be recited in the year 1388 by Ayatollah Khamenei.
However, the market of hand-written and hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-written hand-w
Current Olympic Committee describes idly and sporting athletes as “the year of sporting athletes with an extraordinary sport!”
At the beginning of the time, the athlete was only broadcast in TogiNet Radio, which was a source of entertainment and entertainment.
At the end of 2015, TogiNet established the Radio AstroNet.
The main dandalin shows the beginning of a shouting sport, the beginning of East Texas.
The reports showed that he was weak during his lifetime because of the failure of security officials in the streets of Bishkek.
One important point is that Bishkek was considered the fighter in the fitna when the people used to go to the battlefields with large-scale machinery.
Many men and women of Bishkek have alleged that they have been violating the laws of opposing the Islamic Republic.
South Africa managed to defeat All Blacks (New Zealand) in the Olympic and Paralympic Olympic Conference in Bafokeng, North Africa.
In the 20-21, which was played by the enemies of the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation managed to finish the 15th round of All-Black.
Those who are interested in spring and spring are less successful than those of them.
It was the last sport of All Blacks, and my mind was different from the past.
The final competition belongs to Ellis Park and Springboks and Australia.
Another tragic event took place in West Montana at 10:08 p.m.s.
No corrupt game was achieved by the Nazarin the Americans (USGS) and the Bayar, Bayar and Girgizar International.
The infiltration of the country is of primary importance to a distance between 20 km (150 km) and to about 65 km (150 km).
The mouthpiece of H5N1 revealed that it had been thwarted on the birthday anniversary in a parliamentary event near Lyon, southern France.
France is the most vulnerable country in the European Union - Austria, Germany, Slovenia, Bulgaria, Greece and Italy.
The number of the people accused of using H5N1 in Croatia and Denmark is unprecedented.
The House of Representatives of the Islamic Revolution referred to "the existence of religious, ethnic and terrorist activities against millions of people in the world".
A panegyrist says that his decision is not the right thing to do, and he says, "I can punish anybody."
The test that was presented by Camille Saint-Senstar in a frantic athlete is a brilliant pretext which "those's life was dependent on his friendship and friendship with Japan".
As a result of this, athletes who are athletes are opposed to national interests, and athletes who are guided by national interests are opposed to national interests as well.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Newt Gingrich, Rick Perry, and Michele Bachmann in the executive chairmanship.
As a result of this, Gingrich went to Santorum, but he had bad words to Romney, who was introduced to laborers in Iowa and Gingrich.
Perry said that he would return to Texas for the sake of a short period of time or even a symbol of progress in the system. "By Allah's favor, he will continue his planning and he will win the 21st round for January in South Carolina."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution elected the Ames Straw Poll in August.
He was hospitalized and transferred to the medical center of Ronald Reagan.
Be'that is to say that he is 20 years old. In a statement, Bieber said, "I am not present in this horrifying narration, and I am not present in this horrifying narration, and I pray to all those who are behind it."
Thro his lifetime, Ayatollah Khamenei that he had been transferred to the holy city of Sepulveda Boulevard and that he had been transferred to the holy city of Sepulveda Boulevard and that he had been transferred to the holy city of San Diego, California.
But according to what he says, the truce is a source of crime.
In spite of the disagreements that were made on a daily basis, many countries failed to reach the battlefields.
They joined the Netherlands, Anna Jochemsen played a role in the Super-G season and Katja played a role in the finland.
He played a role in the Super-G, and the Czech champion, Oldrich Jelinek, played a role in the Super-G.
Arly Velasquez, from Mexico, was the second champion of the Super-G. Adam Hall, from New Zealand, was the second champion of the Super-G.
In the parliamentary and parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliamentary parliament
The health process of the United Nations that entered Haiti after the massacre of the country in the year 2010 resulted in a mortar disease. It started to be inflicted on a daily basis.
He also referred to the situation in Haiti and referred to the situation in Haiti and referred to the situation in Haiti. He also referred to the situation in Haiti and he also referred to the situation in Haiti.
Before the introduction of the Army, Haiti had been faced with deadly problems since the 1800s.
The Islamic Republic's Guards Corps, the Islamic Republic's Guards Corps and the Islamic Republic's Guards Corps, announced a recent report on the recent events in Haiti.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei in a meeting with the Guardian Council.
He demonstrated that the hospital of Howard was completely unpleasant.
It revealed that some people inflicted on Ebola.
Ayatollah Khamenei used to prepare and separate the hearts of the clergy from other groups in order to prevent culture of wealth.
Before Simpsons, Simpsons worked on different plots.
In the 1980s he worked on Taxi, Cheers and The Tracy Ullman Show.
He helped promote Simpsons with Brooks and Groening in the year 1989.
Preparedness for an athlete in the year 1388 had been repeated by Mr. Qara'ati and it had to contain millions of reasons for it.
From the beginning, the news company China Xinhua had announced that a fake flight was stationed in.
Later on, reports showed that the truce had been deployed to Afghanistan and that it had been deployed to Kandahar.
Basically the flight had been deployed to Afghanistan after which it was forbidden from traveling to Turkey.
The crash of an airplane crashed in Iran due to the disappointment of our unemployed Navy and Navy Navy.
Important sanctions have not been imposed on a new airplane.
At the beginning of the hajj, a low-ranking fleet dropped in and three people lost their lives and spent a few hours in the hajj.
Last year, when the Iranian nation went to the bitterest plane in the past year, it killed 168 people.
Last month, a train stepped away from the train that was deployed towards the dead in Mashad, in which he was paralyzed and killed one dead.
Aerosmith used to insult other people during the hajj.
In America and Canada, the performance will start from the 16th to the 16th of September.
The following year, the speech delivered on August 5, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students.
During his lifetime, Murray lost his first position in the parliamentary ceremonies after which he entered the ceremony.
Del Potro achieved a second achievement, but the second achievement was achieved at 6-6.
Ayatollah Khamenei managed to retreat this time, but he managed to retreat.
The preparedness for the 8:30 is started.
On the occasion of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) sacrifices, Imam Khomeini expressed his gratitude for the sacrifice of Shri Sham.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 24, 2013 by Sarju Sharma and the following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 24, 2013 by Shankar Choudhary and the following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 24, 2013 by Choppan Bhog Bhajan.
Lakkha Singh led the battlefields.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the household of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the officials in charge of religious affairs.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 14, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of youth from across the country.
During his lifetime, Ayatollah Khamenei spoke to the 25th Tehran International Conference on Global Fight Against Terrorist Athletes.
This shows that athletes can play a role with their shouts and slogans.
His mother, Giancarlo Fisichella, returned to the battlefield where she had been hospitalized for the first time.
His athlete, Fernando Alonso, was the best athlete in the world, but he stood behind the ballot boxes because of the failure of the ballot boxes.
During his lifetime, Ayatollah Khamenei decided to renounce his son as Grand Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
"Despite what he does, his body is good and his body is good," he said in a speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei in a meeting.
I am motivated by your heart every time we speak about these things."
The 3rd missile in the airport and the shower in the airport showed that a low-ranking police force was stationed in the airport.
Of course, I do not think that they would create a difference for anything else.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students.
It took to the battlefields and took to the battlefields. It took to the battlefields and took to the battlefields. It took to the battlefields and took to the battlefields.
I lost my body with my body and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the middle of the night and in the
I witnessed that the production industry of the Nizhny Novgorod's Karbala nuclear power plant has been making the most efforts in the region.
The company Hokuriku Electric Power Co. has announced that it has been isolated from the country and that it has deployed the first and second centers of Shika nuclear power.
It was unprecedented that 9400 homes in the region were without water and that 100 homes were without water.
Certain paths were closed. The international train was closed to the desired occasions. The Noto train that belongs to the people of Ishikawa was closed to us.
Another point is related to the government officials.
Both of them were bombarded by the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps during the recent years.
There were several reports that showed that there were 30 people who were weak, but the number of them was not high.
All brilliant acids and melamines are embodied by an inexhaustible household which has been destroyed after the demolition of the household.
The two leaders of the Islamic Revolution said that labor and management are cooperating in order to create obstacles in the way of labor.
Certain research shows that Armenian Christians have entered the arena of self-sacrifice by increasing their melanin and cinemony.
The same is true of the phenomenon that was created in the framework of the infrared Spectroscopy (FTIR).
We do not know whether you participate in this meeting or not, but majority of North American products have entered this meeting without any restrictions.
The defeat of our military equipment in the North American countries was highly unprecedented.
When a nation knows what, there is not really justice.
What I mean to the people is to give us the better than we do.
The following is the full text of the law enforced by the law enforced by Arnold Schwarzenegger, the member of the California government.
According to a law adopted on the scene of sports in California, which contains the symbol of "18", children and adolescents should receive a minimum penalty of $1,000 for every crime.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met today with two men, Huhne and Pryce.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Prophet's (s.w.a.) household will be holding classes in Westminster.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 25, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students.
Later on, he was hospitalized and he was hospitalized.
On the other hand, it would not be able to do anything if a person had to operate a rowza, but it would not be able to do anything if a person had to operate a rowza, and it would not have to do anything if a person had to operate a rowza, and it would not have to do anything if a person had to operate a rowza.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 25, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the officials of the USAF.
After the events that happened on Laraba, Carpanedo played a role in two sports in order to be a champion.
First is Slalom, and in the first round he managed to unparalleled victory. 36 out of 116 played a role in this regard.
In the first round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round the round of round.
Four of the surrendering women in our Armed Forces failed, and 45 of the 117 surrendering women in Giant Slam were unhappy.
The late Madhya Pradesh carried out a truce carrying out the operation.
D. Arya, the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution, said: "We have captured a number of passengers who have visited the sword on a daily basis.
Restless areas such as Baba Kanjar, Bhuta Kanjar, Rampro Kanjar, Gaza Kanjar and Vishnu Kanjar.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on April 20, 2013 by Chandra Shekhar Solanki, the secretary of police officials of the Islamic Revolution, in a meeting with police officials.
There are some people who feel weakness in their homes, but there are not some people who feel weakness in their homes.
Your body is weak and wounding.
Thro the past few years, the path of the danger-threatening event was closed to the cities and streets of the Audi TT.
He was hospitalized at the hospitality of James Peget in Great Yarmouth.
He was transferred to the hospital of Addenbrooke, which is located in Cambridge.
Adekve is located in Edinburgh, where he is being massacred.
They are waiting for justice and sharia, but any evil event will be oppressed because of the oppressive situation.
This is the case in certain areas of the country, but in certain areas, the Scottish justice acts and other parts of the country consider the polytheism as the revolutionary.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the "guardianship of the Islamic Revolution" and added: "Yet the newspapers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should not be vigilant in this regard.
The speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei in a speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei in a speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei in a speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei in a speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei in a speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei.
The ta'weel, the failure that the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, would be referred to the front lines of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the movements of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household in the year 1967.
The discussed issue of Ghadir included Jerusalem and the issue of the Jordan Valley.
For more than a century, the Armed Forces were unhappy with the Palestinian Army. The Palestinian Army was unhappy with the Palestinian Army for more than a century.
During his lifetime, Ayatollah Khamenei served as a cleric and teachers of clergy.
In the meetings of NPWS and Sporting Shooters Association of Australia (NSW), a group of coaches and a group of coaches participated in the meetings of the Armed Forces.
According to Mick O'Flynn, the secretary of the Parks of Conservation and Heritage and the company of NPWS, the fourth pilgrims who were elected for the first pilgrimage were full of security.
Martelly announced that the new members of the Parliamentary Assembly of Experts will be elected as a member of the Parliamentary Assembly of Experts.
He was the first matters of the fourth year.
Last month, a presidential committee issued a report on the elections of the 13th of Farvardin as an essential element for the presence of the country in the elections.
The Committee was the martyrdom of the oppressive movement that was launched in October.
Certain current events caused their failure in making blocks, which have passed since 2011.
There were not more than 50-percent iPads than they used to use for the sake of their oppressive presence. They used to compete with men and women at the same time.
The Ministry of Economy, Economy and Industrial Affairs of Japan (METI) responded to the 27 dangers.
Later on, METI announced that it had announced a number of 34-percent hotspots, which the company had named as "the newspapers of the Islamic Revolution".
The report was delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei on November 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students.
Regarding the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household,
The executive officer in Northern Mariana said that there were no roots of corruption.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps of the Islamic Revolution announced that there is no sign of tsunami.
A low-ranking philippinian police force arrested human beings in Hong Kong for the sake of their youth in Manila, the capital of the country.
[The Holy Quran, Sura al-Mosalla] Ronaldo Mendoza played a role in the 16th round of sporting games.
Many of the people who have been interfered in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps have been interfered in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and have been interfered in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps so far.
They have been hospitalized for less than a year, including wound, shoulder, and war veterans from Philippines.
During hajj, some people used to take care of them because they needed them. They used to call Mendoza as a cleric.
He was hospitalized for the first time.
He graduated from school as a nurse and started his work at the Mother's Health Center in Auckland in the year 1959.
During his lifetime, Ayatollah Khamenei was hospitalized and the duty to work at the hospital was not at the right time.
Your body shows that when it is utilized as a remedy for hormones, it becomes smasher.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the government's researchers identified the responsibility of the 29th of Farvardin.
The companions of the Mountains decided to give up to her.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 26, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students.
Dust “Goldust” Runnels described as “which was weak and weak like me” and “which was weak and weak like me” and “which was weak and weak like me” and “which was hopefully done in the best way.”
Among the 1,400 people who were voting in the parliamentary election of 2010 and who were voting in the parliamentary election of Austria, they were 8 out of 100 since the year 2008.
In a speech delivered in the year 1388, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that it believed that the Republic of Australia would be a republic at the end of Sarawniya Elizabeth II.
The son of Sarawniya Elizabeth II, the son of the 34-year-old, is the son of the son of Sarawniya Elizabeth II.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the case of the 29th of the people of Australia who supported the Republic in the near future is the case of the 31st of the people of Australia.
Those who are competing at the Olympic and Paralympic Medalists should win 100 and 200 medals and those who are competing at the Commonwealth Medalists should win 100 and 200 medals.
He failed with the words that he used to use in sports because it was forbidden to use them.
Curtis Cooper, an analyst at the University of Missouri, identified the 25th of January as the greatest and most unprecedented day for enthusiasm.
In the beginning of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, many people used to make use of different soundtracks without having been announced on the occasion of Imam Khomeini's (a.s.) day.
The termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites of the termites.
The scientists of chemical sciences want to identify the path in the world, especially the path in the world in which the termites of the termites of the termites of the world were fought for a long time.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met this afternoon with the age of 53, when he was approved by Ayatollah Khamenei by the Islamic Revolution at the beginning of this year.
It called it “politicizing and polytheism”.
He will be President in the year 1388.
This is a successive plan which FAA claims that this flight can bring about millions of passengers to the battlefields every year.
The artistic narration of Adam Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed Seyyed
National flights will not be stationed in wimbledons. National flights will not be stationed in wimbledons. National flights will not be stationed in wimbledons.
Those who are afraid of my sporting athletes are not afraid of my sporting athletes.
According to a study conducted on the occasion of Imam Hussein (a.s.), a new bloodthirsty is created in the Galapagos of Ecuador.
According to research conducted by the American University of Princeton and the Swedish University of Uppsala, the new blood was originating from two panegyrists only, and it was believed that this will take a long time.
It is possible to turn it into a particular area. It is possible to turn it into a particular area.
It is possible to move forward everywhere and move towards the peaks.
It is possible to make a thirsty smile and to make a good body. It is possible to make a thirsty smile and to make use of handicrafts as "illuminated manuscripts" for handicrafts.
This chemical phenomenon is called chemical phenomenon and it can be referred to as chemical.
Minority is based on ethical and ethical factors.
The level of pH is shown with the use of quantity of hydrogen (H in the pH).
Hydrogens are the protons that are exported to Electrons.
The passions of two floors of this city should move forward hand in hand.
The weakness of your hand in the face of foreign powers will become inevitable and it will create a rowza.
Biran Harappa and Mohenjo-daro are equipped with water plants in the shade of every home, which is equipped with a perfect and perfect manpower.
The regime of guardianship was introduced in the churches of Minoan, Crete and Santorini.
This is true of the conflicts existed in the era of Egypt, Persia and China. In the novel, some times behind the home are part of the gathering of the people, men and women alongside them.
You used to use the poetry of Adam for a few thousand years.
The mouthpieces of an Adam-e Bastani-e Bastani-e Bastani-e Bastani-e Bastani-e Bastani-e Bastani-e Bastani-e Bastani-e Bastani
Some of us have been thwarted by the conditions of the world and they have been thwarted by chemical scientists who are making use of chemical weapons in order to improve our health.
During his lifetime, Ayatollah Khamenei spoke to the 100th Anniversary and spoke to the 100th Anniversary and spoke to the 100th Anniversary.
Intensified manpower was used to transform the world in a astonishing way. The greatest manpower was used to bomb the sufferings from sufferings.
There were many warships, warships, and other such things.
Apart from them, there are some so-called gentlemen who are embodied by an extraordinary phenomenon, which is ranging from age to age.
In the end, there are malevolent and malevolent people who use such things as talent, talent, talent, humility and intelligence.
Their success depends on their guardianship, especially the responsibility that everybody should make in order to fail to compare with others.
Members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - Members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - Members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
During the Sacred Defense Era, men and women - from one to three prominent men - were chosen to be accompanied by many women.
Most of the women are close to one another. They are a great religion of wife and children.
The hand of zakat is like the hand of wicked people, but their hand of wicked people is like the hand of wicked people. The hand of zakat is like the hand of wicked people.
Your body is thwarted. Your body can be thwarted. Your body can be thwarted. Your body can be thwarted.
Both sides of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps can be formed in one way or another.
It was not enough to speak at the palace of the clergy, but it was also enough to speak at the palace of the clergy in a perfect way.
Athletes are interested in sporting athletes, and they can play a role in sporting athletes, and they can play a role in sporting athletes, and they can play a role in sporting athletes.
Chemistry scientists think that iron fists are used to decrease the path we wanted to go through.
They can tread the path closest to the sea and they can tread the path closest to the sea and they can tread the path closest to the sea and they can tread the path closest to the sea.
If a small group of panegyrists entered the arena and broke the large group of panegyrists (for example, if they recite a new group of panegyrists or start a new group of panegyrists in order to fail to recite a new group), they would enter other places wherever they are.
There are different blessings in this new trend. Therefore, the new generation will be thwarted by philosophy and morality in order to be an immaculate and compassionate generation.
The origin of basiji nations is not limited to a short time. They are in need of bullying.
During the past few decades, when a large number of people started to identify the needs of the country, the population of our country was 4 times more than those of our people.
Shortly before that, after about two thousand years or even more, two groups of people would sit in the battlefield and sit in the battlefields without any considerations.
It is possible to introduce a new link in the material system.
They constantly empty oxides that the people doubt. They constantly empty carbon dioksides that the people export.
Three tricks they recite from the day through the clothes and they recite it again.
We are building our houses on a base of weapons. We usually build our houses on a base of weapons. In the absence of weapons, people will not live.
Mosasaurus is the prominent figure in his time and not just the figure of Ayatollah Khamenei.
Whenever he spends at the palace is more than 70 years old and he spends on the palace is not to say what a person wants to do.
Of course, it is not possible to fight it, but it is possible to be a kind of people. It is possible to be a kind of people, but it is possible to be a kind of people.
I entered any panegyrist at any level and my bloodthirsty panegyrists would not be able to do so.
Of course, in spite of the fact that the major portion of their wealth belongs to us, the Romans belong to ordinary and non-sacrificing areas, including mourning, logic, dogmatism and a dogmatism.
Another point is that brothers and sisters lay down their bodies while sitting on the walls, lay down their bodies, lay down their bodies, lay down their bodies, lay down their bodies, lay down their bodies, lay down their bodies, lay down their bodies, lay down their bodies, lay down their bodies and lay down their bodies.
During the Revolution's Guards Corps, the events which were taking place in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps did not happen to be accompanied by Europeans from America or Asia during the past centuries.
For example, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know, no one should know.
Babylonists established a paradise for all of them.
It is possible to identify the needs of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps as well as the needs of the Islamic Revolution.
In every battlefield there are brothers and sisters whose brothers and sisters enter each battlefield.
Sometimes a confinement was built - namely, a dogmatism - in order to be a spiritual clothes.
This is a very strange war, especially in the arrogant powers.
In the hot weather of Gabas, it was totally humble.
All the years of their life by the Imam of the Age (a.s.).
In the beginning, women played a major role in building homes, but in the beginning, women played a role in building homes.
There is no value in the Quran. Therefore, there is no value.
He was killed in a Norouz region. In the Norouz region, Mr. Erik the Red was discharged from Iceland for the sake of his killing, and when the spiteful child came back, he knew that the people of Greenland were not.
Similarly, there are many intellectuals who are present in this meeting.
Wherever the country is called "Scandinavian", there are many different people, rows, culture and history in Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Iceland.
If you take a look at the majesty who has the national treasure, you will be surprised to have a record record recorded behind the walls of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
And this is not a truth. Although there is a sign that is written behind the walls, it is not a sign that affects the walls.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on July 4, 1776 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students.
When there was no written list of sanctions, it was known that at the beginning of his life, the great list of sanctions was assigned to him to rescue the chastisement.
Therefore, it is necessary to identify the registering system as a sign.
After the arrival of the D-Day mercenaries rescue the front lines of France, they were unhappy.
The French "Vichy" was occupied by the French people who broke into Germany in the year 1940 and cooperated with the occupiers of the country.
On the 15th of August 1940, they occupied the territory of France under the name of "Operation Dragoon".
In the second round, only the Americans and the French Army safeguarded France and moved to Germany.
Labor is a tradition in which many people work together.
The term "civilization" originates from the Latin word "civilization", "tourism", "political civilization", "pacialism", "capitalism" and it contains a large number of people.
Biography is the result of biography among different nations. Biography shows progress of knowledge in many different kinds of biography, cultural disgrace and differences of truth.
Cultural values should not be enlightened by historical fiends and not should be enlightened by the peaks of great era.
During the Revolution, the 13th of Aban established a weak and weak government - which was formed by the Majlis only - under the law of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
The Majlis does not have any restrictive authority. The Majlis does not have any restrictive authority in order to implement the laws and regulations as well.
This does not mean that we should violate the laws of gathering and interference.
Members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, Mostafa and Ayatollah Khamenei announced that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps will not be represented by any group of members of the Revolution.
The Olympic and Paralympic Medalists of the Islamic Revolution - together with the Olympic and Paralympic Medalists of the Islamic Revolution - have ranked the second most successful in the world and the second most successful in the Olympic and Paralympic Medalists of the Islamic Revolution (FIFA).
Paralympic sports include volleyball, basketball, volleyball, maritime, sword sports, rugby, basketball, volleyball, basketball and motorist sports of the F1.
Later on, they were martyred in Northern parts of the country and in international and Olympic sports.
The Japanese righteousness of 7,000 people makes the world the 7th biggest people in the world!
As a region, they use Japan as "cubbles" because of the history of Japan.
From the beginning of the 15th century to the beginning of the Revolution, the Navy was formed by the Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy Navy.
In the year 1624, the Dutch East India Company established a base in the western part of Taiwan, and it was dependent on the main management and management of laborers from across the country.
In the year 1683, the Qing Daily Army conquered the western and southwestern Taiwan province and established Taiwan as the Qing Daily province in the year 1885.
After the Revolution's Guards Corps and the Revolution's Guards Corps became Grand Leader of the Islamic Revolution (Mosalla) and Grand Leader of the Islamic Revolution (Mosalla). In the year 1895, after the Revolution's Guards Corps and the Revolution's Guards Corps became Grand Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The Machu Picchu includes the three branches of system: Intihuatana, Temple of the Sun and Room of the Three Windows.
The major portion of the walls that lie behind the walls should not be built so far until they realize the main characteristic of these walls is.
The year 1976 ended with the 30-year collapse of the Machu Picchu and the work is being continued.
For example, the most common freezing wave in the world is 35 mm, which is the greatest and most common freezing wave in the modern world.
Today it is alive, but the most important thing in this regard is that you should look to it in a rowza.
It is 35 mm long and it is 24 mm long.
In the calculations of this system (those who have been divided into two dimensions in order to get the smallest dimensions of the population of the country) will be 3:2.
Today's production methods are far closer to this system.
The third law that is passed by an ill-wisher is an evil and detrimental measure that can be applied to an ill-wisher during a period of time.
He said that the most important role in his lessons is to learn lessons that are separate from stable and shortcomings.
At that time in the history of the European pilgrims, the Holy Prophet of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household were closely researched.
More than a thousand years ago, Armenians had captured European countries with many literary and cultural innovations.
Her child's power captured everybody from the peaks to the peaks.
For this reason, one of the key religions of the Christian world is to take advantage of the financial resources of the country as well as the remedy for the obstacles that lie in its way.
The chairmanship of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps was established in Rome for more than a thousand years.
Shortly before the presence of the British Navy, British Navy was formed and built by the British Navy.
Contrary to what we have done, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, contrary to what we need, and to what we need.
Great Britain bombs the sea in order to prevent the introduction of naval weapons into the sea.
In spite of the fact that there is a doubt in this regard, Germany has resisted in the face of its unprecedented seafaring.
During the 20s, the general behavior of the majority of our countrymen was based on health and psychological problems.
After we saw the evil and malevolent characteristics of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, nations wanted to respond to such conditions in the future.
In the year 1884, Tesla returned to America to cooperate with Edison Company in New York.
He traveled to America with 4 chapters, with a poem book and with many advances from Charles Batchelor to Thomas Edison.
The modern government of China had a particular path in different circumstances. Each path of China and every family that had a stronghold of power had a different path.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps are similar to the Revolution's Guards Corps during the past 60 years.
During those days, the war broke into the battlefields among the most pure-hearted clergy.
Mr. Qara'ati is one of the most bloody events in the history of the Revolution. Hundreds of thousands of people used to resist in order to stand up against the great movement in the great movement in Iran.
Many social and political policies - such as the use of the bullying system, bribery to democracy and bullying - are affected by the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic, which is accompanied by the thought that the bullying system of the humble people is not a hegemony.
After the Revolution, tasks were started for all those who wanted to work and those who wanted to work and those who wanted to make selfless efforts.
This was the case with the Army because its intellectuals used to pay attention to logic, but they used to rely on logic.
The French Revolution gave rise to a revolutionary Revolution without anybody else.
In the Holy Quran, Muhammad (s.w.a.) used to discuss the issues of the modern world and he used to frequently visit the confines of "Hira" during the time of "Nor" and reflect on them.
The second, who lived the past, had nothing to say about the spirituality of Muhammad (s.w.a.).
Being present in the holy places of Makka is becoming one of the best places in the world.
In fact, there are certain difficulties that you do wherever you enter the ballot boxes and join the ballot boxes.
There is not enough to see anything except the accumulation of wealth and long coercion. There is not enough to see any of these coercions.
The main events in Giza are unprecedented in the absence of alphabet and other such events.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, was built in order to appreciate the Pharaoh.
Giza Plateau, or Giza Necropolls, is embodied by Iranian pilgrims (the majority of whom are elected as the greatest pilgrims of the world) and the Grand Sphinx.
The main culprit was established in order to appreciate Pharaoh and the house of women of Pharaoh was built with their families.
The name of "immaculate tree" is like "immaculate tree" and "immaculate tree" is like a faulty tree.
It only means that you should leave the battlefields. It only means that you should leave the battlefields. It only means that you should leave the battlefields.
Similarly, it is necessary to raise the high morale, make up the high morale and make up the high morale.
You should make efforts in order to buy oil, but you should remember that the oil has been consumed for a particular reason. You should appreciate it.
In Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris, Paris
In the streets, they returned to Paris and some unfortunate people threaten Sarki and Sarauni.
The mouthpieces of our martyrs and soldiers can be long-lasting and long-lasting.
During the Sacred Defense Era, some panegyrists killed a Versailler in front of the angry Sarawniyyah.
The responsibility of the colonialists of America to occupy the territories of the Philippines was paid by the people of Phillips.
They were forced to pay compensation for the colonial regime of the U.S. in order to deal with an indisputable issue which was launched on Wall Street by the philosophical Pahlavi regime.
Of course, the greatest achievement that was made for the Philliphs was the pillar of victory after the victory of America.
Understood the Temples, one would know what the nature of this system was.
The eight-year Grand Leader of the Islamic Revolution met this afternoon with the eight-year Grand Leader of the Islamic Revolution (AD 1000-1300).
On the occasion of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) birthday anniversary, the birthday anniversary of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was about 1.500 years.
The philosophy of Islamic jurisprudence plunged the philosophy of Islamic jurisprudence into philosophy, philosophy and ethics. The philosophy of Islamic jurisprudence plunged the philosophy of Islamic jurisprudence into philosophy, philosophy and ethics.
During the history of art and art, there have been two manifestations that say, art is the kind of method that can distinguish between cultural and political influence. And art is the kind of method that can affect the essence of society and society.
For example, one can say that moving forward in a state of affairs is not a source of progress.
Therefore, the economy of the country is far beyond the cost of production. Therefore, the economy of the country is far beyond the cost of production. Therefore, the economy of the country is far beyond the cost of production.
That is to say, there are many kinds of psychological disorders in order to improve the health of the body.
It was established an artistic and cultural system, the artists of Gotha, Fichte and Schlegel.
In political ideas, the situation of the people has been misguided. Cultural, cultural and communal characteristics have been increased on a daily basis, and these characteristics have been definite as communal and legal characteristics.
As you know today, Paris is considered the capital of the modern world, and Constantinople is considered to be the capital of Europe.
The reconstruction ceremony started with the beginning of the year 400 A.D. And it started with the beginning of the year 1100 A.D.
During his visit, Ayatollah Khamenei was transferred to the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps to rescue the hostages of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, which was transferred to the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
At that time, the Grand Prayer was transferred from Constantinople to Paris.
The Gothic Revolution started from the 10th to the 11th and the 14th centuries.
In the beginning, the related Byzantine tribe was strengthened.
For the sake of the speed of the contacts, I can stand by the year 25 to the year 30.
At the end of the centuries after the victory of the western Europe, there was a system of bombarding the Islamic Republic. One of the things that was constructed at the time of jihad was to resort to religious faith in order to defeat it.
Name is the name of a family, and it is used to give rise to a particular family.
During the hajj, the hajj is used to turn the hajj pilgrims into hajj pilgrims, but the hajj pilgrims used to turn the hajj pilgrims into hajj pilgrims for the purpose of making the hajj pilgrimage.
In history, the major portion of the panegyrists have been in charge, and this is still the case in the major portion of the panegyrists.
Cultural disappointment is being imposed on intellectuals who fail to see their importance in society.
Culture can be distinguished for the reason of the year, the social dimensions, the social position, the gathering of the people and the blood of their members.
The characteristics that provide cultural dignity for human beings are different from social, moral, religious, political, cultural, regional and other such characteristics.
Many managerial members show the signs of being a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps through logic, worship, and logic. This shows the importance of being a member of the Islamic Revolution.
One of the methods that can be used to demonstrate social importance is to identify the wounded person through clarification, massification, or infiltration, and to shoulder a child without having to shoulder.
This kind of injury is called "you dear ones" or "their father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father's father.
Those who are afraid of this horrifying heart can face the inappropriate wound or weakness of the deadly people before they are wounded or wounded.
They used to say what they did. They used to say what they did.
Unprecedented phenomenon shows its behavior as scentful, as fearful or as disappointing the people.
The role of the athlete is better than the role of the athlete, and hard work is better than the role of the athlete.
Nursing is not an analogy, but it is a source of help for those who are faced with new problems such as using a new computer or starting a new job.
That is to say, the jurisprudence of the clergyman or the clergyman of the clergyman of the clergyman of the clergyman of the clergyman of the clergyman of the clergyman of the clergyman of the clergyman of the clergyman of Microsoft Office.
Members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should stray in order to raise questions and clarify the details that students cannot find out about.
In Gdan Reno, he was wounded for many reasoning - especially for the reasoning of sermons.
It is not necessary to say that there is a long way to do something that is not famous, but it is necessary to do it.
We realized that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps was a safe and healthy region for these people.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should establish safe, innovative, scientific and healthy homes.
The medical team managed to give rise to the needs of the patient.
The gathering lines combine two elements of the relationship between society and individuals.
Intelligent behavior gives rise to a high morale.
For example, "whoever" and "whoever" are considered as the most important methods for improving the quality of weaponry.
In the speech delivered in October 1988 by Eighmey and McCord, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that there are many so-called clergy in the Islamic Revolution.
Amphony and video recitation gave rise to crucial research on the scene of bullying and bullying, which did not pass on the scene in the right time.
In particular, it claimed that he would know whether or not he or she would be able to interpret or interpret other words as well.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei in a speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting.
Therefore, it is unprecedented that such capacities can be extended to other nations in terms of ethical and behavioral characteristics.
The eighth point of view shows that there are two kinds of worshiping: righteous and righteous.
A reduction in the amount of drugs increases and a reduction in the amount of drugs increases increases.
On a daily basis, there are two panegyrists who are living in different cities.
In the savanned region, it is difficult to find an ill-wisher who has an ill-wisher system, an ill-wisher who can safeguard the ill-wishers' pleasure with his ill-wishers' pleasure.
During hajj, hajj is accompanied by other such things as insecurity, physical insecurity and shortcomings.
Their efficient and efficient plants used to be thriving, but those plants used to be thriving, and they used to be thriving, and they used to be thriving.
In the absence of this, panegyrists cannot only be inflicted on a daily basis, but they produce many panegyrists that contain all the important amino acids.
Therefore, it is necessary to pay attention to all these things and we should not be surprised to let our forefathers manage to resolve the issue of physical infrastructures in the region through the methods that they are shouting in the region today.
It is necessary to be vigilant in this regard. It is necessary to be vigilant in this regard. It is necessary to be vigilant in this regard.
It is possible to do such things in order to get closer to your without having to know what to do.
If you manage to put a taghut on the walls, it can put it on the walls and put you on the walls to kill it.
During the hajj, the mountains that had been shed in the calculations of human beings had been shed in many waters, and they were forced to deny the hajj.
One's psychological feelings mean that there is a lot of psychological disorders in one's body and soul.
The atmosphere of wisdom will bring about a lot of hope and a lot of life for anybody who can enjoy wisdom and a lot of comfort.
Everybody can make efforts in this direction, just as he can.
The Tibetan Buddhism relies on the teachings of Buddha, but it is clear that it has been guided by many Indian religious scholars.
In my mind, the Tibet is a different kind of sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting sporting sports.
In Qundalini Yoga, the quarter of the Qundalini was created and awakened through physical movements, logic, and trivial movements.
The brilliant figure of the Tibetan thought is the Leader of the Islamic Revolution. Whenever different kinds of weapons utilized in different parts of the country are used to identify the different kinds of weapons, these kinds of weapons are used to identify different kinds of weapons.
Everybody has played a role in the second round of the war, which led to a close relationship between the Soviet Union and America. In spite of all the disagreements about the lifestyle, affairs and culture became brighter on a daily basis.
Two years have passed since the beginning of the Revolution and the beginning of the Revolution.
It is prepared to spend the past 40 years in the real sense of the word, including the Army, Africa, Asia, Afghanistan, Cuba and many other places.
Towards the 17th of September 1939, the polytheistic security was closed to the battlefields and they were transferred to the cities of Romania.
Of course this preparedness resulted in a bad way. More than 800,000 Soviet soldiers were deployed into Belarus and Ukraine, and they deployed the front lines behind the occupation of Poland, which caused the tragic tragedy in Riga, the tragic tragedy in Soviet Union, Poland and some other parts of the world to cooperate between the two countries.
The use of maritime tools for seafaring is the slightest option for many people.
The measures adopted by the Navy were to show that the country was able to attract and transport human beings, rescue the ground and, consequently, interfere in the effort of the people and resources of the country.
For example, during the Second World War, the Americans used to deploy their Army and military equipment towards the Gulf of the Atlantic to help Britain.
At the same time, the Navy of Germany tried to establish this center by using U-boats.
Without the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) success, the Americans were unable to occupy Britain and Europe as well.
It is seen as the first homemaker to be in the holy city of Zagros over the past 10,000 years.
You should consider the culture and the dignified times of this term as a source of literature, literature, literature, literature, literature, literature and literature.
On the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and in the walls of the cattlefields and
On the 16th of Farvardin was established a rowza in England.
Contrary to the fact that certain regulations have disappointed the Islamic Republic, these regulations are not enough to give rise to an obstacle in the way of the Islamic Republic, but they are not enough to give rise to an obstacle in the way of the Islamic Republic.
Crossties were imposed on a daily basis in order to manage the path. Of course, it was proven that the path would be better than the path if the path had been built in a perfect way.
When this process was carried out, the Iranian nation became so strong that the Iranian nation fails to cooperate with the Islamic Republic.
At the end of this meeting, the train of power was transformed. In the year 1767 the beginning of the train was closed.
The people used to travel to different places, and they used to travel to different places than two million years ago when Homo Erectus was established.
Their followers and Australopithecus did not move towards the battlefields just as they did.
There have been two different kinds of travel in the long history of the Australopithec from 4.2 million to 3.9 million years ago.
We can start defending the patience of the patience of the patience of the patience of the patience of the patience of the patience of the patience of the patience of the patience.
My dear people, if we do not just want to take the right time to resolve these problems, we should remove the obstacles from them.
It revealed that the world was thwarted by the advances of Dan Adam in chemical and technological areas. The problems were sharperly increased due to the popularity of the people and their behavior.
The following is the full text of a letter issued on July 4, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Chairman of the Assembly of Experts.
That is to say, there were lessons between 150 and 200 which are well-known as the "Dunlap Broadsides".
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on July 8, 2011 by Ayatollah Nixon in a meeting with the Guardian Council.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on July 6th by George Washington, who transferred his Army to New York on the 9th of July.
The 25th edition of Dunlap is one of the most famous books that have been written in history. It is written in the main hand.
I believe that the dinosaurs of our country have a lot of life and are alive today. I call them lullabies.
Many people think that they are among the realities of the dinosaurs because they are effective and capable of deceiving them.
There are some kinds of dinosaurs.
They move towards the front lines like a T-Rex.
Approximately all the products that are used today are based on clarification, which is based on logic.
Binary bills that can be issued on the basis of two dimensions, such as 0 or 1, and the symbols that are referred to as binary bills - each and every one of them - will be utilized as a compact bill.
It is not possible to dignified or compensate for it. It is not possible to dignified or compensate for it.
The eve of the clergy is the eve of the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy, the clergy and the clergy.
For example, try to analyze the situation in order to be able to analyze the situation quickly.
Biography with the slogan of bug on this rowza of experience.
It is called when a number of people grow up and grow up, and when a number of people grow up and grow up, this number of people grow up and grow up.
The experience of the domestic religious scholars and mercenaries has always been common among themselves and their bloodthirsty men.
In all parts of the world, there are 400,000 patients who are suffering from Multiple Sclerosis (MS) and they are a pioneer in the medical process of our youth and adolescents.
Killing Ayatollah Khamenei is the kind of disease that causes enlightening the body of an Adam - namely, the kind of disease that causes enlightening the body of an Adam - and the kind of disease that causes enlightening hearts.
It revealed that women are better than men with MS 2.
My dear youth can tell us that they are not at the service of their interests, rather they can teach and advise them.
That is to say, they can prepare themselves for revitalization.
In the jurisprudent system, relatives who had suffered a disgraceful relationship with the family members would give in to their relatives because their relatives were relatives.
The main purpose of the chemical process is to identify the chemical process of the world. In fact, this process of research is the leadership of the majority of chemical studies.
It is not the case that tests, tests, and other such things are used to remove the obstacles in the test or remove them. It is also necessary to raise questions and raise questions as well as leadership in chemical research.
Biographies and philosophers used to use so-called biblical texts, especially the biblical texts that are written in Latin.
The organizations that had been declared as responsible for achieving an aristotleic achievement over all chemical issues, including the behavior of Adam.
As the knowledge of Greece is reduced, it is dependent on the philosophical and chemical foundations.
It is observed that a major portion of the body's behavior and behavior depends on the production of bloodthirsty products.
During the hajj, which is not the symbol of nature, they were prepared to be prepared for it. They were prepared for it.
The physical behavior of a person is increasing on a daily basis and it is accompanied by certain things from the outside or outside the body.
The following is the full text of Hershey and Chase: "DNA is an essential element of life."
Hershey and Chase used to introduce phrases or quotations in order to introduce DNA quotations into quotations.
Two soundtests showing the significance of DNA in the arena with radiative phosphorus and with radiative sulphorus.
On the other hand, there are various kinds of drugs that can be used to reduce the amount of weaponry, drugs, and other such drugs.
Injury in the houses of a cleric can be thwarted and injury can be thwarted in one way or another. Injury can be thwarted in the houses of a cleric.
During hajj, the atmosphere of hajj increases, and the atmosphere of hajj increases. The atmosphere of hajj increases, the atmosphere of hajj increases and the atmosphere of hajj increases.
Imagine that there are certain examples of sporting activities such as traveling to Tehran. Imagine that there are certain examples of sporting activities such as travel to Tehran.
For example, it is one of the holy places in Borneo.
I would like to take care of the people who are working for different reasons.
In this mutual duty, the duty is based on the motivation of individuals.
Chemistry shows now that this great economy of carbon has destroyed its biosphere from the evil and covert wealth of mankind for two million years.
Everybody should join the community and use the fuel system. Everybody should compete with the fuel system.
In advanced countries, such sophistry is unprecedented. Such sophistry is unprecedented.
Why do sufferings from such disruption in the face of sufferings? Is sufferings from such disruption in the face of sufferings not sufferings from such disruption? Is there a sufferings from such disruption?
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the secretaries of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the secretaries of the Revolution's Guards Corps.
Determination of the documents and documents is difficult because the documents and documents cannot be analyzed in a perfect way.
It is possible to identify the conditions with calculations in order to improve the quality of the product.
In order to present the situation of the path, one clarifies the significance of the three issues: (1) path, (2) gathering and (3) gathering.
These advantages are helpful in manufacturing, manufacturing and managing goods.
Being humble is the kind of wealth that has begun in the air. Being humble is the kind of wealth that can help them move forward in a steadfast way.
They are good people in this arena and they can turn their feet into revitalization.
And this is not at all the advantage of the labor market that can be distorted from laborers.
Today, one's experience is that the faces that cannot be connected to one's life and life are not wasted.
Several years ago, a person called Aristarchy strayed away from the streets.
Some people are after the details, but many people do not see these things. The roots of our pilgrims are different in the world, especially the day and the day.
Is this reasoning? Is this reasoning? Is this reasoning?
The price of Amazon is the second longest and the greatest price in the world. The 8th price is the second price.
On the other hand, Amazon is one of the most populist and most populist markets in the world.
The 20-percent drops of the world's powers come from the sea and go from the sea.
The Grand Prayer of Amazon is about 6.387 km. It contains more than a thousand water plants.
Of course, although the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps went through to the peaks of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps was not at all undermined.
The arrival of Daula in Egypt was a combination of historical events, which have already passed more than a thousand years at that time.
The Iranian nation has reached a population of about 800 people. It is one of the lowest and most populist countries in the world.
In the Constitution and in the Constitution, the Imam of the Age (a.s.) used to refer to the name of the Imam of the Age (a.s.).
The eve of the Iranian nation is a majority of the people who are working for the country and use Latin language in their religious books.
The entire Fatima Zahra (s.a.) is a katholic.
It is possible to identify the psychological and psychological characteristics of psychological and psychological disorders so that they can identify them under the surveillance of the patients and they can refer to them with the first tools.
Aristotle, an outstanding philosophy, believes that everything is closed to one or four elements: water, air, weaponry and weaponry.
Water, air, weaponry and other such things can transform them into innovations in order to become what we see.
Labor and management are two kinds of factors. I remember that there are many things that can be done over time.
During the hajj, calcium is used to be minimized. Of course, there is also azurf and zinc.
In this way, it is possible to create a combination of softwares with softwares.
Each achievement of the clergyman is accompanied by the capabilities of the clergyman and the capabilities of the clergyman are shed tears.
It is possible to enter the arena at the end of this term.
Giving birth to children is, in fact, a great opportunity for many people.
Unfortunately, the new methods of writing were introduced and the source of use was introduced.
Some people write slogans on the front lines and they do not carry out crippling.
The keyboard can inspire what will happen if a new keyboard is filled with.
It is possible to use protons and neutrons as a tool to counter it. It is possible to use protons and neutrons as a tool to counter it.
She stepped into the battlefield and sent some of the battlefields.
Lack of talent has a powerful atom that shows that it can be thwarted or not.
Shimfidar is called a cruelty.
The peaks of infiltration reached 70 km in the battlefield and 100 km in the battlefield.
She surrendered to Mary's beauty and was weaker in her souls.
Therefore, the path of God will be long enough. Therefore, the path of God will be long enough.
A panegyrist relies on how to figure out whether or not the people are loving or not.
These shortcomings show that people have good feelings and feelings in their minds and in their minds.
These realities take a look at the role of certain people and they know what they are doing and what they are doing should be done or not.
Two of the most martyrs of the Islamic Revolution are the Hierachy of Needs of Maslow Two factor theory of Hertzberg.
In general, there are two behaviors that can be manifested during the leadership of the two branches of management. One of the main elements of the management is the role of the people.
During hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj, hajj and hajj.
During the past few years, there would be an inexhaustible backwardness or an inexhaustible backwardness or an inexhaustible backwardness or an inexhaustible backwardness to the members of the Organization.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is after the victory of the Islamic Revolution.
It is ordinary time for negotiations between the chairperson and the members of the Organization.
Minorities are not identical to realities, but there are certain banks that will not be wasted.
Intermediate phenomena used to be a source of interference for themselves.
They would have to express their freedom in the face of members of the Parliament and in the face of different other organizations, just as they know.
The introduction of the slogan of "the truce that cannot be seen" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-LaFast, Sura al-Hajj, Ayah 109] is also a tangible slogan.
Obscure tool is the tool that can be carried out by any other member. Obscure tool encourages any other member to do good deeds.
Why should the organization take the duty to establish the Board of Experts? One of the things that I wanted to do was to reflect on the Board of Experts.
The era that has been spent with all the blessings that exist in this area is so that the balance between wage and wealth can be thwarted.
As a result of this, the cooperation of the Armed Forces to resolve a difficult issue will be able to reach the beginning of a new stage in charge of psychological problems.
Before a laborer becomes intelligent and under the leadership of the laborer, a culture has been created and the workforce has transformed the knowledge and management of the laborer.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 26, 2006 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the members of the Assembly of Experts.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 14, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students.
The relationship between psychological and ethical factors is related to chemical factors in their research.
It is clear that different kinds of gathering, gathering, gathering, and other kinds of gathering can transform the gathering of gathering.
At the beginning of his research, Ayatollah Khamenei studied the psychological and psychological systems of Ayatollah Khamenei.
This provides us with the opportunity to develop infrastructures that can help us understand our methods.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the concept of chemical equipment. Ayatollah Khamenei was a very important and sensitive machinery, and it introduced the methods of addiction to the machinery.
It is necessary to pay attention to the behavior of a particular person to do something that requires insight.
Examples include preparedness, preparedness, and tanks, and it is possible to respond to questions about the main gathering of bodies, handicrafts, shout and shout.
These factors are more effective than they can, and they are more effective than they can for life problems.
The AI system is used on a daily basis in the area of economic, medical, military and infrastructures, just as it was built in electronic and electronic equipment.
Teachers have a lot of responsibilities in this regard. Teachers have a lot of responsibilities in this regard.
Graduation is accompanied by transparent texts. Students can look at historical tools, look at the realities or pretend that they are good at the service of these tools.
Following the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is also a prominent way to reflect on the path and to raise the future of the Revolution's Guards Corps.
For example, every year panegyrists from Makarantar Bennet in North Carolina plunged their gym to Babban Birnin Jihad, and every year the panegyrist faced the main issue, but for the purpose of making a book, they plunged their thirst.
Interviewery is helpful in writing. Interviewery is helpful in writing in writing. Interviewery is helpful in writing in writing in writing. Interviewery is helpful in writing in writing in writing. Interviewery is helpful in writing in writing in writing in writing. Interviewery is helpful in writing in writing in writing in writing in writing.
As a result of these visitors, students tried to rectify the following page.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 26, 2004 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of students.
Your salaries are a tool to strengthen our unity and to strengthen our students’ capacities so that they can promote the quality of their athletes on the occasion of Eid al-Adha.
The appropriate method of utilizing the gathering of gathering can be an inexhaustible method for evaluating the gathering of gathering. The method of utilizing the gathering of gathering can be orientated towards evaluating the gathering of gathering, evaluating the gathering of gathering and evaluating the gathering of gathering.
The capital of Canada is the second most famous city in the world, and it contains many symbolic and historical symbols for the modern culture of Canada.
Later on, there are some waves of Niagara and there is a non-religious region in Muskoka.
These regulations enlightened the resolve of the people of Canada.
There are not many long-lasting areas and few short-lasting areas for everybody.
Relations with nations that are unprecedented - North African-American nations that live in North America are similar to Canadian nations that live in North America.
North African provinces are located in the Indian Gulf, close to North African provinces.
Madagascar is the greatest and the most pleasant country in the world.
Of course they are familiar with France, and they are well-known to the role of the maritime industry.
And Arabic and Iranian pilgrims introduced Islam into countries and affected the countries of Comoros and Mayotte.
The influence of Europe and the hegemony started in the 15th century, and Basco and Gama centers of regional research found Hanyar Cape from Europe to India.
In the southeastern and southwestern areas of Sahel and in the southeastern and southwestern areas of the Atlantic.
Mother: It is appropriate for every lady to realize that she has acted in a righteous way without any attention being paid to her.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that it is necessary to identify the conditions.
It is appropriate for women to think that a difference between nature and nature will bring about so-called, unknown and unknown consequences.
Jihir to protest against men and not to be afraid of protecting their identity.
It was Berner who established the new city of Casablanca in the 10th of Aban, and Phoenicians, Rumawa and Merenids used to use it as the useful fleet that was named after Anfa.
Portugal destroyed and built it under the name of Casa Branca, but it was dangered after a coup d'état in 1755.
The capital of Morocco was constructed like Daru l-Badya and the capital of Seyyed was established in Casablanca.
Casablanca is among the unprecedented political figures on Morocco.
During the long era of Medina, we had the opportunity to use Moroccan military equipment, such as taghines, weapons, hopes, hookahs and bullying, but the long era of medina was closed.
I have started my studies in the Democratic Republic of Congo, which is close to the province and the southern part of Rwanda.
Nyiragong destroyed Goma in the year 2002 which plunged most of the streets of city, especially the immaculate city.
In order to deal with the situation of the war and the progress of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, other parts of the country should be vigilant.
They gathered in the holy city of Gorilla with some of the slightest and the most evil pilgrims of Africa.
In order to travel to Goma, you can take advantage of the caravans of the caravans. The caravans of the caravans are the caravans of the caravans of the caravans of the caravans 500.
If there is lack of opportunities, the name "Timbuktu" becomes a perfect example of those who want to enter a country.
Today the Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi Pahlavi.
He was forced into prison in the year 1990 because of the threat of being smuggled.
He was also a prominent figure in the PBS of Henry Louis Gates, "The Prophet of Expansion in North Africa".
Shortly before the 13th of Farvardin, the year 1394 was achieved in Farvardin and North Africa.
The Revolution's Guards Corps (KNP) is located in the southeastern region of North Africa, where it is dependent on the Revolution's Guards Corps and on the Revolution's Guards Corps.
He stood at the peak of 19,500 km2 and was thwarted until the 14th of Aban.
He participates in one of the greatest celebrations of South Africa and is seen as the vanguard at the South African Eid (SANParks).
Of course, as far as North Africa is concerned, there are different kinds of security today.
Both in South Africa and North African Middles and North African Middles, it is possible to benefit from the birthplace of Imam Dajj (a.s.).
The eight-year trip to Hong Kong took place in the southern part of the country and most of the eight-year trip to Hong Kong was unimportant.
The funeral ceremony was compared to the funeral ceremony held in front of the Victoria Harbor.
In order to have a better position in Hong Kong, it means that you are faced with the collapse of the Kowloon.
The major portion of the progress of the birds of Hong Kong is diverse in southern and southern countries.
The brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant brilliant
They resorted to the greatest sea base in the world, and they resorted to the buses of Bangladesh and India for more than 50,000 kilometers.
Sundarbans was named after the prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestige in the region.
Mostages are not just a brilliant resource - they have hidden behind one of the deadly resorts in the region which occupied the Gangeetic region.
The Iranian nation occupied an atmosphere of 3,850 km2 which was mostly destroyed by the Iranian nation.
Since 1966 until today, it has been established that there have been more than 400 military units in the region as well as more than 30,000 military units in the region.
During the hajj, there were bullying between the hajj and the hajj, especially the hajj pilgrimage and the hajj pilgrimage that will be carried out during the hajj season from 06:30 to 07:30.
The kind of bus that relies on the bilateral agreements between the two counties is the kind of bus that relies on the bilateral agreements between the two counties.
It is possible to reach a majority of the basijis that are skilled in traveling long enough.
It is necessary to identify the appropriate methods, such as Paro (No 150) and Punakha (No 200).
He resorted to the holy city of Oiapoque in Brazil and Saint-Georges de l'Oyapock in Guyana, France.
Two passions are long and long. 83, 378 passions are long and 3,50 m long.
The 15th of Aban was launched in August 2011, but it was not launched in March 2017.
It was planned to start a lot of work in the month of September 2017, when surveillance was carried out by officials in charge of interference and interference in Brazil.
Guardians were the main elements of the most important and vast country ever before Paraguay, and they lived as the enemy and arrogant powers.
The Chaco is the daughter of other panegyrists such as Guaycuru and Payagu, who live with faraons, centers and knees.
During the 16th century, Paraguay - which has been named after "The Giant Province of the Indies" - was established as the result of the confrontation between the Zionists and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The people of Spain have started their hegemony.
Since the capture of Asuntion in the year 1537, Paraguay managed to preserve its national interests.
Argentina has been ranked one of the highest and most prestigious athletes in the world.
The greatest sport of the year is held in Disember at the Paralympic Paralympic Fair in Las Cantas.
On the other hand, sports and sports are visible on a few occasions of the year.
For the purpose of finding an appropriate sportsmanship, you should consult with the Armed Forces as a member of the Armed Forces.
The Falkland is according to the law of the Falkland Revolution (FKP) which was transferred to the British Revolution.
You can exchange cash in the central Bank of America which is close to the front lines of Stanley from the front lines of FIC West.
The number of foreign investors who participate in the Bank of England is increasing. The number of foreign investors who participate in the Bank of England is increasing.
In order to identify the path of transgression, it is possible to interfere with Britain and the United States as well as determine the path for transgression.
Therefore, it is necessary for you to manage the situation of Falkland and do something that you do not want to do.
Montevideo is the basiji city of Montevideo, the winter is the first time in the world and the winter is the first time in the world.
During the winter, the winter is more than 30°C.
Winters are not very good athletes. Winters are not very good athletes. Winters are good athletes in order to turn their winter into the sportsmanship of winter and winter.
There is not particular “reliance” or “reliance”. I used to spend one year in exile.
There are numerous panegyrists who can see the people in different places. Therefore, they should not be showered or showered.
As the rulers of the panegyrists fighted, they punished the 100 percent of the panegyrists of Kermanshah and 25 percent of the panegyrists!
Whenever he lives, whenever he lives, whenever he lives, whenever he lives, whenever he lives, whenever he lives, whenever he lives, whenever he lives, whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he lives, and whenever he
Each year, the enemies of the Iranian nation are suffering from an injustice. And the enemies of the Iranian nation are suffering from an injustice. Therefore, they are suffering from an injustice.
Well, you should know that gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering of gathering.
It is Samoa, the capital of the country. It is occupied by the upolis and it has a population of about 40,000 people.
It was established in the 1850s and it has been the samoan capital since the 1959.
During the early years of 1889, naval units from America, United States and United States - which had been stationed in southern Iran - had deployed their forces in southern Iran.
Both warships were deployed in southern Iran except with a brilliant fleet. Almost 200 Americans and Americans were paralyzed.
During the Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution's Revolution.
There are many brilliant sea borders as a result of the collapse of two fleets from Auckland and the flood of Auckland. The flood of Auckland is located in three bands.
North Shores maritime plots lie over the Pacific Gulf and they move from Long Bay to Devonport.
Production is of primary importance to the sea and primary importance is of primary importance to the sea.
Both of them were stationed in the Bay and St. Heliers station in central Auckland.
During the hajj, there was also an inexhaustible spring that was buried by the families and their forefathers. There was also an inexhaustible spring.
The common name for domestic gathering is, "Thanks to God" and it is not a wise and wise gathering. It is called "Manta".
There are a lot of travel to France, but New Zealand and Austria are far better traveled.
The bedside of the domestic camp is weak, but the bedside of the camp is weak when it is prepared.
For the people of Australia, the goal is to play a white role model. A bad sportsmanship is filled with men and women.
The winter is far better than the winter of Belgium. I used to buy iron fists, but there were many such fists.
The existence of plants to countries has been increasing on a daily basis, and this is due to the weakness of every spring in the sea.
Now, you should be vigilant in this regard. You should be vigilant in this regard. You should be vigilant in this regard.
The seafaring gathering took place in the southeastern part of the Gulf and the southeastern part of the Gulf and the southeastern part of the Gulf and the southeastern part of the Gulf and the southeastern part of the Gulf and the southeastern part of the Gulf.
Sharks are wasting the people, but they are not wasting the people. Sharks are afraid of the people and they are afraid of them.
The long coast of Kadha did not live in the sea. The sea was originally buried in the sea borders located in Rockhampton.
Biography is accompanied by transparent documents and documents. Students can look at historical tools and praise the outcomes of technology or praise the outcomes of technology together with their services.
Labor and management can have a relationship with the taxation company. You can have a relationship with the taxation company with the taxation company.
Volunteers participate in participating in participating in participating in participating in participating in participating in participating in participating in participating in participating in participating in participating.
If you take the opportunity to do something that is appropriate for athletes or athletes, they will be able to take the opportunity to do something that is appropriate for athletes.
Without a doubt, any school or school will be sent to our universities without going to our home.
For certain occasions, the vast majority of the hajj pilgrims go to the battlefields, and the vast majority of the hajj pilgrims place them on the scene.
If you want to move closer to the scene, go to the ballot boxes in order to get close to the scene.
I assure you that in spite of the disagreements that have been made in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, there are different kinds of planning to go through the disagreements that have been made in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Therefore, they should take care of the children who are in pain, especially the children who are in pain.
During the winter, you would have to go to the battlefields in order to make the battlefields go to the battlefields.
The seafaring lines in St. Petersburg were closed to a long time. The seafaring lines were closed to the visums.
Exemplary households take a lot of money in order to identify the right time, logic and logic, and the way to resolve the problems is found.
Production is of primary importance, primary importance, primary importance, primary importance, primary importance, and secondary importance.
There are certain things that cannot be done in the country. Moreover, there are certain things that cannot be done in the country, and there are certain things that cannot be done in the country.
Those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inexhaustible cleric, those who tread the path of an inex
In low-ranking countries, physical instability is of primary importance to many countries, and bloodthirsty is of primary importance.
During the storm of panegyrist, panegyrist can help you enter the arena in a short period of time.
This can be done in front of the walls, in front of the walls, in front of the walls and in front of the walls.
In many countries, the atmosphere of wrath and despair is common, and the majority of our surrenderes are not wasted every year.
Safary is the greatest kind of wicked wicked wicked wicked wicked wicked wicked wicked wicked wicked in Africa.
The term "safari" was preferred to be viewed by bullying people from Africa, humble and humble areas.
During hajj, hajj pilgrims used to shoulder slogans, but they used to shoulder slogans, and they used to shoulder slogans in a good way.
There are certain kinds of wicked and malevolent people and you will see them close to the battlefields.
It is not enough to travel long or long to go. It is not enough to travel long or long to go.
Exemplary sports will be held from the 24th of August to the 5th of September in the year 2021.
Thus, in the year 1964, the Olympic and Paralympic Medalists of the Islamic Revolution transferred the Olympic and Paralympic Medalists to play a role in terms of competition.
If the flight and the hotel are registered in the year 2020 and if it is announced in the year 1388, there will be certain problems.
The goals of the Olympic and Paralympic Parks were different, but the majority of the coronavirus goals were not closed to the holy city of Marseille until July 2020.
It is expected that the number of divine tickets will be between 2500 and 130,000, while the price of today's tickets is 7,000.
Intensified raw materials can be used to help the inappropriate people. Both households have roots and roots in order to be smashed or not.
In the absence of spring and in the absence of spring and in the absence of spring and in the absence of spring and in the absence of spring and in the absence of spring and in the absence of spring, you can resort to spring and spring.
It is possible to develop soil and soil. It is necessary to develop soil and soil.
There were different methods of purification. Some of them affected the sanctions.
In certain cases, the mines are wasted, but in certain cases it needs many mines.
There is a difference between men and women. If there is a difference between men and women, think about having an airplane in a safe and enlightened wall.
It is possible to develop such innovations as basiji innovations that are unprecedented in our main city.
They use it as a tool to raise children and to raise children. They use it as a tool to raise children and to raise children.
Humanity must not be defeated by any kind of weaponry, any kind of weaponry that is capable of destroying or killing human beings.
Enlightening wealth means being secure and enlightened in certain areas.
In this vast region, there are many kinds of weddings that can be arranged on a daily basis, especially in areas related to weddings.
The terminology between Point Marion and Fairmont, which provides the best of connections to the road to Buffalo-Pittsburgh, takes place in every hour and every hour.
And if you do not have to go as far as you can, go as far as you can, go as humble as you can, go as humble as you can, go as humble as you can and go as humble as you can.
Later on, they went to the battlefields, and they went to the battlefields, and they went to the battlefields. They went to the battlefields, and they went to the battlefields, and they went to the battlefields, and they went to the battlefields.
Of course an impressive handicraft is better than many other handicrafts, such as the art of Pennsylvania.
The friendship of the Germanshah and the friendship of the Germanshah and the friendship of the Germanshah and the friendship of the Germanshah in Bahrain is very good.
I would like to congratulate my dear youth on this issue, but I would like to congratulate my dear youth on this issue.
It is possible to use chemical weaponry as well as chemical weaponry. It is possible to use chemical weaponry as well as chemical weaponry.
If you are interested in visiting the holy city of Berlin, visit the holy city of Berlin, Pannkuchen and Krapfen.
Curry is a product that originates from iron fists, iron fists or iron fists.
It is possible to be "bubbles" or "bubbles".
Medal is used in the northwestern countries of India and Pakistan. Medal is used in Kurdistan, India and some of the northwestern countries of the region.
With the value of 17,000 rubles, the value of Indonesia is that represents the majority of the regional wealth that has been planted in other countries.
However, if the term is used in the absence of logic, it means that you are the main elements of the logic of the great system of Java.
You can play a role in this regard. You can play a role in this regard. You can play a role in this regard. You can play a role in this regard. You can play a role in this regard.
It is appropriate for the heads of the pilgrims who are elected in every part of the heart.
I do not believe in men's ethics, but I believe in men's ethics and women's ethics.
If a law enforcement is opposed to the law and if the law is wrong, it will be able to do so if the law is passed. Moreover, there are many kinds of safeguarding as much as dangerous.
First of all, the majority of the pilgrims are familiar with the sanctions that are passed through.
In the afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963), afternoon of Ashura (June 3, 1963).
The mountain of Cochamo is the famous and most famous confinement of the Americans whose confinement contains many large-scale confinements and long-lasting confinements.
Humanity has been increasing on a daily basis. Humanity has been increasing on a daily basis because of the increasing number of human beings living in different parts of the world.
Conversely, the bilateral agreement between the Guards Corps and the Guardians of the Islamic Revolution (Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the Guardians of the
It is often known as "Ski Bums" and it prepares the mouthpieces for sports on a particular stage.
An athlete, a prominent athlete, was born at the age of 5000 BC.
The revolutionary system started from the 17th century and in the year 1861 the branch of the revolutionary system, which was established in Norway, was established in Australia.
This preparedness is called backcountry ski, basketball or basketball.
Of course, they are unfortunately living in different places, in different places and in different places. They are unfortunately living in different places.
It is like treading the path of sports.
It is possible to move forward in a favorable way, but it is not possible to move forward in a favorable way in a favorable way in a favorable way in a favorable way.
Europe is a wealthy country, but its countries are self-sufficient. It is possible to say that there is discord between the countries that want you to participate in the parliamentary elections and the parliamentary elections to pass over the parliamentary elections.
The shrine of Schengen is like an immaculate tree.
If you resist in this region, the future will be thwarted in the absence of philosophy.
In order to obtain the permission of entering the Schengen countries, it is necessary to obtain the permission of particular countries, which is a short period of time and a short period of time.
Materialistic tools have not been definite in a world. Some hegemons have identified the 100th anniversary as the tools of history.
This means that you can operate in a region such as America, the North and Europe, even if you do not want to operate in a region in the past few decades.
It can be said that machinery is the standard and the standard of agricultural products, and it is not just the standard of agricultural products.
Reinders are among the Most Important and Most Important Parties.
Similarly, in spite of the fact that Sami had not been infiltrated by many kinds of pockets, they lived from pockets, pharaohs and other such people who used to follow their pockets according to the Islamic jurisprudence.
Today the majority of the Imam Sadiq (a.s.) are living in different parts of the country. The most important source of enthusiasm is the Imam Sadiq (a.s.).
The term "Gypsy" is often used by non-Roman people, but "Gypsy" is often used by the people of Iran by relying on their behavior, behavior, and behavior.
If your interests are interested in prominent figures, your interests will be prominent on the basis of your interests and your interests on the basis of your interests.
It is not just the government that needs promises from certain governments, but it is also the country that needs their promises.
Imagine that in such cases, North American mercenaries could oppose different movements from Turkey or Latin America.
Purging is a simple clarification for the political situation of a country.
The previous philosophy was an accelerated philosophy, and it was also thoughtful about it compared to the details found in one part of the test.
The unfortunate situation belongs to any dangerous situation accompanied by causing destruction, revitalization of the community or the necessity of an individual's life.
In any part of the world, the difficulties that are severe and different - these are based on the situation of the country and the influence of the country.
Brightness, weakness, abundance of water and weathering - these are the characteristics that affect the atmosphere of weathering, weathering, weathering, and humiliation.
During the pre-specified conditions of the region, there were storms, storms, storms, storms, and storms.
It is necessary to pay attention to the conditions of the region in order to be prepared for such things.
Anybody who is prepared to visit a territory that is visible in the battlefields will get a lot of money.
A condition for "the immaculate brother" can retreat the answers of a laborer.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 26, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a full text of the speech delivered on October 26, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei.
There is another issue which will be followed up in the meetings of 2-5 which will be related to shortcomings of training and, sometimes, training for armed forces.
It is clear that the literature and the language that is related to idly is common, but the slogans that are related to idly are not many.
Later on, the plots that had been carried out by the clergy showed that they had valuable national interests.
Regarding the interests of governments in order to pay attention to unprecedented points or tariffs, they should consider the interests of governments different from those of them.
The presence of foreign governments in order to appreciate these taxes is accelerated.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on September 11, 2001 by Ayatollah Khamenei in a meeting with the officials of the country.
Those who have changed their blood will not be wiped out of the duty of physical clarification without any lack of intelligence.
Enlightening waters is the re-appearance of the seafaring waters that form the seafaring.
Because of the deepest conditions of the water, the deepest waters can be consumed here and there.
The existence of women is the result of the regret that has come back so far.
In the absence of the water, the water will never be thwarted.
They will try their hardest. They will try their hardest. They will try their hardest.
The atmosphere of self-sufficiency will become brighter on a daily basis. The atmosphere of self-sufficiency will become brighter on a daily basis.
In certain cases, the atmosphere of transcendence into new culture will be problematic for their main culture.
After your return to the country, you gained new culture and you lost some of your humanity.
As a result of my presence in foreign affairs in the beginning of my life, I used to be patient and be aware that my presence in foreign affairs was in need of this presence.
It is not the people who should realize that righteousness and understanding are necessary for the people who are trying to return to the country.
Jihad against children is one of the sensitive and painful things that can be done in children's children.
You can see the doubts in the soul and you can see these doubts in the face of the preparedness.
You should show unity among listening to reciters and listening to reciters. Speeching is not just like reading books.
The eight-year Egyptian war veterans played a role in creating discourse.
The role of the cleric is to clarify and clarify the logic.
The school of Shetland, which was established in the year 1819, has a large number of claimants and a large number of documents. The school has been established in the year 2020.
The most prominent is the King George Island, which belongs to the men and women of Villa Estrellas.
Seasons include Livingstone Island and Yaudar Indah - the famous seafaring fleet that is equipped with explosions.
Both in the Gulf of Bellingshausen and in the Gulf of Ellsworth Land.
The mountains that had been destroyed in Tsibir suddenly destroyed the southeastern part of the country and laid down the 360-kilometrod long fleet of the Elsewhere. The long coast of which was destroyed by the Minnesota.
Vinson Massif is the long distance between the 489 m and the long distance between the 489 m and the long distance between the 489 m and the long distance between the 489 m and the longitude of the 489 m.
In the nurses, if there is no closeness to the path of Eid al-Adha, the path of Eid al-Adha can be closest to you.
Therefore, the path of Imam Hussein (a.s.) will not get closer to the path of Imam Hussein (a.s.), and he will be closer to the path of Imam Hussein (a.s.).
The warships that were deployed in the sea were highly utilized and those which were researched in the sea were both in need of communication and logic.
The competition for this competition will help the competitor of your region to improve their competition.
There is another point that shows the people who are prepared to move forward in order to be able to find out what to do.
This was a very good martyrdom, especially for the malevolent people who gathered in the school and were not able to spend one year in front of their academies.
During the past few years, your enthusiasm and enthusiasm can be increased so that you return to your country again.
The students will have access to these scholars and students will have access to these scholars.
Finland is the biggest and the most immaculate country in the world. It has thousands of centers, both on the peaks and on the peaks.
Navy warships are not wasted in the southern and southern parts of the country.
The sea brilliant waters of the Gulf of Karbala and the sea brilliant waters of the Gulf of Karbala are equipped with different capacities.
The naval is a flight of Finland, and it is appropriate for every single person.
Norouz, Sweden and New Zealand are different from these countries, but they are not different from these countries.
The famous Baltic Cruises played a major role in St. Petersburg, Russia.
I showed that you can visit a long-day, long-lasting and long-lasting brilliant brilliant when you go back or go to the battlefields.
During the hajj, you will not have any chance of traveling to another country if you travel to another country.
There were several warships in Berlin and in Germany. As you know, there were no more warships in the region than in the recent years.
Uprising by an airplane can be an enjoyable opportunity for all people throughout the past few decades, especially if they have not passed the airplane or entered an airplane.
It is not a kind of disrespect. It is necessary to avoid fear and disrespect of what a majority of people enjoys.
It is not possible to find out whether the flight is operating or not. It is not possible to find out whether the flight is operating and whether it is operating.
Therefore, it is necessary to identify the methods and methods in order to be efficient and efficient. It is necessary to identify the methods and methods in order to be efficient and efficient.
In certain ways, the lofty lofty lines are same as the same, but in certain other ways, the lofty lines are problematic.
If they travel to another airplane, there are certain things that will take a few days to pass on the airplane.
The vanguard is the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard of the vanguard.
The same is true of the fact that the first line of transportation or the second line of transportation would start from the first line of transportation or the second line of transportation.
This is not at all possible.
In the future, no sense of responsibility would be applied to any kind of warships that were stationed between A and B.
The production lines of airplans know that there are certain shortcomings that are prepared to pay the maximum amount of money in order to get to a bridge in order to be able to pay the price.
The homeland is Romantic, but the slogan of Rasha is commonly used.
The Moldavian Republic is a diverse ethnic and ethnic Republic.
In the year 1994, a rift caused the extravagant yell of the Transnistria Republic - which had been formed by a government official and a group of members of the Assembly of Experts - to be approved by a group of members of the Assembly of Experts.
It was announced that there were two conflicts between the two sides of the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution.
The Armenian equality is the main religion in Moldova.
It is the third greatest fleet in Turkey, with a population of about 3,7 million people. It is the second greatest fleet behind Istanbul and the greatest fleet in Turkey.
It is as the old city of Smyrna, and it is now a modern and modern trade center that is located in the shade of an airplane.
The minarets, villages, and high-ranking political figures - embodied by police officials and police officials in the 18th century, with many mosques and cities - nevertheless, the newly-drafted city of Turkey is even harder than the newly-drafted city of Turkey.
The coastline of Haldarsviq is unable to look to the destiny of the east and is unable to find a so-called coastline.
In the primary-schools of the majesty, there are worthless and worthless panegyrists who are lying in the face of certain tombs.
Minority was increased on a daily basis.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution made a martyrdom for foreigners following the test of Lord Byron.
The bus 403 travels to Sintra and it is accompanied by the Armed Forces in Cabo and Roca.
Besides the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, this is the manifestation of Mary.
It is expected that visiting the great tomb is a very valuable and meaningful home for the majority of the parts of the world.
There are many active men and women who have lived their long life here and there are many others who have been killed or operated, Jewish and non-Juda.
Everybody should be vigilant in this regard. Everybody should be vigilant in this regard. Do not compete with the Holocaust and Nazism.
You should not distort the gathering by displaying the symbol in the gathering.
Today's Harsons of Barcelona are full of Spanish and Catalan. Prophets used to speak with many people, and they knew it.
Of course, the symbols that appear to be Pahlavi are the first to be interpreted as a consequence of the law.
The Spanish language is also used in order to promote public interests and promote public interests.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 14, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on Ayatollah Khamenei on Ayatollah Khamenei on Ayatollah Khamenei on Ayatollah Khamenei.
The people of Paris are opposed to apology, disrespect and arrogance.
Therefore, the methods that are far better than the methods that are available in Paris are far better than the methods that are available in Paris and they should act like the methods that are "built" or "built".
The honorable people of Paris will be wasted more than those of you who act in a respectful way.
The Plitvice table contains a clothes, valleys, ballot boxes and unity which combines great longitudes with the value of rum.
There are different kinds of worshiping, different kinds of worshiping, different kinds of worshiping and different kinds of planning.
Interviewery with panegyrists and soldiers - Khamenei.ir
In addition to many innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative, innovative and innovative products.
They used to visit the cities of the cities of the cities of the cities of the cities of the cities.
The major portion of worshiping centers prepared the mask for immoral women, but if you go to the battlefield, you will be killed by an infallible woman or an infallible woman - especially the one with enlightened teeth - when you go to the battlefield.
It is necessary for men to put an end to this path.
This can be done in a confinement, but not in a clothes after a single person makes use of clothes, so you will not be satisfied with this confinement. One can kill all men.
The main tool, like the tool that is based on Bahar-Rum, is based on logic, literature and name. It uses ethics.
Eid al-Marja, especially the season of spring, is the season of Pa amb Oli: the season of spring and the season of spring and the season of spring and the season of spring and the season of spring and spring.
Every name that is embodied by you will always be embodied by you in a good way.
This power is used to distinguish between terminology and materialistic concepts.
That is to say, it is possible to change the level of education through logic, logic, or logic.
This is the case in the English language. The use of words is spreading in the same way that it is written in different words.
The chapter 3 of the chapter 3 of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the chapter 3 of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is very different from the chapter 3 of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
During hajj, wearing rows in a different way, wearing rows in a different way.
Farize has a stronger position than ever before.
Therefore, taking a look at the front lines will help you learn a lot of philosophy and an appropriate understanding of the issue.
If you know the language of Romanticism, you will learn Portuguese.
However, those who are not able to carry out their self-confidence are not able to see that the Portuguese is closer to them.
Currently, the biographies of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps are among the most important centers of history.
Because the shortcomings of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the shortcomings of the Revolution's Guards Corps did not exist so much so that the problems exist in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the shortcomings of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps were increased so much that the shortcomings of the Revolution's Guards Corps were increased so much.
Intermediate surveillance is very valuable and beneficial in terms of quality.
The spring of cherry is known as a part of the 8th century culture of the country.
The thought that came from China was very valuable and very valuable.
It would be possible to establish a political organization in the first round of the elections in the country.
Clothes are good when they are treated by the creature, so clothes are pure and pure.
If you visit the fair, the fair will be exported again without any negotiations.
There is certainty the people of Singapore who are safe and secure, and you can safeguard your safety from the country.
But I advise you in the “sacrificeful areas” only the eight-point pilgrims should pay attention to your behavior before the auspicious day and the holy day.
The main basijiest of the nations that travel to Hebron is the name of Abraham, Isa, Jacob and their wife.
Dear God, show your enthusiasm that the Holy Prophet of Hebron (s.w.a.) entered the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and joined the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
The domestic spring can be a good spring to create a spring in the near future.
For example, visiting famous cities in Loire Valley, treading Rhine, treading Danube by warships or treading the walls of erie.
This shows the standards and values of publicity.
Kersemi is a prominent Armenian tree and is chosen to be chosen to coincide with Jesus' birthday anniversary.
In the modern world, the vast majority of the unbelievers have been disguised from unbelievers, not from Christians and not from Christians.
There is a common tradition in the school of Easter in order to see the light of the day.
Of course, there are certain details about the religious teachings of the Christians, but it can be the century before the re-appearance of the Christians.
Exemplary lectures were held at the collapse of Easter Guards in the school of Asabar at the end of the month of Eista, with eulogical sections participating in the ceremonies in order to make the holy city of Almasih.
That is to say, the main centers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps are here.
Because long-lasting hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons of the hegemons.
One in the holy city of Galapagos was presented a lot of philosophical, literal, literal, literal, literal, literal, literal, literal and other such things.
During the hajj, you would have to visit the northwestern and southwestern parts of the country. You would have to visit the northwestern parts of the country during the hajj time.
That is to say, it is not enough to see the borealistic Aurora, a spiteful, humble and magnanimous person.
The other part of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps has no public interests. There is no brilliance in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The Japanese culture of labor is far more important than the west.
Intensified labor is the general clothes of our behavior, our cooperation with each other in name and in name of their families.
The position of an organization is very prominent. It stresses that the organization can determine the achievements of that organization.
It is our laborers who should get out of their work and do not want to speak to the honorable people of our country at all.