As a result of the severe droughts of locusts and famine in the coast of Africa, especially in Somalia, the Jagoran branch ( Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Khamenei ) released an announcement in which it requires of the entire nation of Iran during that month of mercy and blessings ( Ramalana ) to help their Muslim sisters in Somalian who are in dire straits.
Here is the translation of what the announcement involves :
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
During the most devastating days of the African province, Somalia, faced the worst of natural disasters and life-threatening famine as a result of uncontrolled locally drought appearance ( solving the problem ), which put the lives of millions of Muslims in Somalia, especially women and children in grave accident and facing threats.
As a result of the remarkable consideration of the Islamic reversal of the Jagoran to the aid of people afflicted by a famine disaster in Somalia, the Islamic nation of Iran is called to help the Muslim nation of Somalia during that favorable month with blessings and may eventually be able to provide material assistance to the central areas of the Somalian Empire.
In a report sent to the convention for a twenty-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five
The following explanation of this passage applies to the Jagoran :
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
Dan'Adam was a loving moral ( natural ) person and a sincere need for prayer and self-sacrifice in the eyes of the almighty God who is the Creator of all good things ; and she was a blessing and satisfying that need.
The worship of Jehovah, by means of its judgment, cleansed the jealousy that Dan 'adam had to contend with and delivered him from the extreme disturbance and the abuse of this moral jealousy.
It was the emphasis on celebrating a day-to-day salary, the moon-day salary, and the fertility that liberated Dan > Adam from the royal court in this forgiving snare ; that he would not have been able to draw closer to his heart in knowledge in God ’ s sight ; that his soul would be poured out in the light of his badness.
When silence, salama, and prayer are presented in an orderly lifestyle, the miracle of the Muslim may appear in its godly judgments.
The slanderer was just another sign referring to that sacrifice.
The sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling of the sling.
The blessings of the salarii, the situation of the fishermen, increased light and perfection, and the court of truth, religious teaching, good conduct, and political consciences won the prospect of dwelling in the heart and living in heaven and on any other side, and then gave the Lord ’ s standard of equal and universal life a guarantee.
It would be with such an atmosphere to be viewed as a fisherman.
The roaring of a materialized person adds to the source of life pleasantness and violence.
Wherever the center of life is found, however, an immoral person is the primary source of it.
It was necessary for a colporteur to have a base for construction in towns and circuits, in schools and universities, in public meetings, such as from business and workplaces as far as airplanes, highways, or camps, as far as lodging places and hospitals, in all the facilities available.
No matter where he may be, he must be gentle, gentle, and calm.
It was necessary to administer the conduct of a fisherman who was difficult for a teacher ( fisherman ) to remain in wisdom and feelings of inferiority and in love and tenderness.
The slave had a suitable situation, whereas the heavy burden of material possessions and corrupt religion would be reduced to peoples and universities.
We look forward to seeing that day and then sending us back to the great Bakiyatullah (Imam Mahdi ) our lives as a ransom for him.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011
It is the public edition of the Islamic Translation Ayatullah Khamenei that this morning, along with its officials, the prime minister of Labanon Sa'ad Hariri made an awe-inspiring visit.
Today, as he lists and discussions between the two-part universities and the agreements concluded during the visit, the Islamic revised Jagoran says : There are many phonographs that can be used to strengthen the borrow between two countries in the borrow area, so this borrow must be strengthened and strengthened, especially in the affected area of commerce that has been rebuilt.
Similarly, as he carried out the emblems, the fields, and the seeds of the desolate land of Labanon and the unclean nation of Israel, Ayatullah Khamenei explained : If even the unclean land of Israel could, she could take the city of Beirut to Tarabulus to destroy Syria.
Well, the only thing that turned out to be an eagle to the unclean nation of Israel ( the accomplishment of this purpose ) was a struggle.
Jagoran described Labanon as one of the Arabic nations that could conquer the forbidden nation of Israel, so he said : “ The struggle was the only struggle that the shepherds of Labanon faced.
Therefore, there is an obligation to recognize the extent of such growth.
The revised edition continues : Until the time when the forbidden nation of Israel continues to exist, Labanon needs a struggle.
In a similar way, Ayatullah Khamenei expressed his joy and mercy in connection with the beautiful judgment that existed between Sa'ad Hariri and Sayyid Hasan Nasrullah ( president of Hezbullah, Labanon din ) and other political institutions, saying : This judgment must continue to be strengthened.
And today, while contending with the Northern Islamic Republic of Iran supporting the authenticity and independence of the Islamic Republic of Labnon, Jagoran translation says : Labanon is a failure to comply with the Praetorian Guard, whom the years and years of believers of those religions and the Praetorian Guard live together in peace and mutual comprehension until their relatives want to see that there has been a riot and tsunami in this failure, which must be firmly resolved to face.
The exaggerations of the Musuluncient ’ s attitude merely outlined and interviewed in recent years with Raifik Hariri, former prime minister of Labanon, where he sheds light on his efforts to feed Labanon ’ s future.
He too expressed his joy by his interview with the Islamic Reformation Jagoran : “ We just see the Islamic Republic of Iran as a friend and a thirst for Labanon to be with Labanon during her hardships and to help her.
The prime minister, Labanon din, went on to say : “ The Labanon government is eager to see the international convention strengthened in all the districts, economic, political, and cultural barriers.
When Hariri went on to say that the government of Labanon was a state of emergency, he insinuated that any new distinction between the nation of Labanon was a conscience that would benefit the unrighteous nation of Israel.
Conversations with Ayatullah Taskhiri, president of the Islamic Assembly, depended on the significance of the chain editions of the Islamic reversal.
After a prolonged interruption and a reassignment of the Iranites to Saudiyya, there were results of a conversation with the international agreement between the Iran and Saudiyya.
Ayatullah Taskhiri was one of the Chinese subjects in this conversation with the Saadian country.
Each year during the harvest work, the Islamic reversal edition of the Jagoran sends a letter to the weak ones who shut out the vital consciences involving the Muslim nation of the earth.
What do you think is the philosophy?
To answer that question first, some subjects must be clarified.
First of all, he himself served as a carpenter, one of the religious practices of the Muslims, and he had other great purposes that he wanted to accomplish.
As found in the greatest Corinthians, the giant was the ‘ subduing of the Muslim nation and the works of the prophets in history ’ — just as it came in the Surah of Bakara — whose beginning was from the creation of Adam and the worship of the angels to him and what ( the prophet ) Adam had seen in a paradise, and later in his coming after failure and in the use of the sort of giant that he received in Paradise, which would have become accustomed to law and repented and returned to the eternal God.
The great tribulation describes each of these times as saying : “ Almost at the time when ” and “ Almost at the time when ” and “ Almost at the time when ” all these “ Almost at the time of the festival were following the pattern of the prophets until the time that the prophet Abraham was approached, he said : “ Even when Abraham ’ s Lord tested him with certain words, he fulfilled them to him.
He said : “ I shall without fail make you head because I am men. ”
He said : “ Both my offspring, ” that is, the explanation of the headship of the clergy.
In principle, the second objective that centered on this course was to bring a dam ( in fact ) to return a dam to its original order and to return a dam to the Lord ’ s original pattern of construction, such as the construction of the dam during the harvest work, and thus an explanation of the greatest purposes of the harvest work, many of which were the subject of ‘ blessings from mushirikai’.
All of this was foreshadowed by the stability of the people and the sacrifice of the Muslim nation.
Of all such treasures that the married Imam ( sure of God ’ s approval ) and the Islamic magistrates ( God extended his life span ) expend, they make emblems with these treasures of laziness.
However, depending on the philosophy and philosophy — which is the answer to your question — and why the Islamic Republic and its leaders make such a sign is that the preservation of the work is a preservation of the nation.
Confirmation of the empty-headedness means confirmation of the nation ’ s scheme.
It came with the hypocrisy : Hajji is the Islamic flag. What is the Islamic flag?
During wartime, each time the flag stands, it means that soldiers are still alive and that war continues.
Consequently, the preservation of alien residents and the return to the spirit of alien residents are among the principal objectives of the Muslim Republic as proof of ‘ the forgiveness of Muslims ’.
It is therefore that among the scrolls that Imam appears to produce and the scrolls that the Islamic reversal continues to produce are the symbols later given and presented as a purposeful objective.
Well, from all signs, the conscience of the hailstorm was not given the importance of the hailstorm ; nor was it sad that we could understand the size of the hailstorm and the hailstorm of the hailstorm and the hailstorm of the hailstorm and the hailstorm of the hailstorm and the hailstorm.
Reports of offices, archaeologists, and so forth operate but do not operate according to the status and importance of the officer.
All the media, all the branch offices ( in China abroad ), all the media, and all the radio stations to the nation in which we live must put all the energy available to reach that goal in all parts of the world.
More is needed in this regard.
No, this is not the case ; only the king of Saudiah issues a statement.
— Is it early in the day of her servanthood that this message is being extended to the people?
Well, after the confusion — for which the Ironians had been unable to march for decades — a agreement was reached after the conversation that was part of the debates.
The two articles reached the agreement that from then on to heaven no meetings would be held in Makka, but on this Arabic day — that is, nine in the month of Zul Hajji — at arapahuta with the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke of the smoke.
No ; the dual agreement was achieved elsewhere by Kumail ; it was the final agreement behind all conversation and confusion.
We claimed to be empty-handed to the Muslim nations.
Has it come to be an influence on the part of that statement?
At first, there were several international tourists coming.
Second, it was translated in vernacular and vernacular languages in vernacular and vernacular languages in vernacular and vernacular languages in mine and elsewhere in vernacular and later in the hand of all the vernacular and translator of the Islamic culture.
Similarly, it is widely distributed in the languages of our magazines to exert a positive influence on the hearts of the Muslim nations ; in the same way, all the centers of the haughtiness in the world and the centers of Muslim and Arab governments are endeavoring to undermine the influence of this magazine.
Some time ago, this message was printed in some of the English magazines, where all sincere Jews around the world could see behind that magazine where women were born with problems.
In what year?
The sincere Jews were trying to hinder such a struggle.
Similarly, the Sadducean government was not simply helping to spread that warning, for some years it was prohibiting it ; at other times people were arrested.
In recent years, however, this type of control has been reduced, but no matter where it may be, they are struggling and lifting up roots of hardships to see the end.
Sometimes we try to print the material in the public magazines, even offering a copy but not printed.
A number of newspapers did not agree with it or were not authorized to print it.
I was eunuch and even Muslim.
Of course, they do not give up, but just as in the parade, we do show discouragement.
What was the situation?
There the princes represented the entire nation of Muslims.
The camp located there in reality was a camp for national administration ; it was a camp for the entire Muslim nation with a desire to draw close to the Lord.
An elder must care for his eyes.
He cared for his mouth and tongue.
Interestingly, the forbidden materialistic practices of charitable giving are good-for-nothing things.
Depending on this, I have taught the valuable lessons of the Jagoran reversal of the Islamic spirit that has been spreading over the years if you would like it to be presented to you.
If you carefully look at the Jagoran ’ s reversal of Muslimism, you will find that the first issue presented in this magazine is the rock-mass that sails to build the Muslim nation.
That is what Jagorah ’ s bridegroom wanted to accomplish during the harvesttime.
As an example, the rock-mass can play a role in overcoming the wounds of the Muslim nation.
The next point on the side of the rock that a camel walks is to argue that a camel is an Islamic insect.
In some of the Jagora ’ s texts, he wrote that a hailstorm is “ a hailstorm of the nations ” and then “ a hailstorm of political Islamism. ”
If we have noted the source of the ladder ’ s work, many of these are the lampstands of God ’ s Law.
In effect, the whole nation was marching through the judgment and arrangement of the Sovereign Lord Jehovah and through it.
One of the topics that have been illustrated in this context is that of ‘ the chain in the history of the advancement of the Muslim nation. ’
The second point is the role of the chairman ’ s role in ‘ cultivating the fine qualities of the people and of the modesty ’ as well.
That is the case in all the facts.
Obviously, from the beginning to the end there will be no parallel with the sanctification of the heart and the benefits of the opportunities found in the holy fields that have a measure of measurement and cleaning work.
The third point in this context is to ‘ measure up the size of the Muslims and the weeds that come with them. ’
Similarly, the Islamic schemes and methods solve the problems facing mankind.
The following issue is arguing in connection with the issue of Muslim ’ s sacrifice, which is especially part of the Jagoran edition of the Islamic transfiguration, and the most important reference to the means to accomplish this sacrifice is this Islamic awakening.
In this context, there is a struggle to eradicate the Islamic revolt and to eradicate it.
It is also used as an illustration of the same type of dress and grooming, the same pattern of dress and grooming, the same pattern of dress and grooming, and so forth.
In the spring of that year the Jagoran ’ s reversal of Islamic conduct foreshadowed that the Tabernacle was a symbol of theology and then a symbol and a command to take the lead in sacrifice.
Similarly, in these riches, the vast army of the Muslim nation is described in such a way as materialism, spiritism, weakness, and tradition ; that is, they remind the nation of such a huge army that the shepherd ’ s weaknesses try to weaken it.
Similarly, one of the topics listed in these treasures is the ‘ sacred secret ’ of the type of crafty acts of worldly egotism.
Thro the centuries, the emblems and witnesses by the world ’ s haughty friends have been made to eradicate the Muslim nation and the reasons for their oppressive work.
Their work habits as well as the important issues that are taking place in Muslims ; which overturn matters ( the shepherds ) and their efforts to produce racial emissaries, robbers, mass murderers, and burglary on Muslims.
All of this threat came to mind after the September 11, and the director was explaining it.
As a result of the reversal of the Islamic spirit and the Islamic rebellion, however, there was an opportunity to disrupt the world ’ s egotism of Muslims ; hence, in the present sense the shepherds have launched an arrangement for the Muslim nation to be buried and fortified.
As a result, in the Jagoran ’ s texts, the world ’ s haughtiness is described as the shepherds of weak, humanitarian responsibilities and supporters of terrorism and hypocrisy and sovereignty in Muslims.
The final issue is the ‘ introduction ’ of the Islamic Republic as a model for success in the palace with its worldly egotism and then a model for the emptiness of Islam throughout life and the call to the Islamic sacrifice, a model for sacrifice between governments and nations, a symbol of the democratic system of religion and an expression of love, love, and support of the weak.
What is the influence of material things in other countries?
Does he have any position among the secularists and politicians of Muslims or Arabs?
In all the trips and assemblies we attended — each year we visited to an average of 50 centuries — we interviewed people, communities, and leaders of the Islamic State, especially the political leaders of international conventions and debates — all packed with topics and well-thought-out debates.
That is, despite the injury we may have in order to produce this product, wherever it is possible, it exerts a powerful influence.
In the meantime, the issue of diplomacy is a major issue in the world ; that is, in the meantime, national leaders are speaking to national groups.
Could this emblems be viewed as part of a group of such progressive Islamic diplomas in the Islamic Republic and other forms of a reversal of the Islamic spirit?
Certainly not ; one of the finest ways to be adequately qualified for conversion is this brochure of Imam and Jagora to those in need.
Among the methods of encouraging the mob and reacting to the efforts to eliminate the ladder ’ s position and the rock that moves on in Muslim ’ s life are those bars that I think have a real influence on gathering together, even though, just as in the field, we have a failure to reach them.
The claim is that a number of the miracles come from distant fields, suffering so much hardship that they are unable to grasp the container.
We have another hypocrisy : “ The radiant light continues to be with the celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestial celestials.
We hope that the messengers will work hard to find this bright light and work hard to safeguard the sackcloth so that the sackcloth will have the opportunity to break his role in the upbringing of the Muslim nation.
Jagorah ’ s Discussions With the Chief Teachers and Anxieties of Kermanshah
Shimfida : On the first day of his visit to the province of Kermanshah, the Muslim translation Jagoran interviewed the teachers of the province of Kermanshah on October 12, 2011 The following translation of the talk was :
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
All thanks is to the God of creation, Lord.
The eternal God is at the royal court : “ Ascribe the name of the merciful and merciful God.
Those who insist on God ’ s messengers — fearful, fearless, and fearless — are worthy of God ’ s Reverence ” ( Suratul Ahzab 33:39 ).
Among the finest and delightful interviews were interviews with high schoolteachers who were conducting the ministry in recent parts of the country and why younger ones engaged in religious education and religious education.
Brothers and sisters, the high schoolteachers and high schoolteachers in the province of Sunna and Shi'a, were all gathered at that convention, and I felt that it was another convenient time.
There were many topics that I wanted to make, but before I gave up my belongings, I felt obligated to show mercy to the world ’ s high schoolteacher who, in accord with Ayatullah Burujerdi ’ s direction, lived in that province and later received the prize of his public declaration.
I was able to interview him at his home in Kermanshah several times ; we could sit down with him and talk with him.
Similarly, we presented him at other gatherings that were held ; that is, at the communion clergy assembly in Islamabad, which also came from Yazd by Shahid Saduki ’ s father.
The convention was conducted under bombing ( that of the Irakian army at the time in battle ), which we had also attended.
His humility, his flight from his world, his lack of natural interests, all these treasures are part of the icons he encountered ; he is indeed a great man.
Similarly, he was rewarded by God, the eternal King ; at the end of one long life, he was richly enriched by godly death.
On several occasions I felt that witnessing was a business death and that it was a very profitable death.
Of course, there will be no time when life will end “ Every life is at the risk of death ” (Surata Al Imrana 3:185 )
We too are self-sacrificing, and it is worthwhile for a person to sell it to God by life that brings immense profits.
How fitting that God, the King of eternity, is the one who buys life from the wicked!
In that same province, our oldest companion, Hajj Agha Baha'ukien Arakien, was one of the people who received this privilege of service.
The husband, Agha Hajj Baha, was one of the reasons for her husband, Imam, and one of our friends in Kum.
God ’ s mercy extends to these two rich witnesses.
Similarly, I had to mention the superb, humble, and loving teacher Hajj Aghawatah Hajj Akhund,, who too was one of our old associates at Hujjataya School of Kum ; a man blameless, pure in heart, gentle and honest.
God ’ s loving-kindness.
After the success of the Islamic translation, before I was appointed a leader of the state of affairs, on one of my visits to Kermanshah, I went to his home and then saw his artistic works.
Similarly, after the death of Imam, he sent me a few of his works.
I needed him to write me this sacrifice : “ Everyone who has appointed himself as leader to a nation ( ought to ) first read his own text before he has read his own text ” so that I can put it before my table ; so that we do not forget the matter of reading ourselves.
He wrote this to me with a fine text, and then I put it in a board and put it ahead of me.
This is the problem associated with our work.
Why, you young people! Why, men and women! Why, we want to be like a blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom blossom!
This greater verse is read : “ The fear of God is the fear of God from among the servants of Safir, ” or “ the fear of God ” from among the clergy-inspired icons.
Na'am teachers had some icons, but fear of God was poured out.
The object of knowledge is that a person can have this marvelous fruitage — putting fear of God in one ’ s heart.
When you reach your age, even if a certain person has done something at the time of his teenage years, it will benefit him ; if not, it will result in suffering for him.
This life will be solitary ; some will lead to advancing age, while others will not.
Of course, you need to know that the gap between the next two decades and the next three decades — up to seventy years — up to seventy years — is normal ; the gap between the next century and the next century — is normal.
When a person was in his late teens, he thought that there was a period of time before he was 70 years old.
If within this short period of time a person is organized to have the right to do something, he has the right to do something, he has the right to do something, and he has the right to do so since his teenage years.
Consequently, I call great reasons for yourself, for God ’ s mention, for fear of God, for striving to draw close to the God who is a compulsory heaven, for calling on to a knowledge whose primary source of the work is the search for knowledge.
If knowledge has been obtained for a long time but without fear of God, then this knowledge can become worthless at times even devastating.
We had a rabbinic and nonreligious teacher who did not merely benefit from the education but also suffered calamity.
Surely this spirit creature of closeness to one and to the Lord is a must for knowledge and teacher.
Well, Kermanshah was an important town.
Just as Rabbi Ulama had courted at a long time behind, Kermanshah had high-ranking teachers ; such as the Al Aghaites, such as the Galilean families, and other high-ranking educational homes were, not just one, two, or ten people in heaven, but educational homes.
In this chapter ’ s parable, a distraction related to Kermanshah is that just as the Kermanshah people were loving and respecting and then merciful to the people who came, so the teachers must have the same image at times in heaven.
The father-in-law, Wahid Muhbahani, who remained among the foremost reasons for his father ’ s resurrection, came to Kermanshah to continue living.
Although he had no intention of living, he remained alive and eventually became a member of the Al Agha Family.
He and some of his many daughters came from among the teachers.
That is one example.
Another example is the married man Agha Sayyid Husain Hairiri, who at the end of his life came to Mashahad.
To this day, I still have some memories related to him.
He was here guided by Agha Sayyid Muhammad Isfahani, then by Agha Sayyid Muhammad Isfahani, then by Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi, who came from Iraq, and then by years lived in Kermanshah.
He was executing a threat at Isafan.
From then on, he became a lover of knowledge of God and of accountability.
He was then one of the most educated people who lived in Samarra at the time in the home of the father-in-law, Akhund Mulla Fatiahali Sultan Abadi.
The instructor was the father-in-law of Sardar Kabulu, a well-known parchment scholar.
This book, based on it, was a lively and beautiful book ; many years earlier I had seen that book.
It was estimated to be 60 years old in Kermanshah.
I read in this book that the married Hajj Agha Husain Kummi ( confirmed by God ’ s will ) on his trip to the holy places or on his way back to Kermanshah for a conversation with the married man Sardar of Kabulu.
The book writer suggests that I personally bear witnesses — I expected to be with myself ; that is because year after year she read the book Agha Husain Kummi, who later became a prisoner and a prominent teacher but was sitting in front of the Kabulite Sardar and was reading it in this educational cursus.
He himself is the lesson ; that is, learning at the time of a man over 70 years ( just as the married Hajj Agha Husain did ) and then as a married man.
This proved to be neither puffed up with pride nor blemished with a high teacher ’ s face.
You young ones must pursue that course and make progress.
This man, who grew up in India and from there went to Najaf and went to Kermanshah and was received there with a warm welcome.
Marjorie Sardar of Kabulu spent 60 years in Kermanshah.
He himself was a married man, Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani, one of the teachers who had moved to that town.
Surely this town had an icon showing that the hearts of people were hearts that welcomed religious teachers ; they loved religious teachers.
When they catch up with a man who eventually understood the appearance of his icons, they would welcome him in such a way that we would not expect him to be in their hometown.
My husband, Ashrafi, was a man of Isafak, but he felt that he was a man of Kermanshah ; he became a man of Kermanshah.
Well, the material in the field was just a clean field.
I wanted to set a pattern on a few subjects.
Great teachers and motivates younger ones and then big tomorrow!
For two reasons : First, the possibility of getting Muslims to the world — whether in Muslims or in non Muslims — I would try to explain it.
As a result, the load would be reduced.
Today, you are in a similar situation.
Do not be afraid ; they are “ afraid of God, and they are afraid of no one at all. ”
Do not be afraid of anything, nor are you afraid of the hardships along the way.
It is not to say that there are hardships, but to say that there are hardships ; rather, do not be afraid of these hardships.
Act on what is expected to be impossible.
Was that not the case in Iran?
In Iran something was foreshadowed that if all of the world ’ s harvest workers were to live for hours during the day and the day to devote their time, there would be no consequences to him unless that was necessarily burdensome.
Each commentator would say that this work was not burdensome ; then he was burdensome.
I tell you that even some of our strangers were saying that they would not be disheartened.
My husband, Ayatullah Talikani, told me that Imam was in the court : ‘ It was necessary to remove Shah', so it was openly said that Shah would not leave.
He did not believe that Shah could be removed.
He later told me about this.
Imam said that Shahahah would be removed, but no one agreed, but he was removed.
Not only has Shah been removed but also the United States has gone to the west so that the sovereignty and presumptuousness have disappeared.
No one agreed, but that happened again.
No one felt that the major reversal of the period in Muslims was to take place in Egypt ; Egypt was the key to the Egyptian alliance with Camp Dabiddo and Hosni Mubarak.
It is unreasonable to expect such a thing to happen in an Egyptian realm, but there is no one who thinks of Egypt.
These are among the things we should put in our hearts.
Let us take the initiative to accomplish unexpected tasks so that we can reassure them of their futility.
Be determined to carry heavy loads, so as to acquire skill. “ Nor do you fear anyone before God. ”
The answer is this : “ God is worthy to be an accountant ; yet, they must not forget that God is a accountant.
And God Is Qualified to Be Reasonable.
That is our course.
There we are personally and personally pondered as teachers and there we are pondered as “ the messenger of God ” and “ the messenger of God ” as “ the messenger of God ” as “ the messenger of God. ”
The eternal God is stating : “ Just like that we have made a shepherd for every prophet ; witnesses of men and demons, by their side, set the pattern for the twisted part of the matter.
And if your Lord loves you who do not do it, leave them with what you say yes ” (Suratul An 'am 6:112 ).
So if it is arranged that you and I bear the Lord ’ s vengeance, then we will be ready to face the witnesses of demons and men.
They will always attack us and thus keep us ready.
On the part of the spirit, we must build a strong shield for ourselves — a large shield that is a large shield of faith — so that we will not be conquered and be overcome.
Running and taking part in the field usually results from running and taking part in man ’ s badness ( which is accompanied by us ).
The drinking of a man ’ s badness is the drinking of the outside part.
If you have not even suffered a lot of pain in your heart, then no one can conquer you.
The large shield that you must build your heart is the large shield of faith in God and loyalty to God ; “ If only the people should put their trust in God ” ( Sirah Al Imrana 3:12 ), “ trust in God ” ( Sirah Abraham 14:12 ), “ Trust in God, trust in God, trust in God, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him, trust in him
( Summarize 39:36) All these treasures are a lesson for us.
We read the Koran with all our thoughts ; view it as a lesson and set it as a pattern for our life.
The testimony that today comes to you by means of the Internet, the Dan'adan stars, and other modern-day means of communication also has some modern-day references.
I have a similar experience.
In some Muslim countries, large numbers of giants have been killed in order to prepare for a meeting of Shi'a defeat by the members of the Sun.
On the other side of the walls, they handed a knife to a Shi'a preacher to appear on a TV whose name was Shi'a, accusing UMul Mumian Aisha, of harming her and murdering her.
These are the ways in which they walk.
Because the birth of newborn boys is a remarkable fruitage to them.
Here I want to tell you that your hometown is an area in which the sons of Shiʹa and Sunna live together.
The teachers of Zion and Sunna do well to arrange meetings among themselves, to get to know each other, and to speak with each other.
We have activities that we have associated with.
You may be accountable, but you can also conduct your association activities.
If they were to conduct research, they would not do so.
I just believed in the arguments of the chariots, and if they wanted to have the arguments of education and the arguments between teachers and scholars, they would have to sit down and conduct them without a problem at all except in public sight but in the form of education.
Well, despite these wealthy things, there are other components associated with them ; there is a disease associated with which one is associated and which has association therapy.
The teacher of Shiʹa was approachable among his people, and the teacher of Sunna was approachable among his people, using the power and the tongue they had to solve these associated problems.
Today, there are some of the weapons that are in their hands as copper weapons ( musulmi ) ; they are not ashamed to call themselves copers ; they are indeed poisoners.
Therefore, this poisonous animal must be left out of the Muslim nation.
Thus, the record of the work that we have spoken of has covered all these treasures.
Another burden, however, is the weight of reading.
I learned that there were reasons for the Kermanshah ’ s classes that they were reading in Kum-en which no doubt had been diagnosed with brothers and sisters ; to come here as refugees or if they were not yet to come, at a particular time ; to come in the year for two weeks, three weeks ; to go in the towns and towns and pick up the fishermen.
The issue of education, therefore, is an important conscience.
While associated with the pursuit of enlightenment, there is a matter of being adequately qualified ( exhausting ), which is of real importance.
There was another reason to come to the lesson I was giving ; after a period of time, he passed through and I did not see him there.
After a while, I saw him again and asked where you were? Then he said that I was out of the many distant towns in the province of Korasan-i, where I was preaching. So why did you come back, and then I realized from the end that I had nothing to learn to benefit those people.
That is, then, the understanding of the one spoken to.
Today, take a look at the types of youths we have.
In this rural town of Kermanshah, the graduates were very numerous.
Sometimes the opposite is different.
Prior to the success of the reversal of the Islamic tendency, in all of the Kermanshah provinces, the giant graduates graduated from a university lesson than three.
In the meantime, it is recorded ten times, even ten times.
These younger men, however, are faced with propaganda and verbal remarks, and there are questions that they ask.
You need to understand the questions they have, then prepare the answers, and then sit down at the answer.
Talk to them, get the sense of their thinking, and find answers that fit their thinking and the requirements of the Koranen and the name with major words.
The Great Teacher partied, and what he partied was so ; then the book of the married man Ayatullah Mutahari, the book of Mizan, came to someone else to organize them in a suitable way and present them to solve youthful problems.
You stayed in Kum.
Kum has to do these things, and you must do the same.
Reflect on values as you think about pursuing a higher education, in heaven.
Sanctify the hearts of those with whom you speak and train them.
This morality, like that of the palace “ Everyone who has appointed himself as leader to a nation ( ought to be ) begins to read himself before reading someone else ” is a troubled conscience.
This hard work must be carried out.
Nowadays, teachers have a long-term burden on their necks ; teachers must get involved in the issues of intercourse ; then an important conscience is that such entering into our conscience by teachers, not by compulsion, but by teachers.
The icons that the teachers complained about were that by means of teachers, good qualities, kindness, and guidance they attracted the attention of those speaking merely, assuring them that they could enter the field with this work.
Simply put, it is all.
The man whose vessels are cut off, and if he is able to keep his vessels in peace, he will be saved.
Self-sacrifice is important.
Adjust your phone calls by phone calls, and encourage them on ways to get to the social media.
I don ’ t know if this convention is now held at Kermanshah or at Jaa ; you have to conduct it here.
The preachers of the sons of Shiʹa and the sons of Namna were not to infect their sons.
Go with one another, showing tender feelings for one another.
There are many other things associated with which work can be managed together.
If that happens, then the teacher ’ s insight will continue.
I want to make it known to you that during the turning of Muslimism ( in Iran ), there was a new spirit and violence on earth.
Could this be a powerful engine to produce such an urgent conscience that shrouded the west?
The success of the reversal of Islamicism and the growth of Imam, have shaken the western part of the earth and have shaken the sovereignty.
They returned to the Corinthians and received some information about Islam, so they became lovers of Islam.
During that time ( wheat ) attempts to eradicate Islam continued to flourish, and the second weakness was at the time of the massacre.
Happily in Muslim countries there are many young people who are truly honesthearted and who have all their wishes fixed on a marshal arrangement ; they hope that if a government is formed, poverty and injustice will be eliminated from their countries.
Some of them were honest people ; I saw some of them say that they were Muslims or non Muslims ; they were honest people but did not believe in Muslims.
They had become impostors because they thought that there was a skin in the impostors.
Well, when a hailstorm was overwhelmed, they saw that it must have seemed so insignificant that there was no real advantage with it.
As a result, they entered the path of Islamism.
In the 1960 ’ s and 1970 ’ s — about 40 percent of the years ago — all of the youths you saw in Egypt, Tunziah, Yemen, and other foreigners were from an Islamic background ; and even if someone even spoke against the Islamic background, so did he.
Hatta in that country was like that ; I didn ’ t want to mention it.
There are people who speak depending on Islam, but under these wealthy speeches in reality they are false reasonings.
After a quarrel had overwhelmed, all the treasures of the conquerors who had strayed from a quarrel had returned to Islam ; they were watching Islam, they were watching the Koranites, they were watching the Islamic authorities, and they were watching the Islamic Republic ; they were shocking.
There was a system that was legally established under the Islamic doctrine and that was overwhelmed by the modern-day revolt that continued to be carried on by all the cruel drunkards of the nation but still standing at the top of a stone.
In the meantime, those men who were looking for all the things they needed but who did not get so much so that in the meantime they could see what they were looking for in Muslims.
What, do you think, is happening?
They wanted to congeal the sign, so it could not be congealed.
In the central U.S. capital of the U.S. Economic Center, New York City, on the street ‘Wall Street ’ — the world ’ s source of logic — hundreds of thousands of people were gathered to expose logical logic, not just logical logic, but university college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college college
This is just what we are on the party ; we too have been on the party from the beginning as being ‘ Oriental and west ’ — that is, we do not approve of logical procedures, and we do not approve of logical procedures.
You too must be ready.
Islamic teachers must be prepared.
Be neglected by foolish speeches ; bear in mind the encouraging and fundamental doctrines of the Muslims that originate with the Alkuriahani and the Sunna and the speeches of the Maʹasumai ( God ’ s faithfulness belongs to them ) ; reasoning that is reasonable, cautious, and acceptable to them and that are reasonable to the needs of the danites and the nations.
If you do, you will see how love for Islam can grow stronger.
So, too, I have much to say with you — and that being with you — just as I am evolutionist — is delightful ; yet, time must be taken into consideration.
Why, O Sovereign Lord Jehovah!
May you, O Sovereign Lord, grant these rich young men and women of high school — at Kermanshah and at Kermanshah ’ s cousin — to qualify as teachers of work.
Submit your loving-kindness and preparation upon all of us.
Let the heart of Waliyul Asr ( our souls as a ransom for him ) trust us.
Jagora Imam Khamenei Advocates the New Head of the Islamic Radio and Television Governing Body ( IRIB )
In one of his instructions to translate Muslimism Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Khamenei appointed Dr. Abdul 'ali Ali Asgari as the new president of the radio and television department of Iran ( IRIB ) and it was after he agreed to retire from the former president of the Muhammad Sarafrazian.
The following is the rendering of the instructions given by Jagoran :
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
Haughty Dr. Abdul'ali Ali Asghari ( divine victory )
In view of the retirement of Rabbi Muhammad Sarafrazer and our thankfulness to him for the rigorous efforts to reverse habits and jealousy that must not be forgotten, then for the old history of richo, the teaching of the Islamic reversal, and the failure of presiding over the news agencies, I appointed you as chairman of the radio and television department.
What I should inform you was presented in my letter to Rabbi Sarafraz when I sent him ( this position ).
I am therefore increasingly convincing you of the importance of being on guard, preserving the highest political elements, drawing away, and educating the media, turning around, and exerting power in modern media, and then relying on God, the King.
I entreat you to help the Sovereign Lord Jehovah fit in this work.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
22, the month of Urdebeheshthah, 1395
(11 May 2016 )
Jagiora ’ s Discourse at the Memorial of the 24 Years of Imama Khumaini ’ s Death ( r.a )
Shimfida : Following the interpretation of the Jagoran discourse renders the Islamic conduct Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Khamenei at the Memorial of the 24 years of the death of the fatherly father, Imam Khumaini ( r.a ), conducted at hubbaren Imam din on Tuesday, June 4, 2013.
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
Survival and God ’ s faithfulness depend on our Leader and our Prophet Abul Kasim al-Mustafa Muhammad along with his holy Families, prepared and prepared Psalms, especially on God ’ s Weak Ones ( Imam Mahdi ).
We thank God, the eternal King, for giving us another opportunity and years to reverence our great Faithful One on such a day and to express our love and affection for him.
Although the mention of Imam once remained alive in the hearts of our nation, on the 14th of Khordad was another manifestation of the interest and love of the Iranian nation toward the Greater Imam.
In the meantime, that day corresponds to the day of the witnessing of his great grandfather, Imama Moses bn Ja'afar ( God ’ s confidence is certain to him ).
Similarly, that year corresponds to the fifty years of the momentous sign of Khordad of the year 1342 ( 1963, the beginning of the Islamic reversal in Iran ).
The 15th day of Khordad was one of the most important and ten-month festivals.
I would talk twice before going to the original topic and would have to talk for myself.
The 15th of Khordad was not the beginning of the great tribulation of teachers and men.
Until the 15th of Khordad, there were some important events that took place at 1341 and at the beginning of 1342.
For example, what took place at the Pheizian School occurred on the day of Farbardeen of 1342, a marked mark of striking and debilitating religious motives as well as the prelude to the massacre of the archenemy Ayatullah Golpaygan.
Meanwhile, at the end of 1341 C.E., the signs of terrorist attacks in the marketplace of Tehran have risen, and at the same time the capital-married man Ayatullah Hajj Sayyid Ahmad Khunsari has been slaughtered.
All of this is an indication that the failure of teachers in 1341 and the beginning of 1342 reached a prominent position by the extensive use of the police and the oppressive government agencies of that time on teachers and doctors and even marauses did not survive.
Yet, on the 15th of Khordad was another momentous time.
For one thing, what happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342, was a conscience referring to the judgment between men and teachers at that time of real danger.
On the same year of the year — the 13th of Khordad — the Greater Imam presented an important talk at the school of Persia.
Later, on the 15th of Khordad, in Tehran, and in Kum and other civil cities, the Dagutu government of that time drove all its forces, soldiers, policemen, and other white-handed institutions, and smashed the masses.
What is noteworthy here is that such a deacon is the key to advancing and leading the deacon to victory.
Whenever there is a conspiracy that supports people and accompanies them, the conspiracy will continue.
But if people do not come into an attempt to show disapproval, then it will not succeed.
As was the case in Iran during the rebellion against the kingly system of things.
When people come into the field and then support an effort, then all the thoughts and powers of the people remain with him, that effort will continue to exist and succeed.
That was exactly what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
The results of such people as the town of Tehran and other towns from hearing the news are caught by Imam, a sign that forced the government to come in with all its power and arm against the people ; the death of a large number of people.
The streets of Tehran were filled with the blood of God ’ s corrupt servants and jealous youths.
On Khordad, the 15th day of the totalitarian regimes and the form of an unbelieving heart became apparent in public.
Another feature of the 15th Khordad-month conscience — one that is good for our young and old alike to observe — is that during the mass murder of people in Tehran and other towns, none of these centers have failed to describe themselves as centers of human rights by saying something else ; no one has shown disapproval of him.
People and teachers were merely discouraged in the field.
They too exaggerated jealous victims who claimed to support the struggle of the palace and governmental authorities have taken God ’ s stand against this snare ; they say that this is a blind snare of unreasonable intolerance, a snare of land and seed.
Whenever householder and householder hurl themselves out in an instant struggle, they will immediately criticize the violent, violent, violent, violent, violent people.
They acknowledge that these wealthy proselytes were the proselytes, the proselytes, the proselytes, the proselytes, the proselytes, the proselytes, the proselytes, the proselytes, the proselytes, the proselytes, the proselytes, and the proselytes.
Imama had only three basic beliefs : faith in God, strength in men, and faith in you ; three of them were evident in the founding and position of Imama.
Imama was speaking from the heart, and then people responded to his call and everything they had.
They entered the field and stood firm.
They reached the empty-handed conqueror of the world to victory.
Now let me clarify the three basic beliefs that Imam had.
These are some of the most important things that if we recognize them, they will light our roadway.
In connection with the faith of God, Imam was a sign in this verse : “ When people said to them : ‘ You must have gathered people together ( surroundings ) for your sake, so fear them.
Those words strengthened their faith, saying : ‘ God is our Rewarder and glorified by this Steward! ’ ( Surah Al Imrana 3:173).
He was disappointed because of God ’ s words and deeds and had the assurance : “ You have helped God, and he will help you ” ( Sirah Muhammad 47:7 ), which is the only promise of the Lord who is confident of its fulfillment.
Depending on the beliefs and beliefs of people, the immense IM ( r.a ) understands the nation of Iran and all the meaning of that word.
Imam was convinced that this nation was a nation of prominent beliefs, soundness of mind, and governor ; that woman had a suitable leader, and that she could appear in all the Fahrenheit of the sunlight.
If at one point the Iranians were subverted by unsuitable men, such as the Shah Sultan Husain, or the Nadeer Kali-like warriors, without his many titles, appeared among the people and then led the nation through all military force, the results of which our nation was able to appear from Delhi to ‘ Black Sea'.
He recognized the Iranians, and then he became loyal to them.
Their religious jealousy was revealed by the way the Iran nation proved to be an example of firmness and tact.
Among them were the most ferocious people in the area of Imam, the shepherds of the nation, and the wealthiest of them.
This is why you feel that Imama has never shown partiality in the palace and specific sovereignty because the citizens have become opposers of nationalism and then that Imama sees opposers of people as enemies.
In line with your confidence, however, Imam taught the Iranian nation that ‘ we can be sure. ’
He revealed his own strength to the world. On the day of the 1342, despite extreme census, IMAH appeared before the reasons why the people of Kum at the Peshisian School made it known to the king Muhammad Ridha Shah,, who trusted in the United States and in the external forces and who exercised his authority without any accusation, threatened that the dead will continue to do what you are doing, and I would tell people who would expel you from Iran.
It was a local educator who did not have a weapon, a knife, or a backing with a weakness and a weakness.
Faith in God and trust in him will be the assurance in this regard.
Similarly, on the same occasion when Imam returned from a refuge, at her vineyard of Beheshti Zahra, Imam publicly threatened the Bakhtian government with a palace saying : ‘ I will strike the government of Bakkhthah, I am the one to set up a government.
Imam betrayed himself with the kind of strength that he had.
Imams had such confidence in God, who sent it to mankind.
One of the most powerful weapons that the shepherds and the shepherds have plotted in proving their power over the rest of the nations is to impart to them the feeling that ‘ they will not be able to give it, ’ so that people may cut off their affections and take the stand that nothing we can do.
Thus they fed the Iranite nation for years in political, educational, economic, and other areas of life.
He told the Iranians that ‘ you will be able ’
He returned to us with boldness and reinstated us with a firm stand for the right position and reinstated us with confidence and trust.
We moved ; hence, it was the nation of Iran, for the next three decades and so forth, that we had success in all the branches with which I would later embrace.
These acknowledgments and beliefs associated with Imam — belief in God, belief in people, and trust in you — have proved to be the basis of all political, social, and political positions.
At the beginning of this struggle, the three faith-keepers were the ones who gave Imama power.
When he was forced to refuge, the sign was similar ; when he traveled to Paris, the sign was similar when he returned to Iran.
Three of these things gave Imam the courage to return to Tehran under similar circumstances.
In the spring of the year 1357, the Bahman ( During the success of the Reformation of Islamicism ), during the outbreak of the house, during the proclamation of the Islamic Republic, during the proclamation of the world ’ s cruel governments, during the proclamation of the ‘ Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans, Balkans,
Among these three factors are the source of Imam ’ s positions of authority and all of what he conducts.
Until the end of his life, no one has ever seen any trauma of injury, tiredness, or doubts that are difficult in the words and deeds of immense Imam.
Many modern-day converts of the world ’ s attitudes, whenever they are attracted to years, begin to experience doubts about what they are doing.
You too have occasionally returned from the parapet of the past.
Imagine, though, that his talk at the end of his life was even more fragile and fierce than his talk at the age of 1342.
He was old, but his heart was youthful, and his spirit was alive.
(Suratul Jinn 72:16 ) This was the exact stop spoken of in the Corinthians as follows : “ Even if they were standing firm on the road, we would have dried them up a lot of water ” (Suratul Jinn 72:16 ).
In another verse, the parable states : “ It must have been true of those who said : ‘ Our Lord is the true God, and then the angels were rooted upon them ( saying to them ), ‘ Do not be afraid or be afraid or be afraid and declare the good news about the Paradise with which you have been promised ’ ( Sarah Fussilat 41:30 ), the three faith-strengthening creatures who caused imagery ; proof of his thinking and course and course toward this nation, and gradually and gradually proof of it in our nation, with our young people and the rest of the parable ; they brought up trust in you and in God and in the nation. ’
The Iranians replaced their courage until Almighty God replaced their situation : “ God does not change what he is toward mankind unless they change what he is toward their hearts ”
The Iranians have adjusted their course, their weaknesses, and they have been supported and supported by the almighty God.
The result?
There is much that our young ones need to know depending on the trust that the U.S. government of Pahalwi — much worse than that of the Kajar regime — did with England and later with the United States.
This trust in them was only shameful.
After the success of the translation of the Islamic spirit, a number of prominent U.S. universities courted and wrote : “ We are here telling him ( Shah ) that he does not need what he needs and what he does not need.
They were telling him that you must lock the young bull, and the young bull you must put on it.
To whom you should sell, and to whom you should not sell.
Well, such a country that trusted in others seemed to have been restored to a liberating and eternal weakness.
The country was ruled by corrupt leaders, traitors, chieftains, and materialistic desires, but then they were replaced by representatives of the nation.
They were replaced by universities whom the crowd threw out.
Thirty years have passed since the governments of this land and the governments of this country ’ s economic and political consciences have been representatives of the nation.
They had not plundered their nursing vessels ( nursing vessels ) during the night of the desolate kingdoms of the nations, some of which were superior to others — that was indeed a very important conscience.
Those corrupt, self-controled politicians in front of shepherds and their anger over the people have made themselves representatives of the community. This weakness in the field of education has been replaced by a weakness in advancement in the field of education.
Prior to the success of the transformation of the Islamic spirit, we had no success and progress in the field of education in that country.
Is that small?
The world ’ s media hope that in the coming decades 2017-Iran will reach the highest level of education in the world.
Is that small?
If we were to build a road, a big street, a water mill, or any other factory, we would have to stretch our hands to others so that the engineers from the outside might come to build such water mill for us, to build a road for us and another factory.
Today, however, the youths of that nation, without all signs of reliance and reliance, see that they are building tens of thousands of companies, mines, roads, and beds in that country.
Should we shut our eyes to all these treasures?
In the field of medical and medical care, in order to overcome a serious illness or surgery, our sick ones must go to European hospitals if they have a cure if they do not have it until they die.
Today, however, we are conducting the most complicated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated, sophisticated.
The Iranian nation simply did not need any foreigners in that field.
We have reached the point of trusting ourselves in this crucial area.
At the time, a number of the territories were abandoned.
Before the success of the Muslim translation was to visit the many towns and towns of that country, there was no limit to the care given to rural areas.
Today, however, the circuit work continues throughout the country ’ s courtyards, in remote towns and in remote circuits.
Today, no one can say that outdoors do not have electricity or, as an example, roads and so on.
Meanwhile, just prior to the success of the Islamic translation, the population of 35 million people in the country at the time of some 50,000 university students.
Today, the number has doubled, but the number of university studies has doubled twenty times as many as 30.
The number of university grades signifies the number of teachers and universities.
In each remote town, there were about two, five, and about ten universities.
At that time, there was even a state where the number of high schools did not exceed the number of fingers.
Today, however, in each of its cities, there is a university education.
This was the ultimate effort of the Iranian nation to reward the revised edition and the zeal of our young people and universities — a tragedy that took place over the next 30 years.
These are important things.
As a result of the revised edition, many important and basic projects have been carried out in that country, with thousands of companies being built in that country.
We carried the goods back in the spring with ourselves from abroad, but today he sees many of them being carried out in that country.
These things must be viewed as valuable.
These were achieved by the blessing of these treasures of trust and of the three beliefs that Imam placed in the hearts of the nation of the land — faith in God, faith in men, and trust in you.
It is not that we are in the parade of the riches of speech so that we can feel cheerful and thirsty.
Meanwhile, there is still a great task ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we were to compare ourselves to a time of treachery, such a success would be evident in public. But if we were to compare ourselves with what is common among the Muslims — the weaknesses and the nation that is common among the Muslims — that is, the nation in which there is an earthly paradise, the earthly paradise, and the faith in godly qualities and fears ; then there is a real contrast among us.
I praise it so that our vast and mighty nation will know that there will be success in continuing to pursue this course by means of the three riches of faith.
They know that there must be a long way ahead ; you can, though, assume that you have the strength and the opportunity to do so.
You will surely be able to continue on that long road down to that congregation where it is to be reached.
I admire these words so that you know that the shepherd ’ s attempt to cut off love in our hearts is based on hatred.
The road map is just ahead of us.
We have a road map.
What is our road map?
What a blessing it is to have the talks of Imam and his writings gathered us together in more than 20 magazines!
I do not see any benefit in taking the name of Imam but in ignoring his teachings — a mistake indeed.
The road map was alongside the Imam, and then he introduced it to us.
Depending on the external issues of politics, the teaching of Imam is : solid standing in the palace and neutrality of the northern kingdom ; cutting up the international alliance with Muslim nations ; cutting up the international alliance with all other nations except those who have drawn their swords against the nation of Iran and showing them contempt ; palesty and sincerity ; struggling with the palastines ; helping the oppressed nations of the world and standing firmly before cruel persecutors.
The visitor of Imam was with us.
Similarly, we are accompanied by discourses collected in publications, such as the tradition of Imam : the contradiction of immoral customs and western sexism ; the abolition of the reasoning and the abolition of hypocrisy in richo and religion ; the vindication of godly conduct and the condemnation of Muslims ; and the royal palace and pastorism in the nation.
In the economical field, the teaching of Imam is : Trust in the unrighteous economy ; trust in you and what is available in the home ; economic righteousness in the things that are produced and distributed ; the support of the unrighteous ; royal court and the tradition of an unrighteous justifying and honoring belongings — both belonging to that treasure — and to that end, though, to the same degree, to the same degree, to the same degree, to the same degree, to the same degree, to the same degree, to the same degree.
Similarly, the teaching of Imam requires that we not tolerate discharges in the world ’ s economy ; neither is it necessary for us to maintain our independence in the poor economy.
The Iranian nation could minimize such discouragement by making this map, resisting the faith, and reminding her great Imperor ( r.a ).
The Iranian nation can continue.
In view of its strength and splendor, similarly with our outstanding peoples, the nation of Iran can continue to follow the well-prepared course that has been set for the past 30 years and that of something else and that of the Insight of God has become a real model for the rest of the Muslim nations.
But it depends on the subject of speech, which is the subject of the present-day routine.
O my brothers and sisters! O the mighty nation of Iran!
Zebabe is a sign of all three faithful men who are with Imam and who must be with us : It is a sign of belief in God, for it is a clay.
It was the heavy weight of our sandals to swim into our arms.
Balanced Irans have this burden on their necks.
Similarly, it is a sign of approval, for it is a sign of approval, for it is a sign of approval, for it is a sign of approval, for it is a sign of approval, for it is a sign of approval, for it is a sign of approval.
It is still a sign of confidence, for anyone who throws his pocket into the pocket would feel compelled to make a donation to set aside the coins of the land ; to break his crown.
That is an important conscience.
Thus, pouring out is a sign of God ’ s approval, thus a sign of trust in men, just as it is a sign of trust in you.
Any bribe you would like to give to the Islamic Republic was not for any member of the Islamic Republic.
To no one of these documents should be a copy of a copy to the Islamic Republic ; the copy acknowledges this arrangement and its practices.
He himself was entering the borrower, standing in the borrower, or standing in the borrower — I and you agree with the Islamic Republic and with the way the borrower is operated.
Then, in the second step, the question is that neither you nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder nor that ladder.
Our shepherds, though, were thinking about how they would put this chain as a threat to the Islamic system ; it was actually a major threat to the Islamic system.
Their goal was either to conduct an unexpected chain so that people could break the Islamic system ; or to give birth to my baby during the chain, as it did in 2009.
This is what the shepherds of this nation longed for.
The shepherds of that nation forgot Dey dated 9, 2009 – December 30, 2009 – when the Iranian nation came out to demonstrate their support for the Islamic system after the fall of 2009. People who speculate that the majority of the nations are opposing the Islamic Republic have forgotten that at least 34 years each year on the 22nd of the year, there are millions of Ethiopians who appear in towns nearby to demonstrate their support for the Islamic Republic and celebrate the ‘ Allah Allah Lauman American ’ party.
To minimize the hailstorm, they organized a number of scholars who would talk by means of their artifacts.
On one occasion, they acknowledge that it is well-organized, at the same time to say that there is no freedom in it at the same time to say that there is no justice in public eyes.
They do not know our people, so they do not know us, so they do not understand the Islamic Republic.
Is that true in freedom?
In the marketplace, logical arguments may be made only if you do not have a lot of these two or three corporations and do not have the support of logical arguments, their company, and their counterparts.
There are individuals who do not have the support of the sanctified, who do not have the support of the blood-growing excuses of the nations, and whatever they do will be unable to enter the curtain.
They did not have access to the media, so they did not have TV houses to distribute their programs.
So it was a type of metal that they had to put off their plans for a minute.
In our country, they would be given hundreds of hours without being killed or dispersed to deliver their supplies to the people.
Where is such a situation found worldwide?
What has authority in the field of sprinkling is the only law.
It is legal that some may enter a field whereas others may not enter.
The Law set out principles that are intended to be fulfilled, namely, who are worthy of standing.
All of this was legally executed.
These shepherds sit on a corner where they shut their eyes to all these treasures, using the palace of speech, just as I had suffered from the palace, so some God-fearing people continue to emphasize these treasures in the palace.
However, the nation of Iran will, in God ’ s favor, return these riches, respond by means of their appearance, their stand, and then respond to a crushing response.
During the battle for the smashing of huge smashing on some of the government ’ s arrangements, I am willing to give some smashing smashing to smashing.
They may be tempted to overcome anything that they feel is wrong, but it is good for them to have a sense of fasting and a willingness to correct and reassure the proper weaponry.
I don ’ t have anything to say, but I don ’ t have anything to say, I don ’ t have anything to say, I don ’ t have anything to say, I don ’ t have anything to say, I don ’ t have anything to say, I don ’ t have anything to say.
I refer to brothers who wanted to draw the minds of the nations to re-righteousness in the court of speech.
They did so but gave no significance of being buried by someone else ; they were not to be buried by superstitious acts performed either in that government or in the preceding governments.
The emblems should not exaggerate the significance of the fine works behind them.
In the meantime, for thousands of great tasks have been carried out, and no one in that country will have to start working from the start.
Over the years, during the periods of governments of Lebanon, numerous building projects have been carried out.
These treasures should not be neglected.
All such hard work is not to be done simply because we face economic and economic difficulties ; it is not reasonable to check all those hard work.
But if we do not have a solution, we need to control all the things that are done today.
Similarly, promises should not always be made that cannot be fulfilled.
I would call them a palace to things that would not be ashamed if in the coming year at just that time the recordings of their remarks were brought to them.
Make a vow that if in the future they are presented to you, you will not be able to control and try to blame the chaff for the chaff.
Promise what you can do.
In our country and on the basis of the encyclopedia of our kingly system, a leader of weaknesses has great authority.
The power that the principal has in the envelope of our governing system is a huge armor and a real palace.
The chief of failure is the chief of failure, the one who has all the administrative duties in his hand, the one who has the ability to operate the rules, and the one who has the ability to use all the experts at the State court.
The chain ’ s hands were in the chain ’ s chain.
He had only a legal limit.
It was only a law that would set limits for him, and that too was unlimited.
It was a law of readiness, not of corruption.
People who today communicate with people have to share with them what they can say and what people need.
If they had even some plans and arrangements, they would make a solemn promise to do their best in carrying out these provisions and making a solemn promise to use all the equipment that the Law had given them to remove the weight of their burden.
Some have the mistaken idea of being carried away by shepherds to ease their anger against us.
In practice, they are superior to the inclinations of the heavens and the inclinations of the weaknesses — a mistake indeed.
The anger of the shepherd ’ s anger was rooted in your persistence as a result of the existence of the Islamic Republic, so that Imam remained alive in the hearts and ears of the nation and the events being carried on ; so that on the 14th day of Khordad, the day of Imam ’ s death, the nation of Iran was coming out of all the land ( a demonstration of love for him ).
That was the reason for their anger.
The objective of our nation ’ s stability, the stability of its system of things, the reduction of its needs, the solving of its problems today when it comes to economic matters is that it has the opportunity to strengthen its economy, and the shepherds have nothing to be able to do in the presence of the Iran nation.
ALSO IN THIS ISSUE : Standing firm and fast, believing in God, acknowledging human strength, and acknowledging self-control — whether in the presence of the giants, or in the presence of the upright nations.
O my mighty brothers, the ten days are to come as a field of great trials, hoping to incite God, during which the great trials of the nations will rise in their midst and their flirting from the end and then have a good outcome.
“ There is no design or strength except from the God of the Great and from the almighty One. ”
Suggested Bible reading for Young People in Europe and North America
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
To the All Youths of Europe and North America
The recent wartime in France and the same weapons in other Western countries made me feel that I was right to speak to you directly.
I speak to you, You youths ; not because I have dishonored your parents, but because you are the chieftains, the army of the nations, and your country ; and then because I behold that your hearts are filled with a search for the truth.
I was not speaking the same way to the political and political institutions of your governments, nor did I believe that they deliberately and consciously removed their politics from the way of the truth.
Speech raises you against Muslims, especially depending on what you are being presented as Muslims.
During the past 20 decades of their ascension to heaven — from the time of the collapse of the Sobitimate Socialist Republic — an urgent effort has been made to reveal this massive religion as an outstanding fear-inspiring thing.
Sadly, such an atmosphere exposed the fears and fears of ( this religious ) conscience as a frightening conscience in Western political history.
Here, however, I don ’ t want to talk about the glitter and frightening hailstones that come and are now settled in the hearts of the western nations.
Returning to history, you will find that the new writers of history have overturned the injustice that the governments of the west have inflicted on the nations and cultures of the world.
The history of Europe and the United States has shaken itself with shame because of human worship, sovereignty, the abuse of white people and non-Christian people.
Archaeologists and teachers of your history are among the shamefulness of the shedding of blood under the name of a religion between Catholic and Protestant dictatorships or with the name of a tribal society in the second and most distant parts of the world.
The objective of drifting away with a remotest part of this long feherise of events is, not an archaeological checklist, but a suggestion to ask your scholars. Why, then, do the consciences of the western nations wake up and return to its emptiness only after a period of time or even decades of delay?
Why is man ’ s conscience exposed to events in the history of aeons rather than to present-day situations?
Why are people distracted from the understanding of such vital consciences as the Mosaic methods, customs, and thinking?
You know for yourself that the mistreatment, the birth of resentment, and the genuineness of cowardice of other people are part of it in producing all such materialism and misuse of humans.
In the meantime, I want to ask you why has the oldest political system now been restored to terrorism, Muslims, and Muslims?
Why does the world ’ s present-day governing system put Muslim thinking ahead?
Could it be that some are part of the Islamic thinking and doctrine that will become so enlightened to the political and political systems of the world that what will result from the vindication of the Islamic face?
Therefore, the first requirement is to ask questions and examine the reasons for such an urgent attempt to renounce Muslims.
The second requirement is to respond to such a profound propaganda as Muslims ( commonly called Muslims ) and to try to understand this religion ( Muslims ) with the teaching of the authenticity.
I do not say that you must recognize it or recognize another Muslim but that I do not say that you should be distracted from the fact that it has influence in today ’ s world for any other purpose.
Do not let them hypocritically introduce you with the terrorists who submit to their authority as representatives of Muslims.
You need to understand Islam from its original source.
Understand Muslimism by means of the Judges and the life of the Muslim Prophet ( survival and God ’ s loyalty to him and his Alters )
Here I want to ask you, Have you ever read the Muslim Rule directly?
Have you ever read the teachings of the Muslim Prophet ( survival and God ’ s loyalty ) and his beautiful qualities and personality traits?
Are you now aware of the effects of Islamism, not the media, but the media?
Have you ever asked yourself why this debat was formed and then based on other teachings opened the way to become the highest culture, the advancement of the world ’ s education and thinking, and then to educate the greatest and the best of world ’ s scholars and reasoners?
I say to you that you do not let political violence and foolishness be used to keep you away from the truth and to eradicate judgment in righteousness from you.
In the current state that the media have robbed the headquarters of the border, do not let you be robbed of the fine headquarters of the bull.
Despite the fact that no human can overflow with it, each one of you can build an inheritance of reasoning and righteousness over it.
Although the challenge between Islamism and you youths is a real challenge, it can create new questions in your minds that are searching for the truth.
Striving to find answers to these rich questions, you will be able to find new truths for more time.
Therefore, do not let this opportunity to grasp the truthfulness of Muslims overtake you, so why should you be swallowed up by such a heavy burden that you have, and the future nations will record a record of such a swallow that the western nations have swallowed up with Muslims without suffering.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Dr.Ahmadinejad Ministers of the Islamic Republic of Iran
Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Khamenei, in one of his instructions, replaced the former president of Iran, Dr. Mahmud Ahmadinejad, as a memba at the Islamic Ministry Parliament.
The following explanation of the admonition given by the Jagoran to reverse the Musulunci ’ s behavior is the following :
In the Name of the God of Mercy and Mercy.
Greater Dr. Mahmud Ahmadinejad ( Allah added help )
Consider the efforts and small assignments you have carried out for eight years as president of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the benefits you have received in that area.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Shimfida : Subsequent translation of the talk by Jagoran the Muslim Translation Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Khamene 'i was on March 20, 2011, during his interview with tens of thousands of people at the city of Mashhad on the first day of the new year of 1393 refuge
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
Survival and God ’ s faithfulness guarantee to our Leader and to our Prophet Abul Kasim al-Mustafa Muhammad along with His holy Alters, especially to God ’ s Most High in the Aftermath.
I am grateful to the Most High God from the midst of my heart to give me another opportunity to intervene with you mighty nations, mighty youths, mighty people of the Mashhadites, or mighty brothers and sisters who visited the holy place of Abul Hasan Ali bn Moses al-Ridha ( a.s ) and then to receive the blessing of the new year by sitting under the royal shadow of this great Adversary.
I am content with rejoicing at Nurouz and the arrival of the new year, hoping that the year we have come will be a year full of blessings and happiness, pleasures and pleasant acts for the whole of the Iranian nation and then become the means to acquire the knowledge of Ubnangiji and the fear of God the Most High.
There were some subjects that I wanted to talk for myself during this interview with you brothers and sisters.
The first is a glimpse of what has happened to us, about our nation and our country, and about what has affected us in the world ’ s controversies and territories.
His purpose in addressing the issues of the 1390 ’ s ( just preceding ) was in particular the achievements of the Chinese nation during that year because of the type of crafty acts that shepherds and noble-minded ones shut up against the Chinese nation.
Presumptuous leaders, puffed up with arrogance and violence and prisoners as well as their counterparts used all their power — political, democratic, and political — to see that they threatened the Iranians and threatened them to break their love.
Any who take sides in the propaganda of the upkeepers of the Iranite nation can see the prosperity of the work, economic hardship, political hardship, military threats, and so forth in the prospect of plunging the Iranite nation out of the stage, carrying out its activities, and making progress so that it can cut her off and intimidate her from her prejudice in the field.
In fact, they wanted to expel this box by saying that ‘ we can ’ t be taught by the great Imam ( Khumaini ) and then by the Islamic reversal gave us the courage to argue that we must be able to ‘ derive from the heart of the nation and incite them to believe that you are not really able to do anything. ’
The preceding year proved to be the year when they had reached that goal for the first time.
I want everyone to realize that much more so than what they hope to see the Iranite nation by continuing to walk on their course and the progress they have made and the stability of their roads give them sight and reassure the whole world of it, including the shepherds, that ‘ we are really able to do it. ’
His objective in speaking about the weapons and the successes that have been achieved is to reassure the ( borrow ) that the Iranian nation has used such power and then to reassure the insurmountable desires of the Iranian nation to do so.
It is not that we do not have wounded parts, for we do have wounded parts ; whereas in the following circumstances, much of the parts we have and the type of victories we have received are far more than the wounded parts.
We referred to the year 1390 ( which preceded ) as the ‘ Yearbook for the Economic Center ’ ; hence in that year ( which was the beginning of my reference ) as a financial year.
It is noteworthy that the activities carried out by such institutions in the economic field along with the sacrifices offered to them during the preceding year of one conscience are notorious and mercy.
Among the points that can be mentioned in this section is that this political system has the objective of governmental support.
In view of all economic facts, whether in the preceding governments or in this government, it is the one who has insisted that the issue of this political system is a must in the country ; everyone agrees.
But the government and the Sanhedrin in the preceding year, in such restrictive circumstances where the problem and suffering of the conscience were far more complicated than ever, zealously embarked on this work, and a very important part of the program was now being added.
The work was not partial, but what came now was governmental universities — either in the government or in the Sanhedrin — and the public support of them must have been achieved successfully and highly esteemed.
They were heard by the whole nation of us, but they had to be carefully considered — a great work ; an important work.
One of the objectives of this arrangement was to distribute governmental support to the nation in a righteous way.
In the latter part of a discourse, I explained that in the latter part this type of support was being distributed among the peoples by a way that was not righteous in it ; in principle it was the act of distributing it.
I have a well-thought-out report from recent parts of the country that indicates that this has played a role in improving the lives of unpopular people among the nations.
This was one of the objectives of this arrangement and was the most important purpose of the application of that law.
Another major objective was the refining of the geographical and economic systems of that country.
Based on the statistics of economists — all of whom have associated with them — that can be adjusted by implementing this arrangement for the purpose of the type of support being given ; that can adjust the type of material being produced and used.
Another reason for complaint is the proper use of armor.
Since we here are a weakness that God blessed with oil, we are so accustomed to the use of perfumed oil in an unwary manner.
The way we use these riches is highly esteemed by many of the world ’ s fertile nations and can be called the heavens and all the nations.
The latest edition and the latest edition show us that if this arrangement had not yet been implemented, then the value of oil in that country would have doubled the value of it at present.
In times past, we did not produce the rich oil that was needed in the home, so what must we do?
Then we had to bring oil from the outside ; that is, the nation of Iran had to be trapped in the hands of shepherds and deceivers.
In the meantime, the oil used in the house is almost equivalent to what is produced ; therefore, we do not need to import it.
This was the work carried out in 1390 B.C.E. ; at just the time when our shepherds imposed a ban on us to cover our nation.
However, the youths in our nation were zealous, and by means of such work they were able to deal successfully with shepherding confusion.
One of the most important works that were uttered in the preceding century, the outcome of popular zeal, was what was done in the field of education and technology.
Knowledge and experience are a major source of economic stability and stability.
When a nation gets enlightened and progresses in modern technology, it will be prosperous and will have political stability, and it will be prosperous and human.
Because of the significance of the advancement of knowledge and experience I have made that conscience my priority.
I receive a number of reports every day from various parts of the Internet ( according to the type of activity ) so I can tell you that the advancement in such a distant country is not far beyond what is now announced.
According to a report published by the approved world educational centers — not by our educational centers — in the world ’ s fastest form of education is the one that is taking place in Iran.
In the year 1390, which corresponded to 2011, the report published by the world ’ s educational centers in 2011 — that lasted three months since the Iranian province had made greater scientific progress than it did in 2010, millenniums, and more than 20 percent of its advancement.
This was at the same time when the shepherds of the Iranians plotted out the Chinese nation, claiming that we had imposed a roaring ban on the Iranians, but it seemed that the Iranians had succeeded in carrying out such a work.
Among the most recent reports of the world ’ s recognized centers of enlightenment is the report that in this region the Iran is the first in the field of enlightenment and then the 17th worldwide.
In 1390 we progressed in the field of natural technology, thus in the field of astronomy, and thus in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, in the year of the explosion, and in the year of the 1390 ’ s, we succeeded in crossing up to 20 percent of the Uranium.
In 1389, the U.S.A. and others set up our wallet before they gave it to us.
To our reference center in Tehran, we had to produce a weapon ( twenty-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-f
They offered us uraniums, saying that we had to send the uranium that we had crossed abroad ; but we refused to accept it.
Brazilian and Turkish universities sat down with our president, quarreled, and signed a new agreement.
But after signing that agreement, the United States rejected it. They did not want it to be signed, and they wanted to have extra items, using iron and throwing, to be dismissed.
The result of the failure to live up to the United States ’ vows shame the Brazilian and Turkish governments, as a result of a twenty-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two.
Last year they produced more than 20 percent of carbon dioxide for the benefit of the nuclear system of Tehran and then proclaimed it to the world ; thus our shepherds became troubled and unable to do so.
However, they knew that the center of Tehran was for providing medical treatment — providing for the needs of the sick, conducting research, and thousands of other sick — but they did not do so ( these supplies ) ; they did not sell, placing cisterns, and seeking access to you.
Our youths quickly regained it.
It was a hard work and confusion, a hard work, but it was gradually refined and in the habit of continuing to produce medicines on the tabernacle of Tehran with this home-built armor.
That was the same conscience that occurred in 1390 B.C.E.
In a sense, when the exchanges of Uranium scattered in the house arose, they were saying that you would give to Russia the uranium scattered in three and a half percent ; from there they passed to France, whereas France conveyed it to the air, and then they gave it to us. In fact, experts and youths suggest that we can personally produce it ; where they zealously cultivate it and then show it to the world.
That was the conscience that took place in the year 1390.
The number of drug prostitutes, the number of drug prostitutes, the number of drug prostitutes, the number of drug prostitutes, and the number of extracurricular services to the nations, all of which were produced at 1390.
These are just a few examples of the successes that have been during the ‘ economic year ’ ( the preceding year ).
These were advances in fields of enlightenment, advances in the fields of enlightenment, but all of them had a direct influence on the economy of that country.
By the end of that year of 1390 — that is, by the preceding week — it reached the center of oil research.
Here I see the many things and the progress that has been made in the vindication of the university, which can be similarly seen in other sections, so it is reasonable to conclude that such progress has not been accomplished merely in this environment.
The first step is the spirits and spiritistic thinking that are found in the hearts of the conductors of this work.
Such scholars refrain from their deeds by means of the spirits of the giant ; that is, the magnitude of the people who engage in the giant is at the base of the giant because it is God ’ s.
There are differences between those who work for a dictionary, those who work for prestige, or those who work for self-discipline, or those who work for God as dictatorships.
Surely this is a small conscience of real importance.
The second image is to see that our scholars have replaced the restrictions that have been imposed on our nation.
During the ups and downs, some people explained to me that we are really grateful to the God who has placed the restrictions on us.
This spirit feels that the restrictions imposed on us by the shepherds as an opportunity are a small and important conscience.
The third image I see in that area is the kind of strong trust available.
Some parts of the mining industry were available only in three parts of the country to flee ; they did not allow anyone to have such technology.
The length of our country required that she be taught this field in which the riches of hardworking and confusing acts devote many closest ones.
Well, with my eyes, I saw that ( our messengers ) were zealous and that we could.
Such trust among one nation as well as among other scholars and youths of another nation is a genuine conscience.
Another pattern is mutual consent to youths.
Because work is at the hands of young people.
Young people, on the other hand, are a source of light and new things.
Another brilliant image was the brilliance of scientists and universities ; which proved to be my long-lasting privilege.
I have always been advocating top-called universities and the preceding governments to work hard to locate legal disputes between institutions and institutions.
Happily, at the same time, I felt that such a statement had been confirmed.
Though it is certain that all of our engineers and universities will be trained, this will contribute to our advancement in the field of education and in the field of engineering.
That is the case in the year 1390 ; the year when from its beginning to its end the shepherds raised roots of hardships ; at times they were threatened, at times under political pressure, and at other times they bans us.
In the meantime, the majority of U.S. government officials around the world are still trying to see that they have imposed this restriction on their minds in an effort to corrupt the Iranians and to produce terrorism between the Iranians and the Islamic system.
In the 1390 ’ s, there were some major civil victories ; and there were some forms of diplomacy that had to do with the issues taking place in that territory in 1390.
Conducting the Islamic rebellion, the Palestine assembly, the armor-dishonoring assembly, the world ’ s weaknesses and weaknesses without terrorist activities, the Islamic youths and the rebellion are all part of the activities carried out in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has become a center where the eyes of the Muslim world turn to what is now awake.
In the economic ministry, thousands of homes and stores were built for the public.
This was just one of the most numerous and important numbers : houses were built on streets, streets and roads.
These are the things that have been cultivated in the years of prosperity that continue to prove righteousness.
Despite such crafty acts as shepherds and deceitful ones, this nation remained firm and made progress toward such advancement.
Although it should be understood that it has not been completed until now ; I hope that the nations will rise in their seat and their flocks during the second tour of the seat.
This gasoline is of real importance.
I would like to inform you, so I smoked palaces for about six months, and they had to do their best to see that they had killed the national guests so that they would not come out.
At times, they were saying that there would be a hailstorm ; at other times, they were saying that the hailstorm would rise up against the shepherdlike opposition of the Iranian nation ; they carried on the hailstorm in an attempt to prevent people from being hailstorms.
On one occasion by the massacre of our scholars — who in less than six months have prompted such a three-fold terrorist campaign — to intimidate our people, to kill them.
The length of the ten years that preceded was less than 40 percent of the population in the psalmist ’ s day of the Law of elders and representatives ( in the United States ).
Illustrate this with the Chinese-speaking nation, and look at such good-for-nothing pleasures and out-of-doors in such a time when the significance of the sign will appear plain.
Through such peer pressure and the threat of such mass murder, Esfand, which was celebrated on the 12th anniversary of the annual meeting in Iran, marked a day of civil distinction between the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic. But in view of what they expected, that day was a day for the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
It must have been a source of truthful and powerful information.
They have been polluting news reports that circulate in Iran, polluting reports that violate the Iran, and then polluting real news, but there is no way to verify that chain.
It is a conscience that occurs in human eyes.
This chain became the center of a series of broadcasts that opened the way to reveal the real Chinese nation and the Islamic system to other nations of the world.
Well, these are the events of the year 1390 ; the year when shepherds put all their strength to wipe out the nation of Iran.
These are some of the victories of the Iranian nation in the 1390 ’ s.
From the time the issue of nuclear energy was introduced, the shepherds took notice of it.
Evidently, then, they even argue that Irana simply does not want to produce nuclear weapons.
We do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons ; we do not smoke for nuclear weapons.
What was the root mark?
The primary issue was the determination of the Islamic system to curb the natural ( natural ) gas that God made for that land.
Today, economic and political stability plagues today, educational and military stability plagues, weapons, and oil.
For millenniums to come, the earth will need to be transforming gas gases ; this is a common conscience.
Lovers of self-exaltation know that their life is dirty with oil and gas gas.
During that period of time, they were unable to obtain the donor in a low cost, so it would be during such a period of time that they would have to take on something else, neglecting the expense they were making in order to obtain it. Such a day would be disastrous for them.
The stockpile of oil and other European and Western countries in the following many circumstances will be extended for a period of fleeting years, some six years, some nine years, so they must use the benefits that other countries have.
The U.S.A. has now kept an estimate of 30 billion pounds [ 30 billion pounds ] of oil based on our scholars ’ calculation, which depended on the type of calculation that the U.S. exhibition had extended to 2021, that is, the nine years leading up to the end.
At that time, they would rely on oil from the Persian Ocean, which is about 50 percent of the earth ’ s oil from that region.
At that time, they would rely on the three olive trees of our territory as well as on the explosive sea ; one of these treasures was China, which I would explain.
Among the most common parts of the world — not just the Pacific Ocean, the oil, and gas — is the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Some are more than ours, while others are more than ours.
On the part of the gas blessing, we are the second hail in the world — Russia, the first hail in the field of fuel and the first hail in the field ; three hail in our presence are the hail of hail of hail than ours ; but only if the gas blessings have been summed up outside the Islamic Republic, our greatest hail of hail has been identified according to what is now far greater than the rest of the world.
Surely this was an intriguing conscience to the areas where they used oil for the centers of marijuana egotism for the rest of their life was perfumed with iron, oil, and gas.
It lasted ten years to fifteen years, but the Islamic Republic of Iran — according to the blessings that have been discovered today — up to seventy years to the 80 ’ s — must have been a good conscience.
A potter with oil and gas like that, so to what do presumptuous friends want?
They wanted that country to be subdued by a government and an arrangement that would be the same as that of some inhabitants of the region. These countries had oil and many of them, but they did so with an U.S. garment : to say to them how much oil you were going to steal and then to say to them how much oil you were going to sell ; to say without problem ; to sell, to sell, to sell, to sell, to sell without problem, and not to sell to anyone without problem.
If even in Iran, which is the key oil producer, there has been an arrangement for a covetous government to steal this wealth, it will refuse to compromise this treasure and then to compromise her confidence in shepherding politics, and they will oppose that arrangement.
People who hoped that if we were to give up on nuclear issues, the U.S. would end its neutrality, and they would surely regret it.
Their problem was not nuclear.
There are nations with nuclear weapons, and they are still in our own territory, but they are not concerned about them.
Thus, it was not a matter of nuclear weapons or nuclear weapons, nor was it a matter of human responsibilities.
The problem was that the Islamic Republic stood in front of them as a lion.
If the Islamic Republic had been prepared to defeat some parts of that region, it would have been more difficult for them than for them.
The mark was the type of covetousness and haughtiness that they had ; that was the basis of their opposition to the nation of Iran.
Of course, the Americans were mistaken.
It would have been a serious mistake to think that by means of hatred and threat, they could force the Islamic Republic of Iran to withdraw or have the opportunity to eradicate the Islamic Republic from the field.
Westerners do not allow their nations to perceive the calamities that could arise in the field of wild beasts.
They do not want their nations to understand what awaits them in connection with the sign of the oil and their weapons ; they do not want to share these things with their nations.
They reasoned that by exercising their enmity with the nation of Iran, they could feed their activities ahead of their own.
I want to tell you, Ya, you mighty brothers and sisters, Ya, the Chinese nation! That the United States, with its all-powerful expression of violence, and with its all-powerful expression of violence, are now in a vulnerable and disadvantaged state.
I just don ’ t want to make excuses with secret information or some other material as special information ; what I pledge is something that in public is the average numbering of two accounts and two accounts.
See, for example, that the current U.S. leader on the throne is the result of a ‘ high-sounding ’ millennium.
What does it mean to be easy?
It is the fact that we are now living in a very bad situation, so I want to change it.
On the contrary, the U.S. nation, confined with racial prejudice, was unprepared to give the party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party party.
In fact, the influence of the human family ( Amurka ) was a conscience that reflected a negative attitude — a state of affairs in the United States when this man stood firm, just as the Americans themselves confirmed a tragic situation and promised to cause them pain.
As a result, it is only acknowledged as a dangerous situation.
I didn ’ t want to take partial parties that way, and the Ameran people themselves explained that their situation was worse.
So this man was the one who gave birth to the crown of the kingdom, the one who gave birth to it.
Did he have the opportunity to replace this sad situation?
That debt, in turn, was equal or valuable to the extent of the things they were making in the house.
This was a serious problem for a certain weakness.
This was the political situation in which they lived : They were forced to leave Iraki without any achievement, and in Afghanistan their situation would almost deteriorate every day.
In Muslims, Egypt, northern Africa, and Tunisians, American peoples fell asleep in their eyes.
Following all of this material, there was a wall Street headquarters in the United States.
Is that a good situation?
As a result, the United States is in a very difficult place.
Na'am, a giant, was the victim of a threat to other countries in the United States ; the giant was the victim of rage.
There I wanted to announce that ; we do not have nuclear weapons, we do not have nuclear weapons, but to protect ourselves against any shepherding attack on us — whether the United States or the lawless nation of Israel — we will return to them with a corresponding response and attack on us by the shepherding attack.
The great Judge promises us : “ They will not have a helper ; they will not have a helper ; they will not have a helper ; they will not have a helper.
God ’ s road that has strayed from before this, and you will not have any exchange for God ’ s way ( with the help of the deaf upon their oppressor ) (Suratul Fat 'h 48:22-23 ).
There is no place in the Judges where ( Allah the Supreme King ) has stated that if you start fighting, you will have certain success ; you are a victorious giant, a giant, a victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious victorious.
Well, ( Allah ) promises that whenever shepherds begin to attack you, they will surely not be disappointed.
This should not be thought to be a conscience involving the founding of Muslims ; that is, “ the Way of God that has strayed from before it and that you will not have any exchange for the Way of God ( with the help of the deaf upon their oppressor ) ) ” is the name of Jehovah.
The Iran nation became jealous of all goods and then did not have the intention of attacking another ; it had both natural and natural affection for her personality, her material possessions, her social status, her Musulunc, her Musulunc Republic, and all its power.
In fact, when you were a buyer and a housekeeper, you were helping the Iranians to build work, and you were helping the Iranians to flourish and make advancement.
This plague of customs filled with errors that can be viewed as mixed with other parts of our nation — the use of external materials — is indeed a plague to our world, a plague to our advancement and weaknesses.
Each of us has a weight on his own, and we must support and strengthen the materials we build in the home.
So today the universities have a place in their hands, and they can use it to build buildings that are being prepared in the house.
Likewise, they were nations of giants or giants who had the power to perform duties and were obligated to set themselves together to carry out duties.
You must be searching for and using the materials prepared in the home.
It was not surprising, then, that it was a mistake to stay in our apartment, in our furniture, in our car, in our daily needs, and in our furnishings, whereas in most cases the furnishings in the home were even more suitable.
I heard that some of the products produced in some of the country ’ s cities were going out to be labeled outside and then returned.
If they were sold here, they would not be desired by a buyer, but because they had a sign of the French company in their flesh, he simply went to buy this garment, the suitcase, or the clothes here ; that was a mistake.
The furnishings produced in the home are an important conscience.
In the use of the materials that have been produced, the highest part of the work is in the hands of people ; that is, in the process of refining the type of gifts that have been used for the past two years, in the case of inviting the Iranian nation to him and then, in the case of expanding the economy that I spoke of last year, a vital conscience ; we must make it our hypocrisy.
Brothers and sisters in all these countries, how much more so today we need sacrifice and work together!
There are things that produce many newcomers and divisions.
Sometimes in one conscience, there may be a difference between the viewpoint and the way two people view the conscience ; yet, this should not be the result of a new one.
At times, it seems that this man had such a viewpoint and that someone had such a viewpoint should not be the object of a newborn child.
The great Judge tells us : “ Stop arguing until you are weak and let your air go away ” ( Suratul Anfal 8:46 ) if we have argued so much in our conscience about political issues, economic issues, and economic issues that we have caught up the clothes of one another, so our shepherds will have the courage to strike.
In the years that followed, our shepherds received the measure of vigilance that resulted from uncontrolled eggs among us.
Amirul Muminin ( a.s ) was teaching us, stating : ‘ He who is seeking the truth but who is mistaken is not the same as the one who is seeking it and who is finding it. ’
One opposer appears to be seeking the truth, loving the Islamic Republic, loving the Islamic movement, and loving religion as well as the eternal God ; then he is mistaken ; he should not be opposed.
He was different from a man who became accustomed to the Islamic system and then opposed the Islamic system.
Tend your hearts, interact with one another in love and affection, but the fact is that the latest media and Internet media have allowed people to interfere with unkind speech.
Well, the root of the sign is that we personally feel compelled to imitate the fine qualities of Muslims ; we respect law.
Well, these words of mine should not be viewed as something else for some people to go and criticize unscriptural remarks of our so-called jealous youths as impostors.
I do, however, see all the youths of the country who are jealous, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, violent, and violent.
Everyone must respect the law.
The muzzle and muzzle are part of the Islamic Republic system.
The sign is similar in the case of Iran ’ s universities.
The government honored the divinely inspired Sanhedrin, the Sanhedrin honored the divinely inspired government and the chairman ; they lived with one another in sacrificial and sacrificial work.
This does not mean that all of them should be reasonable and reasonable ; nor does it mean that if they are so old enough to have an important viewpoint, then everyone will finds its own necks.
I hope that the year 1391, which starts today, will be one of the years full of pleasantness, hard work, success, and happiness for the Iranian nation.
Why, O Sovereign Lord Jehovah! Blessed be our mighty young people, our mighty nation, on a course of uprightness!
O Jehovah God, hurl the shepherds of this nation.
Create that mighty nation with firm conviction toward its future objective : Create the heart of Waliyul Asr, who has become acceptable to us, and then place us in his prayers.
Shimfida : What follows is the interpretation of the talk by Jagoran the Muslim Translation Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Khamene 'i on March 21, 2013, during his interview with tens of thousands of people at the city of Mashhad on the first day of the 1392 refuge :
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
All thanks is to the God of creation, Lord.
God ’ s loyalty was trustworthy to Siddikatur Tahira, God ’ s beloved Apostle, and the survival of God ’ s loyalty was trustworthy to her, her father, her husband, and her sons.
I am willing to make greetings and rejoicing for all the older brothers and sisters who have attended this great crowd.
I entreat God, the eternal King, to prepare our hearts and tongues for his good.
It is noteworthy, then, that each year, on such a celebration day of the Nourouz, with such joy and pleasures of the nation, I have the opportunity to remain in your midst and to ponder matters related to the country, the situation in which I live, and then look for the events that lie ahead and the events that lie ahead.
Great brothers and sisters, you should recognize that we, in the Iran nation, are not blind to our conscience and to our accountability, and are there individuals who are blind to our actions, judging and expounding their views on matters that affect us and what we do.
There are many nations that benefit from the values we have received : They look intently at the situation of the Iranite nation, and they rejoice over any success we have received.
When we succeed, they feel that they have succeeded, and when we are victims of a bitterness, they feel hot and bitter.
Similarly, there are other people in the world who focus their attention on our activities except on those initially.
They were proselytes to the nation of Iran.
Most common among these are the years and decades that they have all the consciences that relate to that country, all the consciences of that country.
Then the turning of the Islamic spirit came and broke their hands.
That is why they oppose that version, oppose the government produced by it, and oppose that system.
As a result, we are subject to viewing an immense number of billions of humans.
Hence, as we look at our past and future features and features, our circuit must be stable, stable, and stable.
Some of our people, whenever they watched the weather in the country, had nothing to look at except on the side of the wound.
They had nothing to see except the cost of goods, the expense of the remaining items produced in the house on the other sides and the pressure on the number of shepherds.
I just had a wheelchair.
When I watched the situation in the country and the situation in our native country, I watched a harsh and challenging field and then the Iranians were the victorious in that field despite the harlot ’ s hostility.
There are no doubt the wounds and problems that exist ; among the developments in that country are life-threatening developments.
That innocent woman, who was in the back of the U.S. secretary ’ s secretary ’ s secretary ’ s secretary, was poisoned by a belligerent beating, saying that we wanted to impose a ban on the Islamic Republic that would crush Irans.
So in the near future, I will explain what they did and where they did them.
As a result, on one side are the harlot and the harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot ’ s harlot.
When a person looks at this stage, the racing stage is a contest with a struggle with a hailstorm, but only one hailstorm can win the race and then the other people can continue to show mercy to it.
Well, the stars of this vast field are, in front of our eyes, the nation of Iran.
Anyone who looks at this scene and carefully examines it will feel sorry for the Iranian nation, just as we now hear the sounds of such mercy from the nations in the world, including from the invaders of the opposing nations and from the locks of accusations against the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, university scholars, and many others who know where the world is and then watch the scene, all of whom deeply respect the nation of Iran.
Whatever material efforts have been made throughout the country and what the outcome will come from them must be observed.
Who, then, are these rich people?
Eventually, I will shed light on it.
Shepherds who do not look forward to seeing the wealth of advancement that the Iran worldwide has had two basic guarantees : First, to the extent possible, they will do whatever they can to see that the Iran world does not have such advancement.
They would do so by signing restrictions by means of terrorist attacks, by means of charges, by governmental institutions, by means of interferences, by clearing the minds of the nations, by prohibiting them from prominent activities ; by denying them of practical wisdom ; by denying the wealth of advances in their media, by denying the world ’ s tens of thousands of broadcasts that have engaged in this work to show the world that no progress has been made by the nation of Iran.
( In recent times ) U.S. president, in a discourse, commented on the economic problems that Iran faces ; the campaign focuses on the many successes he has made.
He was acknowledging that the beauty of China has failed, and there are economic problems here and there.
Thirty years have passed since we have faced challenges — one that in the future will shed light on what has been accomplished for the past three decades — and nothing that has not been done to prevent the country from continuing to submit to the Islamic shadow living in its subjects.
That preceding year of 1391 was a number of years when our shepherds were too busy with their protective activities.
They argue that we want to torture the Iranians by imposing restrictions on them.
In fact, if the Islamic Republic remained steadfast and prosperous, their personality would disappear.
If they are unable to do so, they may at least try to do so by means of their media and propaganda.
Today, they are engaged in just two small tasks — an attempt to stop operations by means of pressure, threats, restrictions, and so forth — and thus by means of their sophisticated legs, a measure of success, and a measure of self-control.
So we felt that there was a shepherd.
Who, then, are these shepherds?
Where was the foundation of the hidden treasures of the Iranians?
Well, the answer to that question is not burdensome.
Today, about three decades of flight when the name “ shepherd ” is referred to in the hearts and minds of the Chinese muscles are returning to the U.S. government.
It is good for the U.S. universities to realize that for the past three decades and a recent event, the nation of Iran must have seen some of the things you have planned to set from the time that the shepherd ’ s name was mentioned, and their hearts are now returning to the United States.
Surely this is an important conscience that every government that wants to live in a human way on earth should take into consideration this conscience and make a personal point.
They are the center of the hidden treasures and protection.
Certainly, there are some of the wild beasts, but we do not see them as the first beast ’ s shepherds.
The surgeonite Jews were also shepherds, but the surgeonite governments did not reach our position as part of the nation ’ s shepherds in Iran.
At times, the forbidden universities of Israel threatened us, threatening us with military attacks ; then, in my viewpoint, they also knew that if they did not even realize it, they would know that the giant had been defrauded ( had attacked us ), and then the Islamic Republic would rub off the “Tel Aviv ” and the “Haifa ” of the giant.
The corrupt government of England is also actively opposing the Iranian nation.
England is one of the longtime shepherds of the Iran nation ; until the government of England is part of the U.S. flag.
She herself was not independent of the government of England, and after all, she was crowned as a self-dishonoring shepherd ; she was the U.S. citizen.
There are other forms of governments that show hostility.
Here I feel wise to announce that in recent years the French government agencies have demonstrated their neutrality toward the nation of Iran — something foolish that the French universities have done.
A shrewd person, especially one of the politicians who knows what to do, should not return a person who does not have him as a shepherd.
We have no problem with the government and France for a long time, and we have no problem with them at the same time.
From our standpoint, this is a mistake and then a lack of thought and thinking ability.
During their talk, the U.S. court that “ the parts of the world ” have placed the names of certain nations as “ the parts of the world ” ; those nations are the U.S.A., the U.S.A., the U.S.A., the U.S.A., the U.S.A., the U.S.A., and other civil governments.
In view of the modern-day view of the 1391 B.C.E., it should be noted that since the early 1391 B.C.E., the U.S.A. began to operate their new design ; yet, even though they were literally reflecting your friendships and facial feelings.
Since the beginning of the year 1391, they have begun to impose a severe ban on the nation of Iran ; the ban on oil, ban on banks, and interchange between banks between the Islamic Republic and other countries have done much in this field.
They showed hostility, but they hoped that the Iranians would not recognize them as shepherds and take their stand against them.
In the preceding years in this area, at hubbaren Imam Ali bn Moses al-Ridha ( a.s ) in a public talk similar to that of the first year of the parade stated : “ Do not let your affection and affection go unnoticed by it.
The U.S. government sent out special men to speak with the world ’ s marketplaces to travel abroad, to speak with the company ’ s leaders, to see that they did not locate a financial crisis with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Next, they sentenced the victims to lock a bottle and oil bottle with the Islamic Republic.
They began this work from the beginning of 1391, especially in the month of Morad, where they were severely persecuted.
In the preceding months, I had to smoke palaces in such a way that the U.S. officials were saying that I too had made sure that the ban had exerted power and that it had not exerted power if they wanted to be happy and happy.
Our economic situation faced the challenge of trusting in the oil.
We must put our finances apart from our trust in the oil ; our governments should put them in their plans.
Seventy-eighteen years ago, I told the government that at the time they would have to make an arrangement that whenever we would like we could cover our flourishes.
On that occasion, some who called themselves ‘ concubine ’ broke out and laughed at them, saying that it was unreasonable?
Naaman, a giant, had to get along that way, and something had to be done and guarded.
Whenever economic hardship strikes a special place, shepherds are zealously devoting themselves to that place.
Na`am was influenced by a ban, but it was not the kind of influence that shepherds desired.
In the field of political affairs, even during the last year ( 1,391 ), the shepherds did everything they could to see that they made the Islamic State of China as isolated as they were in the field.
Government officials were to watch the Islamic Republic of Iran — not allow the Islamic Republic of Iran to exert any influence and political stability in this region and in other parts of the world — but they too.
For what they longed to see, it must have happened.
Governing Body members constitute a third of all nations around the world. Leaders of countries and international institutions attended the meetings in Tehran.
All of them proved to be merciful to the nation of Iran.
They told us this and then in their conversations with the media, they were all in the same way, and their nations were all convinced that after they returned home.
That is precisely what the shepherds of the nation of Iran longed to see.
They hesitated to influence.
In the house-to-house political scene, their objective of putting this restriction was to place doubts in the hearts of the Iranian nation in line with their course ; to produce sabbaths between the nation and the Islamic system ; to discourage people and to cut down their affections.
On the 22nd day of Bahman, the nation of Iran gave them a measure of weakness in their face by their appearance and expressions of affection and affection that reflected this Islamic system and the transformation of Muslimism.
In the field of vigilance, they have done everything they can to corrupt the health of the country, where governmental institutions have shaken light on material wealth in their media channels.
In the political scene of that region, they even tried to eliminate the influence of the Islamic Republic.
On the political scene, they themselves confirmed that there was no problem with the territory that could be solved without China ’ s favor and approval.
In connection with the attack by the Syrians to Gaza, the Syrians were placed in the hands of the Palestine fighters, who themselves were taking the court.
They were partialists, not of us, but of us — that if they were not based on the existence and stability of the Islamic Republic, the Palestine governor could not even stand firm in the presence of ( the corrupt country ) Israel, and it could not even be referred to as a knee.
Because at the time of the eight-day conquest, the Palestinians conquered the invaded land of Israel.
I concluded that their attempts were not to be said to have no influence ; Na'am had influenced, but on one side and produced us with an extraordinary victory that we rightly hope to see.
On the other hand, the ban ruled against the Iranians and their counterparts, so that they could have carried out even greater responsibilities — unless such restrictions had occurred and all of this had occurred.
In the field of construction, which would later be further explained, 1391 made progress that when compared with the years that preceded, it might be said that 1391 was a year of uncertainties.
A number of developments have been carried out ; on the construction project, on the construction project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, on the recovery project, and on the recovery project.
In 1391, we made dramatic progress in the field of education.
In the field of education and skill, the last year a great deal of activity was carried out that would please the people who exercised faith in the wholesome weapons of that nation.
That was the year that they wanted to conquer the iranite nation, but then our young people and great scholars in that year dispatched the modern-day Dan 'adam stars to the universe ; the living creation was dispatched to the universe and through the Peshgam telescopes ; and then the modern-day airplanes were constructed.
When this living creature was sent to the universe, he returned to life, and in perfect health, at first, scientists denied it because it seemed astounding to them.
Later, though, after the truth had been revealed to all, they found that they had no way to accept it.
In the field of health and medical care, however, there have been superstitious operations that have a bearing on human health.
In the field of natural knowledge, we remained foremost in that area.
Large operations were carried out, and other treatments were produced.
All of this was done in that year that the Iran, who was sentenced to ban their good lives and all the victories of humanity, were forbidden.
In fact, this year we have taken the initiative in spreading topics of important education.
In the field of enlightenment and university technology, this country has grown for over 30 percent in comparison with the preceding year.
In 1391 the harlot of university scholars was found twenty-five times in comparison with the beginning of the success of a Muslim translation.
That is, our university graduates were cut down by 25 percent of all the graduates who entered the university course last year.
What a marvelous victory that has been for the Iranian nation!
In the rainstorm, in the atmosphere, and in the atmosphere, in the molecular fields, in the new arms, in the molecular fields, and in the nuclear fields, that land had great victories.
All of this was found in the year when the shepherds of the Chinese nation did everything in their ability to see them plunder the Chinese nation.
Among the events of the year 1391 are powerful lessons for us ; the lesson is that any nation that is alive is threatened by the pressures of the shepherd ’ s staff and staff will not put on it.
It explains to us and to all its sights that what matters to a certain nation is trust and strength, trust in the almighty God, trust in itself, and lack of trust in shepherds.
That is what will sustain her in the future.
The year 1391 proved to be a period of testing and refining.
We can be sure that we understand the weaknesses we may have ; that is, the appearance of the atheists.
During the wartime, the soldiers recognized the weapons they had and the wounds they had to overcome.
We recognize the weaknesses we may have.
This weakness, however, came from our trust and reversal — mostly from the weaknesses we may have — the lack of political control, economic security, and the common practices in life.
This signal must be observed by the governmental institutions that are now on the throne, especially by the universities that will come in the future after the convention will be held in that year.
One of the greatest lessons that we have learned about the construction of that land is that its foundation is a solid foundation.
When the foundation becomes stronger, the shepherd ’ s confusion will not be overwhelming.
If even the prestigious universities and such a solid foundation recognized the weight of their hardship and carried out their duties properly, they would have the opportunity to return any threat to another ; just as in 1391 the threat of a shepherd to another opportunity fed us first.
Insurance of God in the future will have a bearing on what the universities and the nation of that land have done during the 1391-year reign.
Economic conviction is a vital conscience that over the years has overwhelmed me, but the economy is not just a vital conscience ; human health is also vital, educational advancement is vital, and it is also the source and source of work.
Because education continues to grow weak, all the other work that will eventually come will become easier.
Uncontrolled freedom and uncontrolled speech are also vital, an uncontrolled conscience of a nationality, an influence of a local conscience within a nationality, and a weakness of conscience that testifies to the security and security of that country, an important conscience itself.
In all these areas, we made progress.
It is in the field of vigilance or in the field of health, so in the field of the influence of failure, failure, and power to solve problems that this country has encountered.
By means of such wealthy advancement, our nation made sure that not becoming subjects of the U.S. authority does not mean turning back ; that is an important conscience indeed.
The world ’ s concrete and powerful rulers — in the face of today ’ s rulership and the United States wants to show the world ’ s nations that only if you want a better life and advancement — you must be subjects of our authority.
The Iranian nation confirmed that this was a flaw.
Our nation is convinced that a lack of trust in the United States and other major parts of the world is not merely a cause for failure, but it is also a cause for advancement.
There were such wealthy nations that befell themselves with the United States.
For more than three decades, you can see how much more than three decades of the Islamic Republic have grown and how much more status the Islamic Republic has reached you and where you live.
Anyone who reads this article will realize that the lack of trust in the majorities of the world is a real threat to a certain nation, not a threat.
The pagan nation of Iran, the reward of such power, power, and self-control, took advantage of this opportunity.
Sometimes we had a similar experience, and then we saw his success.
An illustration of this is the matter of developing 20 percent of nuclear energy needed by the telescope of Tehran, where the central nuclear system of Jehovah ’ s Witnesses is produced.
This small arrow needed a twelve-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five
To cling to this desperate need, they were to force the Islamic Republic to accept its offerings and needs.
Well, just before the signal reached a position that could be a problem for us, the younger men and our scholars packed up some 20 percent of the missile of the night to measure up to what this center needed.
Our opposers never imagined that we could do so.
But at the right time, our government officials recognized this need, so they expanded, and we succeeded in supporting such Chinese dogs.
Just as they anticipated that the Islamic Republic would come before them, so to speak, so to speak, so to speak, so to speak, so to speak, so to speak, so to speak, so to speak.
If our experts and youths were not involved in this work, today we would be in the humiliation of self-control and immorality and the expensive knees we went to opposers, introducing them with the need to sell to us the equipment, or taking care of the necessary medicines and supplies.
The local Witnesses discovered this, and in time, they realized it, and they did what they needed to do.
Thus, it must be the governmental arrangement in all the consciences involving the country — the Iranian governments, industries, markets, contracts, scientists, archaeologists, archaeologists, and scientists — to remove this massive weight, which is also reasonable in the sense that before the need arises, they must prepare and pass the shepherd ’ s presence in their craftsmen.
The scrolls they were to write were in this section ; the scrolls they were to make for research were in this section.
If they were to conduct professional or educational projects, all of them would have to become part of that section.
The weight of all of us is that we work hard to build the land in such a way that it cannot be pressed along with the influence of a shepherd.
This is part of the economic crisis that we have introduced.
In the midst of a struggle economic system, one of the most important branches is that of setting the economies up to be the ultimate target of any threat.
Economic hardship must be a danger ; it must be a danger ; it must be a danger ; it must be able to dampen anything that could be confronted by a shepherd ’ s cunning.
This is the first issue that I must make known to you.
The second point is that the U.S.A. repeatedly sends us e-mails, asking us to discuss nuclear issues, e-mails, and reports.
Higher and high-tech universities in North America, in recent periods, tell us to come after the 5+1 nuclear discussion, the United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran will also sit at the table to discuss the nuclear plans of Iran.
Why?
In fact, the context suggests that a conversation on the U.S. subject is not a matter of sitting in order to determine the right way and way out, but that is not what it means to talk.
What they mean to talk about is to sit down and talk about so that you can agree with what we are in the parade!
That is why we have always announced and said that this is not a discussion ; this is an obligation, and China will not be too difficult for you.
I don ’ t have any good skin on such a palace, but I don ’ t try to stop it.
There are, then, some points that I must clarify :
For one thing, the U.S.A. repeatedly sent us a mail, sometimes written, and sometimes sent a mail, saying that we simply do not have the intention of smoking the Islamic government ( China ) ; so they tell us.
Our answer is that we are simply not concerned whether you have the intention of fishing the Islamic system or not, and eventually you take part in the present attitude that you do not intend to replace that Islamic system.
At that time, you were determined to rip off the Musuluncination program, then openly in the field, and you hastened to do something — and in the future you could do nothing.
The second point is that the U.S.A. reports that we are really on the subject of the discussion.
In other words, we really want to communicate with you and then to have a reasonable conversation ; that is, not a compulsive conversation.
So I tell them : On several occasions we have told you that we just don ’ t want to build a carpenter ’ s arms, but you don ’ t want to.
So why should we agree with what you are in the field?
In the meantime, you are not prepared to accept a word of truth that is reasonable, do you not have any reason to agree with what you are on the platform at times that you have confirmed it?
Our insight into the United States-prepared discussion advice is another deceptive tactic of misleading and misleading people ’ s minds — people of the world and people of our country.
You must make sure that you do not.
Can you be sure?
There I wanted to announce that one of their tactics was that at one point they were overwhelming the accusations that some people from Jagorah had gone to talk with the Americans.
This was one of the plagues and then one of the plagues.
Now there is no one from the department of Jagorah who has communicated with them.
The third point is that what we realize about the consequences of our drifting away and keeping our eyes on the scene is that the United States simply does not want this nuclear discussion to end.
On the contrary, if the U.S. government was to put an end to this nuclear discussion and solve the problem, it would be a simple, open-minded solution.
In the matter of nuclear energy, the only thing that the world has to accept is its responsibility to disrupt Uranium, which is a part of its responsibility.
Specific and worldly forces acknowledge that the Iran has the responsibility to disrupt the uranium for the purpose of being at peace in its second place.
Is that something that we always had in the court — something that they did not want to do?
They insist that we are alone in anxious concern that you at this time take up the process of building nuclear weapons.
They are ‘ citizens of other nations ’ that mention their names above, calling themselves ‘ citizens of the earth ’ by name.
They argue that ‘ the extremities of the earth are in trouble. ’
Meanwhile, the nations of the world are not in trouble.
Many of the world ’ s inhabitants support the Islamic Republic and the need for us to do so because of the Chinese need for another real need.
To accept the IRAN ’ s responsibility to disrupt Urnium and then to eliminate this problem, they could violate the laws of the world nuclear agencies.
Whenever we approach the way to solving the problem, the Americans will place a card that prevents us from taking that way to solve the problem.
Their objective, as we can understand, is that they want this sign to continue so that they can have something to be under pressure.
Such pressures, as they themselves do in a turmoil-stricken palace for the Iranite nation, will not always be in a position to torture the Iranite nation.
The issue of fleeing and ending in connection with that sign is that if even the Americans sincerely wanted an end, I would introduce them with another route.
Thus, the United States would put an end to the neutrality of the Islamic Republic and the nation of Iran.
If they were to end the problems between us — just as they were saying that we wanted to be free of any problem between Iran and the United States — they would end their neutrality.
Thirty years have passed since the U.S. federal governments, as a result of the misunderstanding of the Iran and its nation, have organized sophisticated sophisticated diseases of the Iran nation.
Since the first year of its success, the reversal of the Islamic spirit and the establishment of a Islamic government have been a manifestation of hatred for us.
In the field of vigilance, they organized preparations to infect us ; they carried out vigorous acts of defrauding us ; they had supported our chief shepherds for millenniums ; they had carried out economical procedures ; they had used all their resources to infect the Iranian nation.
So I called the U.S. universities ; if they were looking for the best way of life, the best way of life would be to adjust their politics, to adjust their activities, and to put an end to the neutrality of the Iranite nation.
There is a barrier that even if it is cramped, I must make a pattern, which is a serious matter of sprinkling.
Zebulun in our country is another sign of political weakness.
Zebedee is a symbol of political weakness ; a symbol of the establishment of the Islamic system ; a symbol of the dictatorship of the Islamic Republic.
Zebedee is a sign of the seed of failure, a sign of the Islamic democratic system.
As a result, it is based on the seriousness of the sprinkling that the shepherds of the Chinese nation constantly strive to produce my flour in China.
They organized rods that would prevent people from being drawn out, killing their guests, and putting them to slaughter.
Over the years, we have been conducting a parliament or a parliament, or a parliament, when our shepherds have tried to see that the parliament is so important that the parliament is so important in this land.
In fact, I had two months and something else left behind.
But in the meantime, I would just set some pattern.
In the first stage, the primary issue in the chart is that the public appearance and flirting during the harvesttime is a truly important conscience.
Public appearance during the harvesttime may dampen the threat of a shepherd ; it may impel a shepherd to cut down and cut down the land.
Our nation, wherever they are at the royal court, should know that their haughty appearance during the drought will influence this country ’ s army ; thus in security, ‘ preserving the wealth of the wealth and the economy of the nations in all the important matters of that country. ’
This is the first matter ; that is, with God ’ s approval and with the support of the Lord and with the zeal of the Chinese nation has promoted a tremendous blow to mankind.
The second point is that all members of the Islamic Republic who belong to the Islamic Republic are under obligation to take part in it.
That is a personal responsibility, and that is a personal responsibility.
Persecution does not belong to one political party or to one political party.
All members of the congregation must believe in the Islamic Republic and the freedom of the State and then give priority to the army of the State and the jealousy of the advancement of the nation to get involved in it.
Turning back is a fitting conscience that is opposed to this arrangement.
The third point : Mankind ’ s viewpoint and viewpoint are the outcome.
It is your custom to conduct a checklist, to consult with people you agree with, so that you can locate the best person to pull it out.
I just don ’ t have a lot of money.
I now, like the rest of the people, had just one card, and then the card before I threw it into the pocket, no one knew whom I would not offer it.
Na'am was a good-for-nothing man who had been caring for the sackcloth, so to speak, to my notes so that they could understand which one I had placed on them.
If someone partied in such a way, it would be wrong.
Assured of these stocks and such impressive broadcasts — such as mobile phones and so forth — by telephone and by telephone and by telephone slides and by telephone slides and by telephone slides.
Thousands of e-mails were sent by a potter.
I was informed that it was a poisonous laborer in the spring of the laborer ’ s laborer ’ s laborer ’ s laborer.
Be careful, then, not to be influenced by such items.
Na'am, any individual or political party, could have drawn the attention of others to neutrality, but depending on it, no one could hear anything from me.
On the other hand, people can make decisions and help one another to identify the best.
The only reliable principle is the attitude and attitude of people.
The issue of fleeing is that among the consciences involving sprinkling and sprinkling of sprinkling, everyone is under obligation to come to the law ; to respect the law.
In 1388 B.C.E. ( 2009 B.C.E. ) — the one who infected and caused harm to the nations — the incident was based on the lack of respect for the law of others and the lack of respect for popular opinion.
I had to adjust to what I wanted ; I had to respect it.
Respect for what the majority of the nations claimed must be respected.
These legal means must be used.
To call people to street borship simply because what happened was accustomed to what we wanted — as it did in 1388 — is one of the shortcomings that could not be filled as a symbol of their birth loss.
What a lesson that must have been for the Iranian nation, and the Iranian nation would stand firm for the transfiguration!
The last point is that everyone should know that what we need from the future chieftain is the good things ( the preceding chieftains ) have without the type of injury.
Everyone should be aware of the obligation of a modern-day leader to have the good things he had with the president but not with any injury he had.
Everyone had a part of his armor and a part that was injured.
The chieftains are now or who may come in the future with weaknesses and weaknesses.
The future leader must have things that are called today as part of the government and the current chairman of the state of affairs.
In other words, within the governments we have, those who are coming must go and must be on the road to progress and to complete one another.
Those who were willing to enter this field had to enter with all the strength, trust in God, and confidence in the power that this nation had.
O Jehovah God! Give this nation what will prove to be beneficial and beneficial to her.
Why, O Sovereign Lord, make the great life of Waliyul Asr happy with all of us!
O Jehovah God! Take delight in the great Imama Khumaini with the spirit of our witness.
Make arrangements for you and your course and then acknowledge them with your generosity.
Jagorah ’ s Discussions and Interventions in the Economic Department Shimfida : On Wednesday, August 17, 2011 corresponded to the April 16, 2009, the magnificent Ramalana was the Jagorah ’ s turning point Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Khamenei interviewed some of the officials in the government, universities, and other merchants where they discussed the economic situation in Iran.
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
First of all, I showed myself attentive to the brothers and sisters, who were taking the lead in many parts of the country ’ s economy.
On the other hand, today ’ s conventions are a gathering that points to a conscience — a sign of the high value that this system gives to the economy in such extreme world conditions, this region, and that country.
We longed to have one day from the Ramalana ’ s day for the government ’ s economic department, the commercial department, and other banking departments to come to this area, to sit down and listen to some of its belongings and then to be dismissed in that country to ensure that this arrangement must give such importance to the economy and economic growth and then to the government in many other situations — governmental and other individuals — to work together and work in this area for reasons that I am going to address them in the future.
This, then, is the first conscience ; it is confirmed and then presented at that meeting.
This is a privilege for all ; whether they are governmental universities in the sections of economies and economic operations in all those parts of the country, so is the privilege of others today to give the same importance to the sections.
The second volume, which arranged for this convention, had the opportunity to be prepared and then tossed, as it were, to offer a public report by governmental institutions based on the real state of the country, national advancement, such procession, and reach to the ears of the people.
I don ’ t always say that there is more to be a regular participation in the type of progress that has been made ; everyone knows my point of view ; I believe that it is necessary to participate in the accomplishment of success and the participation in the campaign ; but today I feel that it is important for people in that country to understand the results of their zeal for the governmental universities and the many blessings available in that country.
I want to make it known to you ; I am alienated from men ; people have no record of such riches.
These features in your present habits relate to portions of the brochure I wrote on paper and will be prepared for personal report on the brochure God — and most often people do not have such reports.
Great acts continue to be carried out in that country — something that has been a source of pride to the nation of Iran.
It was the advancement of the Iranian nation.
We made fine progress in the needed materials, in the field of service, in the field of agriculture, in the field of engineering, in other fields of education, and so forth.
It is a good conscience for people to feel this way from higher education and not governments ; it is a conscience that contributes to the courage and happiness of others.
All of us would do well to recognize the sign that today one of the massacres of the Chinese shepherds is a massacre — a massacre that is called to be observed.
What was to be held in the palace should not have been a stumbling block, a removal of skin, and the zeal displayed there.
It must be felt that we had some progress as an example ( progressive progress ) for 40 percent, the remaining 60 percent, and there were ways and opportunities to fulfill it.
The first conscience is that we have placed the name for the following year ( about 1390 years of refuge ) ‘ Year of Archaeological Year ’
Presumptuous politicians were merely devastating the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic system in the economic field.
Though the issue of nuclear weapons is not a major factor in making economic restrictions, it is a failure ; nuclear weapons are not the basis for such restrictions.
You may recall it when they put on a huge ( first ) ban, which was the beginning of their ban on the northern part of the country, even when there was no nuclear talk in that country.
Although it is not a major restriction, it is still the most widely known with the name of the sarcasm, the sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm sarcasm
The objective of the ban was the downturn of economies ( the case of Iran ).
What a blessing it is, however, that for the past 32 years, the Iranian nation has endured the ban!
Though in recent years the restrictions have been paralyzed, the results of such progressive construction projects in that country have become unparalleled. Thirty years have passed since the ban was the beginning of the paralyzed ( that time ) for us to be paralyzed over the type of restrictions that are now being placed and operated, as they continue to promise that they will be added.
Therefore, it is necessary to be prepared — to recognize our opposers, to identify the weapons and tools they use, and to prepare palace weapons with them.
Of course, this does not require financial stability ( budget ).
Not every giant is called a giant.
It is a muscle with a number of icons called demons.
The tendency to face such intense and safeguarding efforts is part of the original harvest of milestones.
Such an eagle is known as a giant.
Economic gauge, therefore, means a steady and uncontrolled arrow in the Iranian nation with the aim of wiping out the flames of shepherding.
Another indication is that in preparation for advancement — which is a very important arrangement for feeding — we have planned an arrangement for feeding the country for the future in important areas of life in which you have prominence ; we must reach that columnist position.
Neither will Naaman the other nations sit down and look to us as the first ; neither will they be continuing their course of action, their course of action.
Though we are here, we do not use any of the methods they use, and we will never use them ; we are simply pursuing the most clean and modest course ; yet we trust that the first step can be reached only by our schedule.
As a result, this sign requires enlightenment ( armor ).
This effort must be stronger, and then there must be thought in it so that we can reach that first position.
This issue reaches the first position, not to say that we are here to reach the first position ; it is, in fact, that the army of the nations today is dependent on this sign.
If even a financial weakness, in the field of education, in the field of advancement, cannot guarantee what is needed and make progress, then it will be oppressed unkindly.
We simply do not want to be mistreated.
For the next two years, our country has suffered disease and oppression.
The injury of the unsuitable, materialistic lions of kings and the deceptive practices of the shepherds have been the cause of this cruelty.
For the first time, from 1800 onward, the Anglo-American nation reached the political centers of that country with its speech, thus drawing closer and closer to those from other European countries continued to do so for that time.
It was about 1800 years ago that the first ambassador of England entered the country where he came from India ; that is, at the time that the Indian authorities were at the hands of the British and then that the royal center was there — from that town of Bushehr when he descended from the boat, he began to offer bribery and purchase of people, and he was able to buy other people at a speed.
All these goods of the king ’ s sons, kings, and others immediately reached that man. Shepherd ’ s confusion and the outcry of their eagles came from there in that land, whereas those once unconscious kings allowed the shepherds to find freeness of speech and pressures in that land.
Well, we do not want that to continue.
The Reformation of Islamic conduct raised a large shield in front of them.
We want that large shield to grow stronger.
We should not allow them in any way to become impostors in our economic, cultural, political, or social status.
A key to the source of this domestic power is economic growth.
That is why we must remain in the first place.
It is not that it is an indication that the Iran must remain the first in that region ; it is because the army of this nation is so devastated.
Therefore, it is necessary to conduct and strive to keep a child ’ s hands clean and influential, which requires the use of all the energy and resources available in that country.
We feel that way ; then we see it from the developments that this country has experienced in the turning point of Islamism.
What took place in the mining field in that country just prior to the success of the Muslim translation would not have been allowed to happen.
The events that are now taking place in such developments as those in the country were at one time at the outset ( doubtless ) there is no one who believes that they will take place, but today we see them happen before our eyes.
I admire the results of my own scholarship dependent on the parts of the country where there is no part of the country where our youths may not be able to appear there and feed it until the field is clean.
This is an important conscience.
The type of economic stability that we have is also a vital conscience.
Sometimes I smoked the palace that compared the state of the blessings we have to the extent of our nation and of the nation of the world, they would be impressed with respect.
Most of the country ’ s population is estimated to be a major part of the globe ’ s glory, just as the country ’ s glory is estimated to be a major part of the globe ’ s glorious glory-than-quality glory-than-quality glory-than-quality glory-than-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality glory-quality
These are some of the most important phases and then are truly measuring consciences.
It is the same conscience of a lack of water that is now spoken of in that country and is thus indicated by a lack of water, but the problem can be solved by introducing appropriate educational procedures, which some of the brothers and sisters have noted in the past but also in the field.
So in reality, that country has many blessings of weaknesses.
The situation was similar in our area and in that area.
We are a place of real importance.
Our neighborhood, two oceans, and the vast vast region between the east and the west — between Asia and Europe — are an important part of that region, enabling us to explode both the west and the east.
All these treasures are good things for us.
In a present-day attitude — as outlined in this way — we have eaten a lot of the ranks during the years of preparation for advancement in the 20 years that have been organized.
It is the beginning of the fifth planned year.
Evidently, much work has been carried out in the preparation for the first few decades.
Just as the report they presented to the one whom you listened and the signal is that truly important activities have been carried out ; yet, there are still many uncontrolled activities that must be carried out.
Politics announced in the field of refinements for the use of humanitarian blessings, political advancement by this system, political advancement by its operations, and 44-day law policy were all declared to be equivalent to each other ’ s guidelines.
If we are in a position to manage these facilities according to their schedule, we can benefit from such facilities and other blessings as well.
Those political elements could bring about a sacrifice of self-sacrifice and reaffirm economic stability.
Although they have not been accomplished in the designs that have been set out in a decade-long schedule, there are many other reasons why they do not accomplish this ; such factors include the consciences inside and outside the home.
Matters such as 8 percent advancement or a reduction to a loss of employment or a budget or a reduction to the cost of products — all of which were not achieved on that occasion.
This is a conscience that requires further effort in this five-year arrangement so as to have the opportunity to fill up the background.
On the basis of what is stated in this law, we must reexamine governmental interests and governmental economic activities.
Could it have been with the objective of developing a competitive economy by introducing businessmen and investors in the economic field?
They estimate that the coins required to invest in these five decades each year amount to an estimated $ 160.9 billion ( U.S. ).
This must be realized.
In the 44th-century governing body, good works were carried out but not materially ; good directions were required to be added ; we were not merely told that we were at the center of our finances ; we were not merely told that we were at the center of our finances ; we were not merely told that we were at the side of the governing body ; we were not obligated to take action ; we were obligated to strengthen the governing body, we were obligated to provide good directions, and we were obligated to make sure that there was no misuse.
Always accompanied by good works, there are other works and bad.
My years and years have focused on the issue of royal court and economic controversies.
When I introduced this sign, the wealthy came to me and said that the wealthy arguments you frequently addressed on the topic of terrorism to the economy would frighten the merchants to enter the economy.
I said to them that the newborn ( your palace ) was a conscience that would correct their entry.
Any merchant who wants to obtain legal food and then wants to handle legal matters is approved by a law-abiding advocate if he realizes that the government will not chafe against law-abiding citizens, such a conscience is a source of encouragement to him.
We are opposed to government officials, and so are the developers of methods and methods, and so are those who abuse their opportunities : Property, material possessions, magazines, and services that support the country must be strengthened and strengthened ; hence, social and economic affairs do not necessarily constitute a legal entity that is necessary to support it.
Happily, all or most of the economic ministry and government institutions in the secular area are present.
Well, they heard well-thought-out talks ; that is, whether the parchments refer to good things that have been done or the types of decisions that have been done reflect the nature of the parchment ; I invite you to take a closer look at what you hear, then to think and study yourself.
We should not let the parade go away here.
Na`am, though, complained that the Teacher of Meekness was not at the palace for the bad things available ; why ( at our palace ) when the suggestion was presented about the duty to conduct a house meant that it was not conducted ; that suggests that some of the inconveniences and problems existing.
If all these suggestions were noted, my viewpoint would have been of practical and practical suggestions that could be studied in a self-examination.
For one thing, the issue of handling political aid is a factor that produces material things that is needed : Producing material things is the foundation for the economy ; the foundation for the economy ’ s wealth is not.
Regarding the purpose of the government ’ s contracts for daily needs and the activities that have taken place in this field, however, it is necessary to note the support that will be given to the supplies being supplied ; just as it came in the law : that is, 30 percent of the contracts set out.
Though some of the governmental institutions with whom we spoke, they were convinced that there was no need for that 30 percent of the night.
In some respects, it was a poisonous locust, but it was only a locust that needed support from government centers.
They may be infected directly or by some other means by this restriction, so we must benefit from it.
However, the smallest part of the market also has some weight in its neck in the smallest part : ( smallest part ) of the clay in the use of weapons, increasing efficiency in the use and refining the engine available.
Some of the government ’ s institutions complained to me that some of the companies did nothing to be seen in making new engineers that they had already grown old and used weapons effectively ; they would not be able to use them if they were given a mark ( which was being given by the government ).
So this sign must be noticed.
While setting a government eye in this area is also an important conscience ; that is, on the side of the government-given aid is a must and a must.
Give the type of contracts that were to be given ; then, but keep in mind the types of stocks that I used to illustrate — the misuse of the rights given to them — as if they were not used by an advertising tool, which is happening, and we have information based on the report.
This conscience must be faced with all boldness so that sincere and willing workers of truth will be able to manage their work.
The next is the matter of importing supplies ; the same item is used here and then several times is discussed with the universities on this subject of import.
No one opposes the entrance of items ; however, the entrance conditions must be organized, and the items must be set aside for themselves.
The prospect so that we do not let a certain time come — as an example the days near the festivals and the loss of a product in the market — is not a major reason for us to adjust the standard of items we bring.
It takes careful consideration for the things produced in the home.
Although it is stated that the entrance and transportation of goods would be helpful to the maintenance of goods in the home ; if they were not imported from outside, the builders would not give priority to the beauty and cost of goods ; that is, the entrance and transportation of goods from outside would force them to do so.
But I don ’ t think that is a valid reason.
In my view, the import of fields from outside was a matter of conscience that required solid reasons above and what one today sees before approved.
In the fields of agriculture, we had good things to do.
Some of the teachers presented a report on the value of a cultivated garden ( vegetable trees ).
Our limitations on this part are part of the future parts of the earth.
We must add more of the things we are making.
Let us exert ourselves in the fields and gardens so that the world will see what is available in Iran ; it is not simply that we bring such supplies from Latin America as an example here and there are items that are not the same as those we have here.
The next issue is the issue of expanding supplies.
Government security is a burden on my part to help the suppliers.
Happily — as many of the brothers and sisters expressed in this way — the growth and prosperity of our products without oil ; the future will be even more prosperous ; in the future we have the hope of making the needed advancement by how the standard of our supplies and supplies will prove to be beneficial.
We should have reached a position that we can be rich and secure with access to the oil.
One of the greatest disasters facing our economy and all of that future country ’ s wealth is the reliance and rapid supply of oil.
In the years that followed, even though at the time the government ’ s institutions failed to accept this, we were obliged to reach a position that if one day because of our political conscience and the world ’ s economic situation, we might decide to stop selling our oil as an example for 15 days or a month, we can do so.
See what will happen on earth.
Today, we are unable to do so simply because we need these clothes.
Whenever the economy of that country is flooded by the highest supply of oil, the nation of Iran and the Islamic Republic in Iran will have some similar stability in the way their influence will be truly powerful on the earth.
It is a conscience that needs support and support ; it is a conscience that needs support and support.
In fact, most of the supplies we have been able to transport to those countries are so much so that we find accounts of the disastrous acts performed by some of the suppliers : Delivering unnecessary supplies, Delivering unnecessary supplies, Delivering unnecessary supplies, Delivering unnecessary supplies, Delivering unnecessary supplies, All these things are dangerous.
For some 50 years, there have been companies around the world who have produced and sold goods to buyers and continue to have their approval.
As an example, a German or Swiss company has been producing and selling products for some 50 years and has now had customers in our country as well as in other countries.
Why?
Delegates must consider these valuable things.
This is a conscience that requires some culture ; it is customary and improved to work in the materials produced for domestic and external use.
The issue of palace and economic terrorism is also a serious conscience.
If that corrupt man did not find any corrupt man in a government to help him, he would have no chance to compromise the economy.
Hence, governmental institutions have a burden on their necks in preventing the contact of economic institutions in government centers.
As an example when you realize that a disease has come to the head of a yoke, there is no mercy and compassion for you to show ( a removal of the yoke infected with this disease ) ; because you know that if you do not have to give up, the infection that will occur will not be limited to thousands of yokes ; it is a conscience that will collapse, so you have to act decisively.
So it is with the economic situation.
If even somewhere in the government centers you heard or saw a sign of economic stability — here I was speaking to government institutions — you should not give up.
Economic illness is one of the most risky and rapidly approaching diseases ; hence, it is necessary to be carefully observed.
Foremost among the necessary things is the full program of feeding the measure of a measure of flour rain ; which in this 44th policy we have paralleled with this guilty conscience of a measure of flour rain.
We had the need for a complete political party on the part of the bulwark.
Just as one brother made an illustration that suggests that a debt of the bank could be used, so it can be achieved under the shadow of the emblems ; that is, the best way to accomplish this is by the emblems ; that is, by the orders and regulations of the emblems.
The following is that we give priority to the issue of exposure to the possibility of investing in the marketplace.
In other words, the merchants must recognize where there is an opportunity to pour out gifts of merchandise, and everyone must be informed not merely to buy their possessions.
Those who have news may misuse it.
Details must be available to everyone and everyone.
All of this had to be revealed in public, even though in the preceding governments the same was presented in that same government, with much work being done except by material advantages.
More zeal is needed in this regard.
There were some of the things I had written, but as the time had drawn near, I would break them up.
I hope that this system of things will produce a better conscience in which people who love this country, this nation, the Islamic Republic, and the weapons of this nation will be more zealous, more prudent, and more reasonable in their activities.
That was the ‘ multiplying of zeal and hard work ’ that we presented last year must be seen along with the effort to strengthen the economy.
We hope that everyone will be more zealous.
The weapons of that land were fine tenants. The weapons of the strength and blessings that had been abundant.
Among them were fine hearts, faith, zeal, and strength in that land.
This land alone has a far greater chance to be called by the name of the second glorious weakness in the world.
The length of our history, the inheritance of our traditions, the human strength, and the blessings of failure are all of these treasures that embrace us.
Shimfida : What follows is the interpretation of the talk by Jagoran the Muslim Translation Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Khamene 'i on March 21, 2011, during his interview with tens of thousands of people at the city of Mashhad on the first day of the new year of 1390 refuge :
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
All thanks is to God. Survival and God ’ s loyalty are to our leader and to our prophet Abul Kasim al-Mustafa Muhammad along with his holy Allies and the well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared, well-prepared!
I thank God, the eternal King, for giving me the length of life and the ability to grasp the role that this rewarding place plays in it ; that is, to be at the great hailstorm, Imam Ali bn Moses al-Ridha ( our vows to be a ransom for him and then God ’ s faithfulness to him ) on the first day of the year.
I am satisfied with the joyful celebration of the Norouz festival and with the entrance of the new year for all the older brothers and sisters gathered there and for the very great crowd ; was it in this courtyard or in the outer courtyard of the older brothers and sisters who were listening to that talk?
For example, this assembly was an example of the Iranian nation. On that day, the great tribe of our northern ten-tribe kingdom had all gathered together at the hubbare of Abul Hasan al-Ridha ( God ’ s confidence in him ) and in receiving blessings in that area.
There were also brothers and sisters in the town of Mashhad who lived there.
I greeted everyone, everyone, and everyone.
For all of us in Iran and other Muslims in other lands who honor this festival is another honorable opportunity to use and use it on the Islamic part of the festival.
The Islamic concept is : to put forth effort to benefit from every opportunity, no matter what circumstances of life, to obtain human perfection, for worldly advancement and prosperity.
Let us make known to ourselves the mighty objectives of Islam.
In these valuable days, it is another opportunity to be used to deliver peace, to return to the God of the eternal King, to listen to good words from others, and to assemble at religious places.
The real sign is that during the decades, especially when the Islamic State ( in Iran ) was established, our native nation used the Norouz festival to seek closer to the Sovereign Lord.
Evidence of this is that by looking at the precise date of the coming of the new year, you will find that more people are gathered in places of worship, hubs, tourists, and fishermen engaging in prayer and God ’ s mention.
Significantly, the nation of Iran was striving to use this symbol and to promote religious festivals.
We do well to imitate this example in all our consciences, and then we do well to use the festival of Norouz to enhance our knowledge, spiritual food, the conviction of Muslim authorities, and the fine conduct of Muslims.
I hope that Almighty God will grant all of us, all of the Chinese, an opportunity to share in this work.
Today, during the time that Almighty God has raised, I will focus on three other topics.
The first, in line with what took place in 1389 C.E. and in line with what took place in 1389 C.E., was the reaction of the Iranian nation and other forms of governmental institutions, and the second, in line with what took place today ; in line with its consideration and the name given to that year — the ‘ Year of Archaeological Development ’ and the appropriate measures to take place during that year.
The third issue has to do with what is happening in that area ; the east-century consciences, the events in North Africa, and the events in the Islamic region, according to the efforts of the Muslim nation ’ s shepherds to mislead the reality of the event.
Regarding the first issue, I can say that the name given to the year 1389 — ‘ The Year of Writing Zeal and Writing ’ — must have been observed for a period of years, and then our nation on the latter part revealed their genuine zeal and recordings.
Though the results of this great zeal and work can be seen and understood in the future ; yet, in such first-century observations as well as in the activities of the universities in the country and in human activity along with the help of their universities and in public exposition, the sign of zeal and of the work of the potter can be seen.
Surely this can be seen in many branches.
First, let us focus on knowledge and experience.
At the beginning of the year 1389-day festivals, I was able to make several visits from the highest-ranking industries of the country ; then, at the end of Esfand ( Shamsianic Translation ), I was able to make further visits on a college of education and technology where my eyes saw the results of this one-year assignment.
The advancement in the field of education and technology today in such a distant country is not far greater than what is being announced to others that it has been accomplished ; I can surely be kind to tell you about it.
Since the years that followed, this vast global educational program has been launched, which is a source of joy that continues to flourish every day.
On one occasion, I smoked a well-watered water that was taken from a Ma'asumi ( God ’ s confidence was convinced of him ) that it was : ‘ Ilimi is a kingdom, ’ that is, knowledge and knowledge of the conscience that would provide power for another nation and man.
Knowledge and technology, however, have a similar image.
Today, the country ’ s initiative in the field of enlightenment and enlightenment is especially seen in the new phase of conscience.
Archaeological fields ; astrological fields ; astrological fields ; astrological fields ; astrological fields ; astrological fields ; astrological fields ; astrological fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields ; laboratory fields
Just as I participated in the Festival of Nurouz last night that the world ’ s archaeological centers have revealed geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geographical geography.
There are two to three key subjects involved in this advanced educational and intellectual conscience that I think I would do well to explain.
The first point is that most of the experts in this field are young people.
The age of those scholars is from 35 to 30 — the youngest of them — who must be trusted in the wealth of the younger ones.
The next point is that the men who are conducting these great acts are men with a powerful spirit — men who put their trust in themselves ; that is, the greatest prince.
The original armor was the armor of humans, which is what the land had.
Our youths continue to conduct this work with vigor and then acknowledge that all the riches are a basis for the advancement of this country ’ s conscience that they can carry out.
A key point in the sign of the advancement of knowledge is that the enlightenment of the enlightenment, the enlightenment of the enlightenment, the enlightenment of the needed knowledge, and the sale of it — a vital conscience that is now being built up.
That is, education was gradually processed to be transferred to a technology, the material needs were gradually processed, and the material needs were transferred to the world ’ s marketplaces, which would result in the growth of this wealthy wealth.
This turns the course of education to material possessions to failure and to satisfy the needs of others.
It is good for a large nation of people to know that all economic experts — whether their economic barriers are equal to those of a prosperous government or whether their economic viewpoints are accustomed to the governments — are trustworthy that the purpose of the government ’ s offerings is a conscience that is necessary and beneficial.
Enrolling in this field was a truly challenging task ; then the edges of the edge had not been refined.
Nowadays, this work has just begun.
And the self-sacrificing sacrifice between governments and nations in this work is indeed a fine sacrifice.
The influence of people in that field was gradually evident ; yet, its influence had even begun to be evident in the present.
An important objective of this work, though, in the first step, is to distribute governmental interests among people in a righteous way.
This was one of the greatest steps taken toward the vindication of ever-increasing righteousness.
Another objective of paralyzing is to administer frail blessings ( properly ) inside and with water and weapons.
For the past two years, we have placed the name for the year as the “ Year of Adjustment to the Use of Lasting Blessings ” and the harvest, the harvest, the harvest, and the harvest.
These are just some of the ways in which we can correct the way we use the blessings of failure to the fullest extent possible ; the influence has now been seen.
Among the six months that have been anointed, this provision has been prepared to produce the type of contract that the government gives, to the extent that the use of weapons has become very short-lived ; which is a conscience that will benefit the country.
The methods of prodigalism and prediation and the abortion and the abortion of wheat — which is the greatest fertility of the Lord and then produced through hardships — are so limited that there is balance in the way it is used.
These are just some of the benefits that have been obtained, and with God ’ s approval in the future, the benefits can be very clearly seen.
Similarly, one of the practices that highlight zeal in the economic field is the addition of goods being extracted, not oil.
Sadly, for countless thousands of years, it is not enough for us to rely on oil.
This, in turn, is something that all envious economists ignore — a common practice in this weakness, in the process of cultivating and selling oil, and in the process of continuing to operate the weaknesses that have been obtained ; it is a faulty way.
Thro the past year, one of my best interests was to have a day when we could operate the land without selling the oil if needed.
Certainly, it is not an easy task but a hard work.
To pay more than oil is a conscience that draws us closer to the purpose we have.
Great deeds were set out in that field in 1389.
Similarly, among the facts that testify to the sign of zeal and hard work in the economic field are the wisdom of governments imposing restrictions on the western part of the U.S. government and the obedience of other European governments upon Iran.
From the beginning of the year 1389 onward, they thought of increasing the restrictions they had imposed upon Iran.
They and themselves in their list of accounts — which reaches us personally — assume that for five to six months this prohibition will crush the Islamic Republic and the nation of Iran ; that is their prospect.
They reasoned that by means of this restriction they would put their conscience upon them to preserve true suffering for the Iranians and to push the Iranians out of their own way to express their disapproval of the Islamic Republic ; that was their objective.
A discreet task in the palace with this restriction was carried out in such a way that the flame of the shepherd was dried away.
Medes quickly accomplished their purpose by means of the bribes.
Today, they themselves, people in the western part of the country, say that imposing restrictions on the Iran is of no value at all.
One of the hardships of our long-term work is this ; we are dried off as oil suppliers but come with oil suppliers from the outside.
So they claimed that this was part of the Islamic Republic ’ s wound, so we would not let it be imported with oil.
The consequences of the ban on our universities have come to mind ; they have done their best, and then we have gone without the need for importing oil.
This was the conscience that I heard from the mouths of the experienced youths during my visit to the Coliseum that was conducted in the fall of Esfand.
They told me that we wanted to build this machine, that we went out to find it, and then they told us that you were under a restriction ; then we realized that it must be done on our own.
We returned home, thought about it, suffered hardships, and worked to the point that we built this machine without confidence in foreigners.
A government report estimates that in 1389, more than six million workers were produced ; if so, then more than five thousand additional workers were produced according to estimated growth.
In the rural areas, in the construction of houses in the cities, in the construction of highways, in the construction of highways, in the construction of highways, in the construction of modern transportation, and so forth — all of this material is a work of the foundation and construction of good works.
That is in the economic sense.
In other parts too, much work has been accomplished, since only when we have it is limited to our limitations.
A key to the attitude that he revealed to us in 1389 is that the yeartext for this year and all the meaning of the word is a year marked by zeal and hard work.
Though the year 1389 did not have any parallel iceberg ; that year was about ten years ( about ten years ), then it was a year of enthusiasm and hard work.
The Iranians as well as all governmental institutions, or officials, must be zealous and hardworking to record their duties in order to reach a suitable place for the Iranians to insist on God.
Well, from a scholar ’ s point of view, the economic situation was of far greater importance at that time.
If our large country succeeds in turmoil on the economic scale, then that formidable turmoil will unfold in the future and will undoubtedly have no influence in that country, its advancement, and the vindication of the Iranite nation.
What is significant in this regard is that we have progressed toward the standard set out in the five-year progress plan ; that is, toward at least eight percent.
A big business can have a profound effect on the amount of energy we have on the proper use of the energy we have in the face of weaknesses.
During the past two years, at such a talk of the new year, I have discussed the problem of covetousness and the problems involved in the use of human frailties.
People must understand these things.
I call the local universities to inform people of the obligation to promote the economy ; to explain to them the importance of increasing the economy in that country and lessening the tensions among mankind.
That news was simply not something we wanted ; it was not accepted by Islam.
They had to do all they could and work hard to accomplish what was outlined in this five-year-long progressive provision.
Reduced unemployment rates and increased employment rates in that country are among the most important and basic consciences.
Similarly, advertisements that merchants empty out and with the help of electronic gadgets in order to have the opportunity to empty out on the economic scales are also among the most important and basic issues ; one of the most important tasks in this section is the manufacting of electronic gadgets by means of clay can be produced in large numbers with the establishment of large companies.
The basis for laws had to be built up.
That, in turn, means supporting the advancement of activities.
Similarly, a small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion of the small portion.
See what would happen if, in God ’ s favor, the government had the opportunity to repair the water supply if, to the extent, ten percent of the floodwaters were reduced.
Depending on the parts of the field work, all the parchments of the parchments of the parchments of the household, the parchments of the engineers and other parchments that require only ten percent of the curtain waters we use in those parchments.
In reality, the benefits that come from water on a part outside the field would be twice recorded ; that is a large and important conscience.
Directly entering people into the economic consciences is a conscience that becomes necessary.
Well, if we were to revive this immense economic system of things in that country in the year 1390, there would be a number of factors that were necessary to revive.
I will introduce a list of the things that are needed.
First, the spirit of the giant ( law ) is necessary.
From the outset of the success of the Muslim translation to this day, our nation, wherever it enters the field and the spirit of the giant, continues ; we see this during the wartime, we see it in the construction of the giant, and we see it in the educational field.
If we have so long been able to have a spiritistic spirit on the valleys ; that is, working out for God and working out a potter ’ s hand and not merely as a burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden-burden.
The second is the encouragement of food that enhances the spirit, the faith, and religious jealousy in the nation.
Everyone needs to know this ; putting religious jealousy in its own hands and among youths can help a nation in its world-related consciences.
It should not be expected that the influence of religious jealousy in the hearts of youths would appear only during the festivals in the autumn or during the communion night during the Dua Kumail.
If the youths of a certain nation become religious envy, then they will abstain from fornication ; they will abstain from alcohol abuse ; they will abstain from the bad practices that young people practice.
In the secular field, the mark is similar.
The muscle of a religious conspiracy is a conscience that encroaches on extreme dances.
See, too, that at the most frequent time there is an original conscience in this country — one that everyone must give with zeal and contention ; one that must be of special importance.
It would be just a flight vessel with a traveling man who wanted to reach a special location when a small object appeared to interfere with it in the middle of a motorcycle and then left it on the road and sometimes even stopped it.
Consequently, there was no need to be a back-of-date conscience in the field.
One common factor is the preservation of sacrifice and the failure of mutual understanding.
The same sacrifice today exists between people and between people and governmental institutions ( that is ) people who love their universities, accept them, support them, and spend time with them, and then there is greater confidence and mutual understanding among themselves as individuals, and it is necessary ( in this situation ) to continue to exist and then to be encouraged each day.
One of the chief shepherds of the Iranian nation was the generosity of divisions and newcomers in the home ; they were foremost in racial issues, political issues, social issues, and social issues.
Happily, our nation was awake.
All those who love the country, who love the democratic system of religion and which is a source of pride to the Iran-speaking nation, must recognize one another.
The same should be true of governmental institutions ; they must strive to see that even if any youth exists among them — even if it may at times have seemed to be genuine — it would not be revealed to people ; it would be a serious sacrifice of failure.
I have to look at the highest level of governmental authority in the world.
The most important part of the world ’ s problem is solving it by means of communication ; the smallest part of our conscience is not.
There is no doubt that I can remind myself of this sign again ; at times, this name we have given only a few decades until you see the walls of the city of Tehran and other towns filled with such inscriptions — the signature.
This is futile.
At times, even on the thunderstorm, what is the obligation?
What I wanted to see in public and in government agencies was to listen to the elder, to acknowledge him, and to work hard to see that he had been trusted.
There is no need to conduct a series of acts that will be executed on a massive scale.
Of course, giving priority to both economic and social issues does not mean neglecting the remaining aspects.
In other fields of art, especially in the field of education and technology, younger scholars need to be helped to be accepted in order to have the opportunity to perform larger tasks.
It depends, however, on the consciences that are taking place in that region, such as the Egyptian consciences, Tunisians, Liberia, and the Mediterranean-Language region.
A dramatic change is taking place in this Muslim region with the Arabs ; it is a sign of an unprecedented Muslim awakening.
This conscience, which has been a widow in the Islamic Republic of Iran for the past two years, is seen today as an expression of itself in a foreign life.
These are two basic factors.
Persistence ; that is the same situation that occurred during the reversal of the Islamic culture of Iran.
Plagues, plumbers, and cabinets sitting on top of the tables, as well as in large houses and locusts, were unable to do everything.
One of the greatest features of our Imminus is the opportunity to bring people into the field.
So today the same conscience is commonplace in the region.
In Egypt or Tunossae, people came to the field themselves ; otherwise, it would not have always been common for scholars and residents in large houses to speak ; at times, they also came to be commonly called people, and no one was very concerned about the designs in the fields.
There they themselves came into the field and then came into the ark for their religious purpose.
Those gatherings were the social sallar, the social sallar, the divine name, the religious teachers, the religious emissaries, and the explanators of the religious context.
This is the image with which the sign is embroiled.
So why did they go out?
In Egypt, in Tunistia, likewise in other lands, these wealthy kings and cruel rulers have abused people and their personality.
As an example, the Egyptians felt that their leader, to pay for the unclean nation of Israel, was doing the worst of all.
If Hosni Mubarak had not stuck with the unclean nation of Israel in the desolation of Gaza, the Israelites would not have been able to do the same sickness to the people of Gaza.
But Hosni Mubarak came into the field and helped to lock the way in and out of Egypt.
When he learned that the people of Gaza were walking under a chain through a ram ( in order to get the necessary supplies ) to prevent it, he built a wall of 30 meters ( 30 m ) high and carried it into a chain to cover the road to the mines.
That is exactly what Hosni Mubarak did.
Similar feelings can be seen even in some rural areas.
As an example in the province of Libya, although during the first night dreams of his kingship, Gadafi displayed a measure of electricity and safeguard for the west, in recent years he has served as a missionary for the west.
( The Libians ) and their eyes saw that from the roots of a threat, he had gathered all the carvings and nuclear equipment, put them onto the boat, and sent the western people to take them away!
See the position that our nation holds, and then they ( the above ) are in a certain position.
But our local universities were not merely withdrawaled, so to speak only about what the shepherds wanted each year but also about what the plans were under way.
Such consumerishment can be seen in any of the world ’ s inhabitants.
That is what matters to us personally.
After these tragedies occurred, as they did not understand the sign of strangers, they did not get to know people, so they acted decisively.
Though the things that were now seen from the United States depending on the wealth of the nations and other nationalities, they proved to be the support of political powers. Hosni Mubarak remained vigilant to the end ; then, when they saw that they were no longer able to do so, they abandoned him.
In fact, it is a lesson for trusting leaders in the United States to realize that from the time when their benefits are secure and they are of no value ( a ) they will quickly throw them into the midst of a worthless bird and will never be concerned about them.
What happened to the western part of the United States as well as to the western part of the United States was surely something they would never agree with.
Egypt was largely part of the central U.S. political foundation ; they surely relied on that political foundation.
But they hastened to safeguard this foundation so that it could continue to benefit them.
One who if people were to stay awake, would be able to remove this harlot and corrupt their harlot.
The Americans tried to see that if they had lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunossae, then they could try to break their own political system.
With God ’ s approval and then with his power, the United States would continue to share in that region.
After losing their people in those countries, they placed before them two other things they wanted to accomplish : the first is waiting for expectations and the second is trying to produce similar markings in other areas.
They had just played a part in this work.
The second is to illustrate this. The objective and likeness of this illustration is to produce similar events in Egypt, Tunistia, and Libya in some foreign lands.
The original hypocrisy was that of their actions — the confession of man ’ s responsibilities.
It is not surprising, then, that even the majority of the nations recognize that the U.S. president sent a statement to the Iranian nation, saying that we are now supporters of you! They confess that they are now opposing the dictatorships and are with the officials of the nations ; but they do not.
They were not merely dissatisfied with other nations ; nor were they merely dissatisfied with their nations.
The current president of the United States has used billions of dollars in the same deplorable economic situation that the United States is struggling to restore bank stability ; it is to raise arms industries to sustain oil industries ; that is, to sustain industries.
He tires people for preserving companies, paying bills for companies, paying debts for bank accounts ; hence, they do not sympathize with even their nations.
Today, the U.S. nation is in economic straits, and there is no way out.
Following prison homes and torture stations, such as Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, Iraki, and other prisoners who have tortured and tortured the victims.
People misunderstood these things and misunderstood them.
Did the former president of the United States know where he was?
Is he really familiar with people outside the field who are turning his politics, or does he not understand and forgive?
He acknowledged that the people on the Internet sites of Tehran Azadi were the only people on the Internet sites of Egypt.
Yes, for every year on the 22nd of the Bahman month, the people gathered on this Web site were the “ God Causes to Condemn the U.S.A. ”
Depending on the consciences that are taking place in that area, the position of the Islamic Republic of Iran is only public.
Our place is the support of the nations and their responsibilities.
This is the role of the Islamic Republic ; this is the outstanding role of the Islamic Republic.
Our politics is that our minds are riches, wisdom, and material possessions, whether through people or through governmental institutions.
Here are two areas to be observed : the first is Libiya, the second is the Bahrain.
Regarding the state of Libya, we laughed at God ’ s view of people, the massacre of the Libyan government, the massacre of civilians, and the massacre of civilians ; whereas the U.S. invasion, the U.S. peninsula, and other western parts, we laughed at God ’ s view.
They claimed that we had come to Libya to protect people or to take military attacks, but that was not acceptable.
If they were to the extent supporters of the Libyan nation, if they were to the extent that their hearts were steadfast because of the conduct of the people in Libya, then the practice of bombing the native Libyan nation was undergoing for one month.
If you would like to help them, give them weapons, equip them with equipment, and equip them with airplanes.
Instead, for a month you sat down watching the massacre ; then you would come in ; and you would not come in for a dog ; you would love oil from Libya, and you would like to confirm your position in Libya.
You want to find a place where you should set your shoulders and use it to cleanse the future turning governments in Egypt and Tunziah, and you are constantly looking at them.
Your resolve is discontent.
She herself, the United Nations, should have become a minister to the nations, a place of concealment and a weapon at the hands of those men ; everything they want comes to them.
This, of course, is embarrassing to the United Nations.
So the stability of the international army and the stability of the western part of the country were not acceptable.
If you still want to help the native Libya, then there is a way to help them ; you can help people, encourage them, and encourage them as citizens to solve the problem between them and Gaddafi themselves ; why have you come in?
Their primary requirement is that each individual should have one cubit ; is that a major requirement?
Could it be that the fertilizer ’ s function in the Bahrew country was being carried out unless in many later circumstances people had no duties for the deduction and the type of deduction known for them had no such condition ; they were being mistreated.
Well, then, the western part of the country will use this opportunity to get involved in the consciences of this region by introducing something new — the symbols of Shi'a and Namna.
The Hebrews were compassionate descendants of Shiʹa, so no one had the responsibility to support them.
Television stations broadcast what was happening in that area, but it seemed that they kept silent on the Bahrew mark, not on the scene of the bloodshed of the Bahrew people.
Eventually, some individuals from the provinces of the Persian Sea were politically drawn or came to the public edition, stating that the Bahrain was the conscience of Shi'a and Sunna!
It is an act of disapproval and cruelty for a nation ; just as in Tunistia, as in Egypt, as in Libya, so it is in Yemen ; there is no difference.
The Americans were thrilled that they had succeeded in calling this conscience as a sabbath between Shi'a and Sunna by means of their media and propaganda methods.
They argue that for some reason the Irans were actively supporting the Bahrews.
We simply supported them all.
Thirty-two years have passed since we have supported the Palestine nation ; is it a failure, then, that it is a government that has been supported by a nation like that supported by Iran for the past 32 years?
Did the people of Palestine belong to Shiah?
Our young people went to the airport to get the way to Gaza!
They were willing to go to Gaza and fight against Israel.
We urged them not to go.
Our people have revealed their support to the people of Gaza, to Palestine, and to Egypt, and to Tunossae ; and they are not descendants of Shiʹa.
Thus, the mark was not in the case of Shiôa or of Sonna.
Proclaimers try to reveal the case of the Bahrain as a conscience of Shi'a and Sunna.
Sadly, though, some individuals may seem to have no wrong motive to succumb to their snare.
If there is still the prospect of kindness in the emblems, I am telling them that : The emblems are not Shiʹa and Sunna ; that is a great act of service to the United States ; that is a great act of service to the shepherds of the nation of Iran merely revealing the immense ambition of an ethnic nation as a treachery of the Sunna and Shiʹa ; there is no confusion between Shiʹa and Sunna.
There is no distinction between Gaza, Palestine, Tunistia, Libya, Egypt, the Mediterranean, and the Mediterranean.
Any ethnic alliances with the mushroomlike Muslims and the proselytism are something we can take to support.
The majority of American foolishness is that they do not see the invasion of the Bahrain and the Saodicean army as part of the country ’ s affairs ; whereas when our marauding, our loving-kind teachers say that you should not kill people, they say that you are speaking right here.
Is it a failing to get involved in the house-to-house affairs?
The pronouncement of a government, an oppressive arrangement for your people to be killed, was a sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp sharp hail.
The Americans alone had tens of thousands of miles away from that area.
Anyone who has engaged in such a work must have made a mistake.
What I publicly admitted was that on the basis of God ’ s approval a new covenant had reached that region.
As God had promised, this effort was certain to fail.
The ancient nation of Iran was once of all eternity, a cause of pride, and they were happy that they were the victims of the rebellion and that they kept standing firm.
The youths who came simply did not see this reversal ; but if they were not even heavenly with the youths at that time, they would not be short-lived.
Throw your loving-kindness upon this great nation.
Each day, continue to dignify those who serve this nation as well as the Muslims and Muslims.
O Sovereign Lord God! Have the pure heart of Waliyul Asr accepted and rejoiced with us.
So that you may have the approval of the spirit of the mountains and the approval of our great Faithful One, that you may have put us in the shadow of the glory and mercy that you gave them.
Septuagint : On Sunday, August 7, 2011, corresponding to Ramulan 6, 1432, the Islamic reformist Ayatullah Sayyid Ali Khamenei interviewed the principal institutions of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
In the Name of a God of Mercy and Mercy
Survival and God ’ s righteousness depend on our Leader and prophet Abul Kasim Muhammad along with his holy Alay, especially on Bakiyatullah (Imam Mahdi ).
I look forward to the prestigious brothers and sisters, the hardworking governmental institutions, and the nation ’ s jealousy ; I entreat the eternal King who appointed this glorious one to be a blessing to you.
We thank God, the eternal King, for giving us the opportunity one year to be present and to arrange for this loving and loving meeting to discourage the vital consciences of this land and listen to the words and then to participate in other activities.
The first part is a reminder that in the first instance I am now a servant of the slave who needs and cares for most of her, which we hope to have the blessing of this magnificent Ramalana ; the second part involves the consciences involved in that country in the later instances.
The last part of that section, which if at God ’ s due time exists, depends on what is happening in our neighborhood and what is happening in that area.
Dr. Hajj Mirza Jawed Agha Malaiki Tabrizi — then known as the Master ’ s scholar and the professor of philosophy — in his book ‘ Al-Murakabat' was acknowledging : fasting is another gift of Jehovah that the Most High God gives to his servants and to the poor.
What is in the field is this : A fasting is not a shoulder but a measure of honor that requires thanksgiving for it ; a fasting requirement that is one of Jehovah ’ s measure of honor to his servants is one thing that requires thanksgiving ; it requires thanksgiving.
Among these or more important things, as he himself recommends that the one who is superior to any other icons is that hunger and thirst put in the heart of a person some kind of light and thirst, thus cleaning the heart of a person ’ s mind and thus wiping out the pattern of thinking that ( exactly as he had come in the hypocrisy ) ‘ an hour ’ s ‘ hour ’ is better than a year ’ s godly devotion(1)'.
This thought is part of the weight of the thoughts that come back to the badness and spirit and to the heart of a person who reveals the truth and then turns the door to wisdom.
The age ( mutum ) is the primary age of each individual.
All the good things are obtained through this lifetime — the hour of day-to-day life — the prospect of receiving everlasting life and the prospect of receiving the Paradise for man.
So let us reflect on this life-style and the way the years go by.
We must always feel as the hours of our life and the day and night go about.
We keep in mind the way life moves ; it is ‘ a sharp snow that is dissolved in the heat of the sun. ’
Gradually, this spring walks about, and for a certainty this bridge is all things to us, all things to us in order to obtain a golden hour.
How do we use it, where do we use it, and in any other way?
The thought of death, the journey from this world, the time of the expulsion of man ’ s spirit, and the interview with the angel of death must have been a period of time for each one of us ; “ Every life is at stake with death at stake! ”
What will be our situation at that time?
Another aspect of my thinking was that prayer.
The contents of the prayers found at Ahlulbaiti ( a.s ) are astounding facts : In this book of the Messianic Kingdom, it is stated : In fact, neither the facts nor the facts found in the prayers received from Maʹasumai ( God ’ s confidence belongs to them ), whether a large portion of their cattle came in drugs derived from Maʹasumai ( God ’ s confidence belongs to them ).
So these riches are of great importance.
To the people hearing and then to reminders to those who did not hear : It is the twenty-third prayer of the book of Sahifat al-Sajjadiya, the most famous prayer of the Schoolim al-Akhlak.
The very beginning of this prayer is : “ As for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me, as for me. ”
What does it mean to dress and groom for me as fine slaves and God-fearing ones?
Dress me in the form of God-fearing garments ( garments ) in other things : those of my firstborn are “ proof of righteousness and righteousness. ” We have the opportunity to prove righteousness within the nation ; judicial righteousness, righteousness, and the significance of sharing the blessings of failure among the nations, righteousness, and the significance of sharing the freedom of work and the benefits and fights among mankind.
The fear of God that is hoped for to be seen from us is at the root of that fear of God.
At times, a person may be found to be an ordinary person ( although he does not have a public burden on his neck ), a provoked anger involves a religious officer, or a family member or a family member or a family member or a family member or a family member member of the workplace — a sacrifice of wrath is a truly good conscience. Also, a wrath offering, a forgiving sacrifice, or a transgressor may at times be at a university, and you have a position of authority ; your efforts to prove and expel you and your actions are influenced by people ; so in such circumstances your anger is not the wrath of someone who has a social burden on his part.
When you become angry with a man or a member of the congregation and with a palace of other words, the influence of your anger and the indignation of a man who has no such burden on his neck and who has not been able to strike another man is rare.
A sacrifice of anger ; then, let us do nothing out of anger.
Forgive us our sins and our restraint in our dealings...(4)".
The fire of hatred would be destroyed.
All efforts must be made to wipe out the fire.
The reason he put it is that we constantly spend time with fellow believers, with governmental institutions, with speakers, with people who are speaking abusively in the country, or with the other part of the country in order to take care of the subjects and addresses in this regard.
Sometimes we do not say that it will not wipe out the fire, but it will wipe out the fire with extra energy.
The people in the middle of the road should strive to be adequately qualified to find their proper place. We should not allow our actions, conduct, and speech to become so destructive that the people in the middle of the road would not believe in this way.
We should not separate people who have a half of the code from him.
With peace among people, if there is still something new among people, then we try to settle matters.
When an enrollment is carried out by a university, try to explain it.
In this regard, we have talked a number of times.
It is a part of that prayer — a number of topics from twenty to three hundred to six hundred — but at present I have spoken the twilight.
Let us pray for God, the eternal King, who will make us dressed in weakness.
These are just some aspects of godly fear.
That was the first part I wanted to talk about.
The second section is a closer look at the situation in that country.
The report, which has been presented by the highest chainman of humanity, is a noteworthy report that covers a number of important issues that are plainly presented in the report, even though such information could have reached everyone ’ s ears to discern the pressures, difficulties, and services that have been performed.
So I am going to explain it only through a particular aspect of the situation in the country, which is a vital conscience for us.
Why was it so important?
First of all, an understanding of the situation in which and where we arrived, in what way should we pursue a truly important conscience, always an important conscience ; then today it is so important that it can be said that the consequences of the situation in the world are equally significant.
At first, the situation in that territory was a very unpleasant situation.
The form of Islamic rebellion and the remarkable events taking place in that region is an invisible conscience from the beginning of the success of the Muslim translation down to this day ; great things have been carried out, and a truly remarkable conscience has taken place.
In the case of a nation like that of Egypt, an Egyptian nation committed such a great tribulation, shattered a government, and then led a Muslim-like tribulation, becoming a threat to the lawless, sincere Jewish governments depending on the circumstances in that region, all these belongings were of little value to him ; they were indeed a truly great conscience.
Well, in such a situation, we find ourselves in a conscience that is organizing an amazing situation with a view to the Islamic Republic.
The economic pressures that arrogant governments of the western part of the world have caused the pressures of a truly lofty conscience ; then a sense of conscience that will not be passed on automatically.
Such treasures that you feel in the western part of the country are dependent on the economic situation in the United States and other Western parts and on the outward appearance of their concerns and weapons are part of the sign ; they are not all in the field.
Political and mental-regulating centers, the world ’ s advertising system, and most often the media are at their disposal — surely they do not want to see the world ’ s nations come to understand the real problem, since the sides of the issue are far superior to what they are facing.
If, right from the end of the word, there was a time for me to shed more light on the sign of the anointing of God.
Among the foregoing is the type of crossroads, such as crossroads, and terrorist acts in Western Europe ; such as the Nazi nazis and the U.S. nazis are the foregoing organizers of the U.S. government ; in public they promote international views.
Later, he attacked two Muslim countries.
There were some things they wanted to do, but God ’ s eternal King did not allow them to suffer.
Well, these are vital consciences.
This tragedy in Norway should not be viewed merely as a simple conscience.
Then, under such circumstances, we must look back to our circumstances and see ourselves in a particular situation.
The result is that we simply do not look at this opportunity and understand it, and then the result is that we do not work with it properly, and the result is that we do not take advantage of that opportunity in time, and then we are going to fare badly.
Sometimes he himself neglecting an opportunity to find himself becomes another threat, and he himself becomes another recovery.
Therefore, there is no problem if we look at the future for the consciences that are taking place in the land with this barrier.
Well, it would be necessary for us to look beyond the facts ; we should not make mistakes and fall away from a stone ; we must have good things and then bad ; we must take care of them more fully.
In the media and others, the sign is similar.
From the time a person asked why you were in such a court, they would rightly say that you did not leave us in the real conscience.
You say that this is a blinding face and a blinding face ; we just want to be in the right place — a struggle to break our conscience.
I just checked every day from ten to twenty newspapers.
Some of these magazines daily had some personal reports that each of them was enough to shake the heart of a injured man.
We do not merely accuse anyone but merely a real conscience, which is a mistake.
The same is true of jealousy.
The wounded parts must be viewed along with the fine parts of the type of armor available together.
He had to set limits on what governments could operate and hurry to operate together.
Hence, to understand the real situation in that country, we must keep the wound part and the iron part together.
Today, I will merely present a detailed discussion of the sign, but there is a need for field service in this section.
These beautiful features will show us a number of opportunities and fields that we have in that country.
However, these weapons of wound will show us what we ought to give them and what activities must be carried out.
When we place these treasures together with one another, this becomes a way of lighting ; we understand why we should act.
Here I wrote some five to six pieces of a dictionary that continued throughout the years of the Islamic Republic for 32 years, at any time and in any one of its own years, some dictatorships, some good dictatorships, and others were left behind.
Foremost among the positive and positive aspects of this system, which also has been confirmed by the arrangement, is success and success in overcoming threats ( such as the system of things ) ; this is a truly important conscience.
Thro the last 32 years, we have faced the threat of political threats, the threat of security, and the economic threat of this system.
Na'am wanted to cut off that government, but since it was not easy for them to do so, they wanted to feed the country behind by interrupting the international system.
All of this system, however, has succeeded in overcoming all the threats.
Some of these possessions were directly organized, such as this forbidden conscience.
The country had been restricted for years and decades until in recent decades, they have intensified the warfare and persecution that they themselves claimed to be an exhausting restriction.
These restrictions have at times been passed by means of the United Nations, and they themselves have placed those restrictions on our part.
These are coins of coins and coins of overseas, which have a direct bearing on them.
Similarly, there are other threats of wild beasts that can have a bearing on the consequences of domestic events ; while the shepherds use them as an illustration of the national tribe, this system has successfully overcome all these wealthy things ; today the international tribe continues to live with one another ; and then the feelings of attachment to this arrangement and jealousy can be seen.
This, in my eyes, is part of the strength we have.
We must take note of this sign when calculating the parts of this system ’ s armor.
This system of things continues without the backing of the weaknesses and failures and to the vigorous materialistic shepherds, who face threats over the length and height of the thirty-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two
To me, this was the very first part of the arm of this system.
The second : mutual trust between individuals and governments.