The Leader of the Islamic Revolution issued a message to all Iranian people in this month of mercy and blessings by the Somalistic Muslim brothers in the battlefields.
The following is the full text of the announcement:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the northwestern region, in the southwestern region, which is suffering from the bitterest and most bitter rainfall in the region during the recent days, millions of Muslims, in the southwestern region, are seriously in danger and are faced with threats.
Therefore, as a result of the attention of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to the issue of helping ill-wishers and ill-wishers in Somalia, the Islamic Ummah of Iran is invited to help the Islamic Ummah of Somalia with this kind of mercy and blessings.
Elsewhere in his statements, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that mosques should be formed as a genuine foundation in the meetings of the people and the meetings of the people. He reiterated: "If mosques are appropriate, many material and religious responsibilities will be shouted by the people and government officials.
The following is the full text of the message issued on November 24, 2013.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In nature, human beings are kind, and they are in need of divine prayers and they are in need of divine prayers. When the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) is the Holy Prophet of all good things, it is necessary to respond to the needs.
By Allah's grace and blessings, the Lord of the Worlds (God's greetings be upon him and his immaculate soul, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of the Age, the Lord of
Eid ul-Fitr prayers day and night is a blessing that helps human beings avoid being infallible in this bay of lack of vigilance. It is not possible to express it with divine understanding. It is possible to restore it as much as it can.
When daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers,
Mosque is the manifestation of this unity.
During the hajj, he went to the battlefield and in the mosques of the believers, just like being in the shrine of divine blessings. This awakened the shower of divine blessings.
Relying on Eid al-Adha, the morality of the Islamic Ummah has been brighter on a daily basis. Thanks to Eid al-Adha, the morality of the Islamic Ummah has been brighter on a daily basis.
It is this perspective which should be viewed as a mosque.
The spirituality of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) increases on the basis of self-sacrifice and self-sacrifice.
Whenever a system of life is created, mosques are the main pillar of this system.
It is necessary to preserve and strengthen our capacities. Mosques should be a source of wealth in cities and cities, in schools and universities, in meetings in which the people are present, from business centers to airplans, to parks and to hospitalities.
It is necessary that the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) be constantly vigilant, patient and patient.
It is necessary to be aware of the importance of teachers' role. It is necessary to be aware of the importance of teachers' role.
If the Islamic Revolution achieves such a position, the material and religious responsibility of the people and government officials will be undermined.
We hope that this day will belong to the Imam of the Age (God’s greetings be upon him and may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met this afternoon with the Lebanese Prime Minister, Sa'ad Hariri, and his accompanying delegation.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the negotiations between the two government officials and the agreements that were closed to the conclusion of this meeting and reiterated: "There are many capacities that can be used to strengthen the relations between the two countries in different areas. Therefore, this relationship should be strengthened, especially in the area of economic and economic affairs.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the continued transgression of Lebanon and the Zionist regime and added: "If the Zionist regime can, it can transfer Beirut to Tarabulus to occupy Syria.
But fighting against the Zionist regime is the only cause.
His Eminence referred to Lebanon as the most successful and successful country against the Zionist regime and added: "Government is the only thing that the enemies of Lebanon have managed to."
It is necessary to identify the greatness of this principle.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "As long as the Zionist regime is suffering, Lebanon needs resistance.
Ayatollah Khamenei stressed that he is happy to have a close relationship between Sa'ad Hariri, Sayyed Hasan Nasrullah and other officials in charge of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic of Iran is supporting the establishment of unity and independence on Lebanon.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the last meeting with Rafik Hariri, the prime minister of Iran, and described the efforts made by him to promote Lebanon's progress.
In this meeting, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic of Iran is the fate and brotherhood of Lebanon who has cooperated with Lebanon in difficult times.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated that the Lebanese government is hopeful that the relations between the two countries will be strengthened in all economic, political and cultural areas.
He added that the Lebanese government is a national unity government and added that any discord between the Lebanese nation and the Islamic Republic will benefit from the Zionist regime.
Ayatollah Taskhiri, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, met Tuesday morning with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's hajj message.
Following the long interference of the Iranian pilgrims to Saudi Arabia, Saudi Arabia and Iran - which resulted in negotiations and negotiations that were concluded between the two government officials.
Ayatollah Taskhiri was one of the leaders of Iran in Saudi negotiations.
Every year during the hajj, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution delivered a message to the pilgrims, and he evaluated the important issues of the Islamic Ummah.
What is the philosophy behind this message?
First of all, it is necessary to clarify a few points for answering these questions.
First, the hajj - which is one of the Islamic worshiping activities - has the main goals to this goal.
The hajj is the greatest goal which can be accompanied by hajj pilgrims, and as we see in the Holy Quran, it is to cooperate with the Islamic Ummah and the work of prophets in history." [The Holy Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, Quran, and other such things.
The Holy Quran describes each and every one of these days and says, "And when you do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not do not.
He says, "Yet I am the Master of the people."
He said, "Yet the Lord of the Worlds, the Lord of the Worlds and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household."
The second goal is, naturally, the establishment of human beings, the transformation of human beings into the essence of their system and the main path towards divine blessings. This was how human beings were established during the hajj. Therefore, the lofty goals of the hajj were revealed, and one of the goals of the "barrancy of monotheism" [the Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 25].
These things mean attitude towards the people and unity towards the Islamic Ummah.
The message that was delivered by the Imam (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (r.a.) was based on hajj goals.
As for the philosophy behind this message - which I would like to discuss you today - and for the reason why the Islamic Republic and its leaders are so important to this issue is that they should work hard for a nation.
Having hajj means safeguarding the movement of a nation.
There is a narration: "Hajj is the flag of Islam". What does the flag of Islam mean?
During the war, this means that the Armed Forces were present in different armies and that the war was continued.
Therefore, the hajj and the look at the hajj is one of the lofty goals of the Islamic Republic and the movement of the Islamic Awakening.
Therefore, in his message, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) raised the point that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to is very important.
Of course, the issue of the hajj is not at all significant. No, it is unfortunately that we do not understand the greatness of this message, but we do not know the people who are behind it.
Media networks are active in this area, but they did not carry out their responsibilities in the same way that the message was very heavy and sensitive.
All the media, all cultural organizations, all media, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, all publicity, and all publicity.
It is necessary to make intensified efforts in this regard.
No, such a situation does not exist. Saudi rulers only raise a message.
How many times this message was delivered to the people on Eid al-Adha?
But after the conflict - which was why the Iranian pilgrims did not go to the hajj for many years - a negotiating agreement was ended and I was among the pilgrims of the negotiations.
Both sides are agreed that there will be no ceremonies in Mecca since that time. But the day in Arafat - that is, the month of Hajj - the Iranian people are prepared to hold a great ceremony in order to recite the message of the Leader.
This is another agreement after all negotiations and disputes.
We claim that the hajj is issued to the Islamic Ummah.
Is this public call still effective?
First of all, they are visiting many hajj pilgrims from different countries.
The message was repeated in different places during the hajj, in Mina and elsewhere and was presented in the hands of all hajj pilgrims as the message of the Revolution.
On the other hand, the system of arrogant powers of the world and Arab and Islamic governments are trying to prevent the influence of this message.
The message was broadcast in one of the brilliant newspapers and all Zionists throughout the world saw that broadcast would create problems.
What year did this happen?
The Zionists are trying to prevent the spread of this message.
Saudi government has not just helped us to spread this message, it has also prevented it. It has also been arrested and arrested a number of people.
Of course this kind of publicity has been minimized in the recent years, but they are constantly trying to express their opposition to the end of this message.
Sometimes we try to broadcast newspapers in a free way, but not in a free way.
Many newspapers do not believe in or allow newspapers.
In Europe, even Muslims.
Of course, it was not the case, but as I said, we were deceived.
What was the message?
Here hajj is the representative of the entire Islamic Ummah.
The position that is established here is, in fact, the position of the representative of the people - that is, the position of all Muslim nations with the intention of closeness to God.
Hajj should keep his eyes in mind.
He took care of his body.
The books that were forbidden from ihram are educational.
I would like to learn lessons from the message issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution over the past few decades.
The following is the full text of the message issued on November 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
This is the message of the Leader in the hajj.
For example, the hajj will be combined with the weakness of the Islamic Ummah.
On the other hand, the hajj is an advanced point, and it says that hajj is the flag of Islam.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution stated that hajj is the manifestation of the role of the Islamic system.
If we pay attention to the pillars of the hajj, one of them is the prayer of the Imam of the Age (a.s.).
That is to say, the entire society is committed to sharia and divine preparedness.
Of course the first point that I would like to mention in this message is the slogan of hajj in the history of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is the continuation of the hajj towards the "importance of public and individual behavior".
This is true of all messages.
Of course, from the beginning to the end of the message, we will mention the issue of sincerity and benefiting from the opportunities gained in sacred places related to the hajj.
The third point is the message of Islamic arrogance.
The use of Islamic principles is to remedy the problems of humanity.
The next point is to raise the issue of unity among Muslims, and the Islamic Awakening is the most important point in the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In this message, there is an effort to promote Islamic Awakening.
This unity is referred to as: for example, the one-way, the one-way, the one-way, the one-way, the one-way, the one-way, the one-way, and the other-way.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that Ka'bah is the symbol of monotheism and is the symbol of unity.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message describes the great capacities of the Islamic Ummah, which includes material, spiritual, national and cultural capacities. They teach the people what great capacities they have and what unfortunately the enemies are trying to undermine.
Another point that is embodied by the arrogant powers of the world is the reflection on the plots.
In all these messages, he referred to the satanic and arrogant powers' efforts to defeat the Islamic Ummah as well as their crimes.
These are important issues which are being adopted in Islamic countries. These issues include the issues that have been raised, the efforts which are being made to foment ethnic fitna, promote corruption and killing, and the propaganda that they are making against the Islamic Ummah.
Both of the threats that emerged after the 11th of September were clarified by the Leader.
Because thanks to the Revolution and Islamic Awakening, the plots of the arrogant powers of the world of Islam have been interfered in the plots of the occupiers of Islamic countries, and the enemy has started a movement towards the Islamic Ummah and promoting corruption.
Therefore, the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution described the arrogant powers of the world as the enemies of the disabled people and as the supporters of terrorism and promoting hypocrisy and colonialism in Islamic countries. One of the important issues is to reflect on the role of regional mercenaries in pursuing the goal of establishing colonialism and eliminating hajj pilgrimage from the main goal.
The last point is that we should identify the Islamic Republic as the successful model in fighting the arrogant powers of the world, the model for guidance of Islam throughout our life and the model for Islamic unity, the model for unity among the leaders and the people, the model for religious democracy and the model for despair.
What was the effect of these things in other countries?
Is there a difference between intellectuals and politicians of Islamic and Arab countries?
Each year we go to the knees of the eight countries and meet people, groups and leaders of Islam, especially political groups of different countries and leaders of resistance. All of us refer to this issue and express our statements with this message.
That is to say, in spite of our weakness in delivering messages, which is very effective is wherever we can deliver a message.
That is to say, the issue of diplomacy is still alive in the world. Leaders of countries are speaking to the people today.
Can this hajj be accepted as one of the pillars of such progressive diplomacy in the Islamic Republic and as a result of the Revolution?
The message of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) to the pilgrims is one of the best ways to formulate the message of the Revolution.
The message that has a significant influence on the Islamic Ummah is one of the methods to strengthen the hajj and to address the efforts which are being made to overthrow the identity of the hajj and the constant presence of the people in the Islamic Ummah. Although as I said, we are indebted to the Islamic Ummah.
Of course many of the hajj pilgrims are coming to the nations and they are faced with many problems, but they fail to understand the message that is embodied by the hajj.
There is a narration that says, "The hajj will always be accompanied by hajj pilgrims if they do not commit sins." That is to say, the hajj will always be accompanied by the light of hajj, and this light will always be accompanied by hajj pilgrims and their people until they make sins. The light of hajj will always be thwarted.
We hope that the hajj pilgrims will make efforts in order to acquire the light of the hajj and we hope that the hajj can play a role in educating the Islamic Ummah.
Leader’s Speech to Shia Teachers and Families - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 12, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to a group of Shia and Sunnis of Kermanshah province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and blessings and greetings be upon the Master of the creatures, Muhammad al-Mustafa and his immaculate family and his chosen companions.
Allah the Exalted says, "In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
Some people pray to Allah the Exalted and fear Him and do not fear anybody in the face of Him. And Allah the Exalted has made" [The Holy Quran, 33: 39].
Meeting the honorable teachers who are rendering services to different sectors of the country and the youth who are busy with religious education and who are after religious knowledge is one of the most pleasant meetings.
Fortunately, today the dear brothers and sisters, students and ulama of the Sunni and Shia province are present in this meeting.
There are certain points that I would like to discuss, but before I speak about these points, I deem it necessary to express my gratitude for the great scholar who, under the command of Ayatollah Borujerdi, spent his life in this province and was punished by the efforts of being martyred.
I had the opportunity to meet him in Kermanshah several times. We had the opportunity to meet him and discuss him with us.
I had seen the same thing in certain seminaries. That is to say, the Friday prayer fair which was held in Islamabad, was held at Shahid Sadiq (a.s.) from Yazd.
The meeting was held under the shade of bombs [of the Iraqi Army in order to enter the arena of war].
Her talents, her role models, her lack of weakness and her appearances - these are all of her characteristics. She is a great man.
And Allah the Exalted has not rewarded him. At the end of a lifetime, Allah the Exalted has ordered him to be martyred.
I have repeatedly said that martyrdom is a trade obligation.
Certainly, there will be a day when our life ends on a daily basis" [The Holy Quran, Sura Al-Imran, Ayahs 3:185].
If we are interested in achieving this achievement, one will bestow success on achieving this achievement on God.
[The Holy Quran, 9: 111] Allah the Exalted is rewarded, and Allah is rewarded.
In this province too, our dear brother, Hajj Agha-Bahodeen Mohammadi Araki, is one of the people who was martyred.
Marja Hajj Baha is one of the greatest students of Imam Khomeini and one of our friends in Qom.
Allah the Exalted has bestowed mercy on these two martyrs.
The honorable, sincere, sincere and sincere Hajj pilgrims of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household should also be honored with the honorable, faithful, sincere and sincere Hajj pilgrim.
Allah the Exalted is compassionate.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before becoming the president of the country, I visited Kermanshah in one of my meetings and studied his work.
Later on, the Imam (r.a.) died and he ordered me one of his duties.
I would like to invite him to write this narration to me: "Whoever sets out his leadership on the nation, he should start his recitation before he recites."
He wrote this in a good book and I wrote it in another book.
This is the case with our responsibility.
My dear youth, my dear students and my sisters, if we want to be like an inexhaustible spring that lacks freshwater and if we want to be like an inexhaustible spring that lacks freshwater by the people, the solution is to this goal: “Leaving freshwater!”
The Holy Quran says, "Those who are afraid of God are only people among His servants" [The Holy Quran, 35: 28]. Fear of God is one of the characteristics of teachers.
Teachers have certain characteristics, but fear of God is elected.
The characteristic of knowledge is that if one achieves such a great blessing, it is necessary to insult one's heart for fear of God.
You dear youth should have this characteristic. When you are younger than I, you can do this. If somebody makes an achievement at our age, he will benefit from it. Otherwise it will be difficult to do so.
There are some people who will this goal, and there are some people who will not this goal.
The gap between 20 and 30 years up to 7 years is a gap between the time and the time. That is to say, the gap between the time and the time is a gap. The gap between the time and the time is a gap.
When you are 20 years old, you think that it is enough to be 7 years old at an old age.
In the short period of time, if one manages to do something or make a mistake, it is necessary to be prepared for it at the age of four.
Therefore, I advise our dear students to fulfill the memory of God, fear of God and to make efforts in order to get close to God which is more important than calling to knowledge, and their main responsibility is the demand for knowledge.
If knowledge is available, but not with fear of God, then this knowledge can be useless, even harming.
I have a teacher - who is familiar with religious and non-religious knowledge - who is not just interested in knowledge, but is also interested in it.
This spirituality, which is close to God, is necessary for knowledge and teachers.
Kermanshah is very important.
As Mr. Ulama said, Kermanshah had high-ranking teachers, such as the family of Agha, the family of Jalili and many other high-ranking teachers. More than this, Kermanshah had high-ranking teachers.
The same is true of Kermanshah. Another issue in Kermanshah is that as the people of Kermanshah are kind, respectful and kind to those who have come together, those who are teachers have this characteristic.
The late Mohammad Ali - the late Wahid Bahbahani who was one of his prominent students - died at Kermanshah.
Although this does not mean that it is necessary to exist, it has also been recited in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
Many of his children were among teachers and outstanding personalities.
This is a example.
Another example is the late Agha Seyyed Hosseyn Haeri-Yazdi who moved to Mashahad at the end of his life.
I still remember a few things about it.
The dear brothers and sisters of Agha Sayyed Mohammad Isfahan, Agha Sayyed Mohammad Isfahan, and Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi, who have stayed in Kermanshah for many years.
He was a memorizer in Isfahan.
He was the master of knowledge and calculations.
He was educated by the late Akhund Mulla Fat'ali-Sultanabadi (s.a.), who was a member of the Islamic seminary in Samarra.
Another scholar is the great Sardaviat, a well-known Islamic jurisprudent for different sectors.
The book that was written about it was a good and full of details. It was a book that I used to see many years ago.
I have spent about sixty years in Kermanshah and many teachers have benefitted from it.
I read in this book that the late Hajj Agha-Hossein Kummi (God's greetings be upon him) went to Kermanshah in order to meet the late Sardar al-Kabuli.
I think I have been martyred at the age of two because I have been reading books for many years - namely, the hajj Agha-Hossein Kummi, who was a marjaje and a great Islamic jurisprudent and who was standing before the Sardaviat and was listening to him on this issue of knowledge.
This is a lesson. That is to say, a role model can be performed on a daily basis.
This is not at all a source of pride for a great teacher.
You dear youth should move forward in this direction.
He - who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and who is the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the Imam of the Age and the
Marja Sardar Kabuli spent 30 years in Kermanshah.
Shahid Ashrafi Isfahan was a disabled Islamic jurisprudent.
This movement has a characteristic that shows that the hearts of the people are familiar with religious scholars.
When a person finds out about his characteristics, he finds out about his characteristics in a way that he might not be underestimated.
The late Ashraf is Isfahan, but he feels like Kermanshah. He is Kermanshah.
That is to say, I was in the arena of action.
I would like to mention a few points.
Dear teachers, dear youth and dear future students, welcome!
First, the possibility of spreading the message of Islam in the world - in Islamic and non-Muslim countries - is due to two reasons.
Your responsibility will be increased.
You are in such a situation today.
You should not be afraid. "Not only are they afraid of Him and they should not be afraid of anybody in the face of God."
Do not fear anything, do not fear the obstacles that lie on the path.
You should not say there are no difficulties in this regard, but you should not be afraid of these difficulties.
You should do something that cannot be imagined.
Did this not happen in Iran?
There was an event in Iran which if all righteous figures of the world stayed here and there for a few hours, they would not be able to do so at all.
Every detail says that this task is not possible, but it is possible.
I would tell you that even some of our resistance forces said that they would not be able to do so.
Ayatollah Talikani said that the Imam (r.a.) said, "The Shah should be defeated". It is obvious that the Shah will not be defeated.
They were not sure that the Shah would be defeated.
He used to say the same thing to me later on.
He said that the Shah would be defeated and that no one would believe in it.
Not only was the Shah defeated, nor was America defeated, nor was western powers defeated, nor was the arrogant powers defeated.
Nobody believes in this, but this has already happened.
Nobody would have thought that the greatest revolution of this era in Islamic countries would be in Egypt, which was dominated by the camp of Dabid and Hosni-Mubarak.
You might have thought that this would happen in another country, but nobody would have thought of Egypt. But the Revolution happened in Egypt.
These are one of the things that we should place in our hearts.
We should try as hard as we can, so we should try as hard as we can.
You should pay attention to this issue in order to be able to do so. They should not fear everybody before God.
They should not forget about Allah, but Allah has a number of considerations.
And Allah the Exalted has made him compassionate.
This is our path.
When we are teachers, we engage in a ceremonial ceremony with the slogan "Whoever raises the blessing of God" and "God's blessing is the blessing of God's prophets" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 25].
Allah the Exalted says, â€œAs this is how We put an enemy on every prophet.
[The Holy Quran, Sura Al-Anam, Ayahs 61: 12] And if their Lord wish, He will not do so.
Therefore, if it is decided that you and I will deliver a divine message to us, we will be prepared for the fiend of your family and your people.
They fight against us, and we are prepared to fight against them.
From a spiritual point of view, we should create a strong wall for ourselves - which is the wall of religious faith and spirituality - so that we should not be defeated.
And their clear failure originates from the failure of mankind.
One's bad defeat causes foreign defeat.
If you do not fail in your heart, no one will victory over you.
The wall that should be built for your hearts is the wall of faith in God and spirituality. "So the people should rely on Allah." [The Holy Quran, Sura Ibrahim, Ayah 122] "And whoever is relying on Allah, is God his Messenger." [The Holy Quran, Sura Talak, Ayah 65:3] "Have God not relying on His servants?
[The Holy Quran, 39: 36] These are all lessons for us.
We should read the Holy Quran with every thought and we should consider it as a lesson and a system of our life.
The satanic phenomenon that today reaches you through Internet means, human means and other modern communication means has many modern meanings as well.
There is some reasoning in this regard.
In some Islamic countries, a large number of people are killed in order to prepare a Sunni party against Shia Muslims.
In this regard, he was not at the service of a Shia pilgrim who acted as Shia pilgrim and honored the Ummah the Prophet of Aisha (s.w.a.).
These are the methods that they adopt.
It is because creating discord is a great blessing for them.
I would tell you that Shia and Sunni Muslims are living together in your province.
Shia and Sunni scholars should prepare their meetings for each other.
There are certain things that we have done in this regard.
You can think of them, but you should continue doing your job in a friendly way.
If they want to carry out research, they want to do it or not.
I believe in ethnic disputes. If they want to discuss knowledge and ethnic disputes among teachers and outstanding personalities, they want to do this and there is no problem in this regard.
But in spite of all these things, there were common points in society. There were common points in society and there were common points in society.
Shia scholars are very happy with their people, and Sunni scholars are very happy with their people and they should make use of this power and this power to remedy the common problems.
Today there are some people whose weapons are the weapons of the unbelievers. They do not even feel like unbelievers.
This gap between the Islamic Ummah should be ignored.
Therefore, the second chapter that I discussed is in line with all these things.
Another responsibility is the duty of education.
I have heard that Kermanshah's students - whose brothers undoubtedly listened to them - should come and exile in Qom, and if they fail to return to that country, they should come and go to that country at a particular time. They should go to Qom at 2, 3, 4 times a year.
Therefore, the issue of knowledge is very important.
Of course in the arena of knowledge, there is Islamic jurisprudence which is very important.
There was a student who came to me in a lesson and I did not see him.
Later on, I asked, "Who are these people?" I said, "One of the cities of the province of Khorasan is where I am going. What happened next?" I said, "Why do you know that I do not have a role model for these people.
This is exactly what is mentioned in this meeting.
Today, take a look at the quality of our youth.
There are a lot of people in Kermanshah.
This was not the case at a certain time.
Before the victory of the Revolution, those who were graduated from Kermanshah were not thwarted.
But today those who have repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly.
They are opposed to different propaganda efforts. There are certain questions that they raise.
It is necessary to identify the questions that exist in this regard.
It is necessary to identify the people to speak about them. They should identify them. They should identify them according to the requirements of the Holy Quran, Sunnah and other such things.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said that the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) used to describe the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) books in order to solve the problems of the youth.
You were in Qom.
You should do these things.
You should think about education even more than you think.
You should purge the hearts of those who speak with you and educate them.
This education is difficult, and as I said, "Whoever sets out his leadership on the nation, he should start his education before he becomes a leader."
This difficult task should be done.
Teachers have a social responsibility in this regard. Teachers should take part in social issues, but the important point is that they should take part in teachers' activities, enter a cleric's classroom and do not give in to temptation.
The characteristic of teachers is that they can show and teach the truths of the people through their morality, morality, wisdom, and behavior. They can show and teach them how to do so.
Salsa is everything.
If his relationship is broken, if he can maintain his relationship with daily prayers, he will be defeated.
Your salaries are very important.
You should encourage those who speak with divine prayers to participate in the congregational prayers.
This annual Eid al-Adha - which is being held every year - is unknown whether it has been held in Kermanshah or not. You should organize this annual meeting.
Shia and Sunni monarchists should not harass their brothers.
You should go together and be kind to one another.
There are certain things that can be done together.
If this happens, teachers will, by Allah's favor, make progress.
I would tell you that when the Islamic Revolution achieved victory, the world had a new spirit and a new generation.
Did such a powerful manpower succeed in provoking the great tragedy that western powers had undergone?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) conquered western powers and destroyed the system of hegemony.
They read the Holy Quran and find certain details about Islam. Therefore, they are committed to Islam.
The efforts were made at that time by the enemies to undermine Islam, and this continued. The second step was when the Marxist regime was defeated.
In Islamic countries, a large number of young people are pure and sincere and they think that if a socialist regime is established, justice, instability and isolation will be removed from their countries.
Some of them are truly sincere people. I have seen some of them - whether Muslims or non-Muslims.
They are leftist because they think that there is hope for the people.
When a socialist is defeated, he does not benefit from it.
Therefore, they are following the path of Islam.
In Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other places, all the youth that you see are from Islamic slogans. In the 1960s and the 1970s, all of them are from Islamic slogans - that is, 30 years ago.
The same is true of our country as well.
Some people think of Islam, but under the pretext of these statements, it is in fact socialist and socialist thought.
After the leftist movement was defeated, all the leftist elements turned into Islam. They view Islam, Quran, Islamic principles and the Islamic Republic. They view the miracles.
A system that has been established in the framework of Islamic teachings has filled its existing and future claims and has been oppressed by all blood-thirsty oppressors of the Iranian nation.
Those who are after Marxism and socialism and are not after it have been defeated. Now they can see what they are doing in Islam.
Do you see what is happening?
They want to humiliate them, but they cannot be humiliated.
In the monetary system of the U.S. and in the American economy, including New York and on the Wall Street, thousands of people show that they do not want to buy capital. They show that they do not want to buy capital, and they show that they do not want to buy capital.
This is what I believe. We used to say from the beginning that we did not approve of the capitalist system, and westerners did not.
You should be prepared.
Islamic teachers should be prepared.
They should not be vigilant. They should not be vigilant. They should not be vigilant. They should not be vigilant. They should not be vigilant. They should not be vigilant.
If you do this, you will see that the love for Islam will be increased.
There are many things that I would like discuss with you. Also, this meeting is a pleasant meeting, but it is necessary to be cautious in this meeting.
Dear God, make religious scholars satisfied with what You believe.
Dear God, make not the dear youth and the dear youth who are interested in religious scholars and seminarians - in Kermanshah and Kermanshah - become active and active scholars.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and guidance on all of us.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
Imam Khamenei, the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution, appointed as the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir
Elsewhere in his statements, Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, appointed Dr. Abdulazali Asgari as the new chairman of the IRIB.
The full text of the hukm is as follows:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dear Dr. Abdul'ali Ali Asghari
Thanks to the words of Mr. Mohammad Sarafraz and thank God for the great and unforgettable efforts of the Revolution's Guards Corps, and for the long history of the Revolution's Guards Corps and for the leadership of the National Media Corps, I appointed you as the chairman of the IRIB.
What I should tell you is that I was not at the service of Mr. Sarafraz and I appointed him for the first time.
Therefore, I stress the importance of planning, preserving national policies, safeguarding, safeguarding, safeguarding and safeguarding the working class of the Revolution's Guards Corps and promoting the performance of the Revolution's Guards Corps.
I hope God will help you successfully in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Urdibehesht 22, 1395
(11 May, 2016)
Leader’s Speech to Imam Khomeini’s Demise - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on the occasion of the 24th anniversary of Imam Khomeini's death.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and guidant Family, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who bestowed the opportunity and opportunity on us to appreciate our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) on such a day.
The Imam's (r.a.) message remained alive in the hearts of our people, but the 14th of Khordad was a symbol of the Iranian nation's love for our magnanimous Imam.
Today is the birthday anniversary of Imam Musa ibn Ja'far (peace and greetings be upon him).
This year has coincided with the 50-year anniversary of the Khordad 15, the year 1342 (June 1963), which was the beginning of the Revolution.
The 15th of Khordad is an important and determining day.
I would like to address this issue to the main point and the issue which should be discussed earlier.
The 15th of Khordad is not the result of the great movement of teachers and the people.
Before Khordad 15, there were some important realities that happened in the year 1341 and the beginning of the year 1342.
For example, the event that happened on the 2nd of Farbarden of the year 1342, led to the massacre of religious scholars and the massacre of their magnanimous Ayatollah Golpegani.
Before the massacre of the people of Tehran in the end of the year 1341, the great Imam Ayatollah Seyyed Ahmad Khunsari was insulted.
These are all indications that the teaching movement of the year 1341 and the beginning of the year 1342 achieved such a great achievement that the police and security officials of the oppressive government had deployed their forces against teachers, students and even maraaje.
Of course, the 15th of Khordad is a very important day.
The reason is that what happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342 was indicative of the relationship between men and teachers at that very dangerous time.
On the 13th of Khordad of that year's Ashura, Imam Khomeini delivered a very important speech in his Islamic seminary.
Later on, the 15th of Khordad, in Tehran, and in Qom and other cities, the satanic Pahlavi regime captured Imam Khomeini (r.a.). The satanic Pahlavi regime captured Imam Khomeini (r.a.) with all its power and captured him. The 15th of Khordad, a popular movement took place in Khordad.
I assure you that such a relationship is the guardianship of this movement and this movement towards success.
Wherever a movement is accompanied by the people, that movement will be continued.
But if the people fail to participate in an anti-illiteracy movement, they will not victory.
This was the case in Iran during the reign of taghut and during the reign of taghut and during the reign of taghut and during the reign of taghut and during the reign of taghut and during the reign of taghut.
When the people enter the arena and support a movement and make up all their intellectual and intellectual capacities, the movement will continue and will be successful.
The same is true of the 15th of Khordad.
As a result of the massacre of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) in Tehran and other cities, he was forced to insult the people with all his power.
The streets of Tehran filled the blood of the unbelievers and the youth.
On the 15th of Khordad, the dictators of the taghuti domineering and faithless heart was revealed.
The next point that is embodied by the 15th of Khordad - which should be pay attention to our dear youth and people - is that during the massacre that was committed to the people of Tehran and other cities, there were no international centers and those who called themselves human rights organizations.
Humanity and teachers played a role in the arena of rendering services.
The claimants of the country as well - who claim to support the resistance of the government - believe that this movement is an inexhaustible movement. They say that this movement is an inexhaustible movement.
Whenever selfless and enthusiastic people fail to bring themselves to the battlefield, they will blatantly blatantly blatantly blatantly blatantly blatantly blatantly blatantly blatantly blatantly.
They used to say that this movement was an inexhaustible movement. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) continued this movement thanks to the support of the people and showed the world and history of his leadership as a religious and determined leader.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed in three things: determination, courage and resistance. These are all: faith in God, faith in the power of the people and faith in self-confidence. These three faiths manifested themselves in the soul of the Imam (r.a.).
The Imam (r.a.) said that his heart was pure and accepted the call of the people.
They entered the arena and made efforts.
They have moved towards victory, and this movement has been completely unprecedented in the world.
Imam Khomeini explaining the three religions of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
These are the important points which will clarify our path for us if we identify them.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was the symbol of religious faith in God.
This remark made them faithful and they said, "Allah is the Exalted and the Almighty" [The Holy Quran, 3: 173].
[The Holy Quran, 47: 7] It is a divine promise which will be fulfilled by Allah for the sake of God.
From the perspective of religious faith and the people, our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) knew the Iranian nation with all the meaning of this term.
He believed that the Iranian nation was a faithful, intelligent and brave nation. If a righteous nation managed to lead it in a righteous way, it would be able to show itself in all arenas just like the light of the day.
If certain people - like Shahid Soleiman Hosseyn - had humiliated the Iranian nation in a certain way, then certain people - like Nadeer Kali - would present themselves in the people and would lead the Iranian nation with all their courage and determination. The Iranian nation would move from Delhi to the Black Sea.
He knew the Iranian nation and he trusted them.
He demonstrated their religious spirit and the Iranian nation became a model of power and insight.
The Imam (r.a.) was the enemies of the Iranian nation and he was the greatest and the most powerful man.
This is the reason why Imam Khomeini (r.a.) did not show his failure in the battlefield against colonialists because colonialists were opposed to the honor of the people.
On the issue of trust and self-confidence, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) teached the Iranian nation that we can.
He revealed to the world his capabilities. In April 1342, in spite of all the pressures, the Imam (r.a.) introduced a philosophical philosophy in front of the Qom students and the Shah, who relies on America and foreign powers and is holding a hegemony without any considerations and threatens to tell you that if you follow what you do, I will send you to the people who have come from Iran.
One of the teachers is the dear people of Qom, who does not have any weapons, financial and international support.
Faith in God and self-confidence will strengthen one's position in this regard.
Similarly, when Imam Khomeini (r.a.) returned from the exile, he threatened the Bahraini government and added: "I will form the Bahraini government and I will appoint it."
He believed in himself and his power.
When our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) had been given to him, he was given to the people.
And some people believe that this is the case. One of the effective means that the enemies are prepared to impose their control over other nations is to make them feel that they cannot do so.
That is to say, they have supported the Iranian nation for many years in political, scientific, economic and other areas of life.
He said to the Iranian nation that they can.
He returned to us the courage, the resistance, the certainty and self-confidence.
We have started a movement. Therefore, the Iranian nation has achieved many achievements in all areas over the past 30 years.
The faith that was accompanied by Imam Khomeini (r.a.), faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence were the pillars of all his decisions, actions and policies.
At the beginning of this resistance, these faiths did not depend on our magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The same is true of exile sermons. The same is true of Paris sermons.
These two factors were due to the power of the Imam (r.a.) when he was returned to Tehran.
In the cases that happened in Bahman of the year 1357 (the time of the victory of the Revolution), during the domestic fitnas, during the announcement of the Islamic Republic, during the war and during the slogan of "no Gabashi, no West", during the Sacred Defense Era and in all the events that happened during the 10 years of Imam's life, these three faiths manifested themselves in Imam Khomeini's hands.
These two dimensions are the basis of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) position.
Until the end of his life, nobody was witness to a sign of weakness, insult, shamelessness and insult to the words and actions of the Imam (r.a.).
Many of the revitalized powers throughout the world are suffering from doubts about their behavior every time they notice them.
Sometimes they would even get back from the lie and even the words they used to say later on.
However, the Imam (r.a.) had not responded until the end of his life, and he had not responded until the year 1342.
But his soul is alive and the heart belongs to the youth.
This is the Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quranic Quran, 72: 16.
[The Holy Quran, 41: 30] Those who say, "Our Lord is Allah, then continue in the right way, the angels come together, saying, Fear not, nor be grieved, nor be forgiven by the Prophet's (s.w.a.) household whenever you have been promised it." [The Holy Quran, 41: 30] These are two faiths that are committed to Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
The Iranian nation changed its power. [The Holy Quran, 13: 11] Allah the Exalted changed their position.
The Iranian nation managed to tread its path and Allah the Exalted helped them.
What was the result?
There are a lot of things that our youth should know about relying on the characteristics of the Pahlavi satanic Pahlavi regime - which was superior to the time of the Qajar regime - with England and with America.
This self-confidence is considered to be disgraceful.
After the victory of the Revolution, a well-known diplomat of the U.S. stated: "We should tell you what you need and what not."
They used to say that you should maintain a relationship with each other.
You will produce oil in a short period. You will produce oil in a short period. You will produce oil in a short period. You will produce oil in a short period.
That is to say, a country that relies on other people has become a freedom-given and noble country.
Some evil leaders, faithful, monotheistic and material prominent figures dominate the country, but they have been transformed into representatives of a nation.
They were chosen by our government officials and the people.
He has been a nation's representative during the past 30 years.
They do not give up their allies when they take a coup d'état. This is very important.
The evil politicians who interfered in the face of the enemies and made their hopes on the people, turned themselves into representatives of the people. Our country, which has made progress in terms of knowledge, has become the main pillar of progress in terms of knowledge.
Before the victory of the Revolution, we did not have any achievements or progress in the scientific arena of the country.
Is this limitation?
According to the global calculations, the Iranian nation will rank the fourth most important scholar in the world in the future.
Is this limitation?
If we want to construct a bridge, a bridge, a mines, or a factory, we need to send our hands to a number of people so that the injuries coming from the outside to construct a bridge, to construct a factory.
But today the youth of this nation - who are not dependent on foreigners at all - are building thousands of factories, mines, mines and mines throughout the country.
Should we pay attention to all these things?
In the arena of health and health, for the sake of a low-ranking job or a low-ranking job, our patients should go to the hospitalities of the European countries. If they have the right to do so, they should go back.
Today the widespread and most important widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread widespread.
The Iranian nation does not need any foreigners in this regard.
We become independent in this sensitive and important part of the world.
Many of the sides of the country were forgotten at that time.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution to a large number of cities and cities of the country, there were no shortcomings in the face of the cities.
But today different kinds of services are being rendered throughout the country, in different cities and villages.
Today nobody can say that our foreigners do not have any brakes or weapons or weapons.
At that time, before the victory of the Revolution, the population of our country was 30 million and 50 million.
Today the number of students in universities is more than two, but the number of students in universities is more than three.
The existence of university students means the majority of teachers and universities.
In every university, there are two examples in one place and there are two examples in the other.
At that time, there were not many clandestine governments in the country.
Today there are universities in every province.
This was the great movement of the Iranian nation thanks to the Revolution and the determination of our youth and officials. This has happened over the past thirty years.
These are important points.
Thanks to the Revolution, important and essential achievements were made in the country. Thousands of factories were established in the country.
Today many of our domestic products are consumed in foreign countries.
These things should be considered.
These things were achieved thanks to the three faiths that our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) placed in the hearts of the people of the country - faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence.
We do not say these things in order to make us feel happy.
No, there is a lot of work ahead of us.
There is a lot of achievements compared to the time of taghut. But there is a lot of difference between us and the country and the Islamic Ummah.
I would like to announce this because our honorable people and our courageous people should know that this path will be continued and that it will be possible to follow it through this faith.
They should know that there is a long way to go.
You can continue this long path to the peaks.
I am saying these terms to you because you know that the enemy has been making efforts to create enmity in our hearts because of enmity.
There is a clear path ahead of us.
We have an effective path.
What should we influence our path?
The teachings of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) are the teachings that can help us move forward. The teachings of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) are the teachings that can help us move forward.
I may see that our commitment to the Imam's (r.a.) name is helpful, but we will forget his teachings. This is a mistake.
His path was closed to the Imam (r.a.) and he introduced it to us.
From the perspective of foreign policy, the teachings of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) were: resistance in the face of interference policies of colonialism, closeness to brotherhood and Islamic nations, cooperation with all countries of the world except with the countries that have imposed their sanctions on the Iranian nation and have shown their enmity to them, fight against the Zionism, resistance in the face of Palestine, assistance to the oppressed people of the world and resistance in the face of oppressors.
Our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) was with us.
In cultural arenas, the teachings of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) were such: safeguarding the culture of corruption and warning of western civilizations, safeguarding the intellectual and religious principles, supporting morality and Islamic principles, and fighting corruption and prosperity in society.
In the economic arena as well, the teachings of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) were: relying on national economy, relying on self-confidence in domestic products, economic justice in production and distributing products, supporting immoral products, fighting capitalist culture and respecting hegemony. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) ignored the ethics of oppression and capitalist, but he also respected the right to colonialism, capital and labor.
The Imam (r.a.) used to teach us that we should maintain our freedom in the economy of the world.
The Iranian nation will be able to solve these disagreements only through its firm determination, faith, and commemoration of its Imam (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can make progress.
Considering our capabilities, our capacities, and our outstanding personalities, the Iranian nation will be able to continue its path after the passage of 30 years since the Revolution and, by Allah's favor, it will be a genuine role model for the Islamic Ummah.
The issue of elections is the issue of elections.
Dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian people,
Elections are the manifestation of both beliefs and beliefs that are accompanied by our magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
Our responsibility is that our sanctions are interfered in the future of our country.
Certain Iranian people carry out this responsibility.
Elections are the manifestation of the willpower of the people because the people elect government officials through their willpower.
Today is the symbol of trust. This is because anybody who votes in the election feels that he has played a role in determining the future of the country.
This is a very important thing.
Elections are the manifestation of trust in God, the manifestation of trust in the people and the manifestation of trust in God.
The Islamic Republic does not have any choice for any one of the panegyrists - that is, the panegyrists who are present on the scene.
Each vote for each and every one of the candidates is a vote for the Islamic Republic.
If you enter the arena of elections, whether the people who have voted for the presidential election or the people who have voted for the election - those who trust the Islamic Republic and the way the election is being conducted.
And the second step is to address the issue of taxation, which is more effective than the other type of taxation. I will discuss the issue of taxation, which is more effective than the other type of taxation.
Our enemies inside the country think that making these elections a threat for the Islamic Republic. This is while elections are an outstanding opportunity for the Islamic Republic.
Their goal is either to conduct unilateral elections in order to manage the people to break the Islamic Republic or to create discord during the elections, just as it did in the year 2009.
This is what the enemies of our nation want.
They made a mistake in this regard. The enemies of the Iranian nation forgotten the 9th of Dei. Those who think the majority of the people of Iran are opposed to the Islamic Republic have forgotten that on the 22nd of Bahman, there are millions of people who are showing their support for the Islamic Republic on different fronts and say, "Allah the Exalted, America".
In order to get closer to this election, they have designed a number of intellectuals to speak through these softwares.
They used to say that elections are alive and that there is no freedom in elections. They used to say that elections are not fair in the eyes of the people.
No, they do not know our people, they do not know our elections, and they do not know the Islamic Republic.
Is this possible in capitalist countries?
In capitalist countries, if you do not belong to one or three communities in the country and if you do not benefit from the support of capitalist, capitalist, capitalist and capitalist products, you will only be after elections.
Some people who do not have the support of the Zionists and bloodthirsty capitalists in the world will not be allowed to enter the arena of elections whatever they do.
They do not have media related to them. Neither does they have television related to them.
That is to say, they would have to spend one minute of their planning.
In our country, mercenaries who have killed us or not, they will not be allowed to send their messages to many people.
How do these things happen throughout the world?
The law is the sole principle of elections.
According to the law, certain people can enter the arena of elections and certain people cannot enter the arena.
The law determines the shortcomings that should be passed.
All of these things are carried out under law.
The enemies sit in a way to close their eyes to all these things. They raised many things. As I said, unfortunately some people - who are not afraid of Allah's greetings - keep saying these things in mind.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will answer these people with their presence and with their resistance, and their response to these people will be defeated.
I would like to raise a few points for the caravans. This is their right when the caravans used to insult the caravans for the sake of elections.
They are unable to do whatever they want, but our sporting activities mean determination, firm determination and firm determination.
They should pay attention to this point. I do not have any limits. Currently, foreign media officials will say, "I have preferred any limits."
I advise the dear people of our country to make progress in a fair way.
They did this, but the minister does not mean it was possible to deny the fictitious actions that were made both in this government and in the previous governments.
This does not mean that we should deny good deeds.
Today everybody who builds a coup d'état in our country does not need to start a job from the beginning because a large number of great achievements have been made.
Many construction projects have been carried out in different governments during the past few decades.
We should not ignore these things.
We do not want to deny all these measures simply because we are faced with economic problems and the use of raw materials. We do not want to deny all these measures.
But if we are suffering from these problems, we must not deny all the actions that have been made today.
And promises that cannot be fulfilled should not be fulfilled.
I advise all the jurisprudents to do what they are saying in the past year and what they do not want to say in the past year and what they do not want to say in the past year.
You should promise that if they be announced to you, you will not make selfless efforts in this and the next way.
Try to promise what you can.
In our country, the chairmanship is very great.
The power that the President deserves within the framework of our system of hegemony is a great and great power.
The chairman of a country is the capital of a country. He is equipped with all executive activities. He is equipped with the capabilities of legislative organizations and the capabilities of all intellectuals living in the country.
The chairperson of the country speaks about different things.
The problem with the Islamic Republic is that it is regulated by the Islamic Republic.
It is regulated by the Islamic Revolution as well, but it is not regulated by the Islamic Revolution.
The law is guidance, not limitation.
Those who speak with the people today should try as much as they can.
If they have the right to tell the people what to do and what to do, they should make efforts in order to carry out these plans and they should make use of all the power and power of the law to carry out their responsibilities.
Some people have a wrong idea to make efforts with the enemies in order to undermine their weakness in us.
The interests of the people of this country are greater than the interests of the country. This is a mistake.
The enemy's fuss originates from your presence because the Imam (r.a.) was present in the hearts and minds of the people of the country and the activities that are being carried out in the country. For the sake of the Iranian people from all parts of the country, the 14th of Khordad - namely, the day after the death of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
This is the reason why they are shameless.
If our nation stands firm, lost its needs and resolves its problems, if it can strengthen its economy in the future, the enemy will be able to do nothing before the Iranian nation.
In any case, what is important is determination, faith in God, self-confidence, and self-confidence in individuals, whether in individuals or in individuals.
Dear brothers and sisters, the passage of the past few days in a great test arena, and I hope by Allah's favor, the great nation will go together during this great test and will get the outcome from the end.
[The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 25] No power will be accepted by Allah the Exalted.
Imam Khamenei’s Message to European and North American youth - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Addressing all European and North American youth - Khamenei.ir
The recent events that happened in France and their followers in certain western countries made me think it is appropriate to speak to you.
I am saying to you, my dear youth, not just because I have loved your fathers, but because you are the future of your nation and your country and because I see your hearts are after the truths.
And I am not talking about your politicians and government officials because I believe that they have clearly turned their policies into the realities.
The issue that you speak about Islam is, especially the issue that you speak about Islam.
For more than 20 years - that is to say, since the fall of the Soviet Union - the great efforts have been made to present this great religion as a great fear.
Unfortunately, such threats are a frightening event in the history of western politicians.
I do not want to speak about the various kinds of insult and frightening that have been imposed on the hearts of western nations so far.
If you take a look at the historical background, you will see that newly-drafted Western governments have acted in a fair way against the nations and culture of the world.
In the history of Europe and America, they have been afraid of the unbelievers, domineering and oppressive people and those who are not Armenians.
Your historical scholars and teachers are aware of the bloodthirsty conflicts that were committed among the followers of the Holy and Protestant lessons and those of you who were committed to nationality and ethnicity in the other parts of the world.
The purpose of this illusion and some of these events is not to have a short history. Rather, I ask your intellectuals why this illusion has suffered after a century or even a century of western civilization's awakening and revitalization.
Why should the people pay attention to what has happened in the past few decades and what is happening today?
Why should people prevent them from understanding the important issues such as Islamic ethics and Islamic thought?
As you know, the enmity, which causes enmity and frightening other people, is one of the areas for cooperation in order to create this oppression and this oppression.
Now I want to ask you, why have you repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeatedly repeated policies of fear for Islam and Muslims?
Why has the hegemony of the modern world carried out an Islamic thought?
What do they do when they think of an Islamic ideology that is in line with the policies of the global powers and what do they do when they think of an Islamic ideology?
Therefore, the first requirement is to look at the reasons behind this great movement against Islam.
The second point is that when you take a look at the propaganda broadcast against Islam, you should try to identify this religion with your genuine teachings.
Therefore, it is necessary to be aware of the truths of the world of Islam. I do not say that you should know Islam or not, but I do not say that you should not let this reality deviate from the reality of the world of today in order to a bad goal.
You should not allow them to present themselves to you and your ikonic terrorists as the representatives of Islam.
Commitment to understanding Islam from its main foundations.
You should identify Islam with the Holy Quran and the life of the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.).
I would ask you, have you read the Holy Quran ever before?
Were you interested in the teachings of the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.) and his morality and brotherhood?
Do you know whether Islam is a different kind of publicity or not?
Were you interested in the idea that the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) was established and established by the Islamic Ummah as the greatest cultural and intellectual model of the world and that it educates the best intellectuals and intellectuals in the world?
I advise you not to use evil policies and slogans to avoid justice.
Currently, when media networks undermined the flag of foreign powers, they must not put themselves on the flag of foreign powers.
Each and every one of you can create a fair-minded thought on the ground.
The conflict between Islam and you dear youth is a very strange conflict, but it can create new questions in your hearts that want to identify the truths.
An effort to solve these questions will give you an opportunity to find out about the truths.
Therefore, you should not allow this opportunity to identify the truth about Islam. If this opportunity prevails through your sense of responsibility, future nations will record the history of this western behavior towards Islam without any problems.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader Appoints Dr. Ahmadinejad to Expediency Council - Khamenei.ir
In a statement, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution appointed Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the Leader of the Islamic Republic of Iran's Assembly of Experts.
The following is the full text of the orders issued on November 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the members of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dear God, Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
For many years as President of the Islamic Republic, you have made valuable efforts in this regard as well as your experience in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the shrine of Imam Ridha (a.s.) in Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and pure household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me another opportunity to meet you dear people, the dear youth, the dear people of Mashhad and the dear people of Mashhad, the dear brothers and sisters of Abul Hassan Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) and we have been blessed with this new year by the blessedness of being in the shrine of that Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
I hope that Norouz and the beginning of the new year will be an auspicious year for all of us, and I hope that this year will be an auspicious year for all Iranian people. I hope that this year will be an auspicious year for all Iranian people. I hope that this year will be an auspicious year for all Iranian people.
There are certain points that I would like to discuss with you dear brothers and sisters during the meeting.
The first point is to look at what happened to us, our people, our country and what has brought about us in the arenas of the world and the region.
The reason why we were referred to the shortcomings of the year 1390 was that the Iranian nation was mostly successful in this year because of the machinations of the enemies and the spiteful enemies against the Iranian nation.
The heads of the arrogant powers, the bullying powers, the bullying powers and their mercenaries in our region - including financial, political and propaganda powers - made use of all their power to divert the attention of the Iranian nation.
Anybody who is vigilant in the propaganda that is broadcast against the Iranian nation can clearly see that the efforts made by the Iranian nation - including economic, political, military and other such efforts - to bring the Iranian nation to its knees in the arena of progress and transcendence, are disappointed with and disappointed with the presence of the Iranian nation.
In fact, they wanted to adopt the idea that "we can" which was learnt by our magnanimous Imam (r.a.), and the Islamic Revolution did not allow us to think of "we can" from the heart of a nation and tell us that you can not do anything.
They made every effort to this goal. Last year was the year in which they made more efforts to this goal.
I would like to all understand that in spite of what they are expected, the Iranian nation has moved forward on the path that has been treated by the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the country has made progress and has made it clear to the entire world, including the enemy, that it can.
The reason why we need to look at the dimensions of the power and the achievements that have been made is to prove that the Iranian nation has made use of its power and that it has proven that it cannot.
Of course we do not have a weakness. We have a weakness. But in the future, we have made a lot of weakness in terms of our capabilities.
Therefore, the year 1390 was named after "The Year of Economic Jihad" and this year was named after "The Year of Economic Jihad".
The performance of our government officials in the arena of economic valor and the unanimity of the people over the past year are very appreciative.
One of the things that can be said in this regard is that policy-making is one of the goals and dimensions of the government.
The entire economy - both in previous governments and in the same government - is aware that these policies are fully implemented in the country. Everybody is aware of this.
In spite of the fact that the issue has been resolved in a different way, the issue has remained unprecedented because of the difficulties that exist in the country. In spite of the fact that last year the government and the Majlis prepared the most important part of the process for resolving the problems of the country for the first time.
The work that has been done by the officials of the country - both in the government and in the Majlis - has been successful. The work that has been done has been a very valuable achievement.
All of us have feelings, but it is necessary to think carefully. This is a great achievement. It is important.
One of the goals of such preparedness is to divide the dimensions of the government's plans between the people and society in a fair way.
In one response, I explained that in the past, such disagreements were distributed among different social groups in a just way. This was the case with the disagreements.
I have received comments from different social backgrounds and I suggest that this will affect the quality of the life of the disabled people in society.
This is one of the goals of preparing the law and it is the most important goal of implementing it.
The goal is to develop the production system and the economy of the country.
With the approval of economic scientists - all of them agreed on this issue - this goal can be achieved and achieved as a result of this goal. This goal can be achieved as a result of this goal.
The goal is to use the equipment in an appropriate way.
Of course we in a country that Allah the Exalted has blessed our people with oil and we suffered a lot of money to buy oil and gas.
The fact that we benefit from these blessings is more common in many countries of the world - it is possible to say that it is more common in all countries of the world.
The calculations that have been issued and the calculations that have been issued show that if the calculations have not been implemented so far, the value of the current calculations in the country will be more than the value of the current calculations.
Why should we do this when we fail to have domestic products?
That is to say, the Iranian nation should be aggressive and in the hands of the enemies and the spiteful.
However, as a result of this work, we managed to make a lot of collapse. Currently, our domestic production is far more efficient than the current production. Therefore, we do not need to make a lot of collapse.
This was what our enemies imposed on us sanctions in order to bring our nation to its knees."
But through their efforts, the youth of our nation managed to resolve the plots of the enemies."
Thanks to the efforts of the people, another important task that was carried out in the past was the task that was carried out in scientific and technological arenas.
Knowledge and technology are among the pillars of economic stability.
When a nation acquires knowledge and a modern level of knowledge, it acquires power and political capabilities. It becomes human and spiritual.
I consider this issue as very important because of the importance of scientific progress and technological progress.
There are various reports on the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the issue of the matter.
According to the reports issued by the prestigious scientific centers of the world - which were not mentioned by our scientific centers - today the most accelerated scientific progress is what is happening in the world.
Compared to the year 1390 which was publicized by the world's scientific centers in the year 1388, the Iranian nation managed to make more scientific progress than the year 1388. The Iranian nation managed to make more progress than the year 1388.
This happened at the same time when the enemies of the Iranian nation failed to deny the Iranian nation that they had imposed fragile sanctions on the Iranian nation, but the Iranian nation managed to do such a thing.
According to their report - the report that has been published in the world by scientific centers - the region is the first and the most important country in the world to scientific progress.
In the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the artistic areas, the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the artistic areas, the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the artistic areas, the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the artistic areas, the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the artistic areas, the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the artistic areas, the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the artistic areas, the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the artistic areas, and the year 1390 we managed to make progress in the artistic areas.
The 20th of Aban is what America and other Americans established in the year 1389.
It became necessary to provide weapons for our research center in Tehran because our future is bright.
They made certain shortcomings in order to avoid being uranium and they said that we should be exporting uranium to foreign countries, but we accepted this.
The officials of Brazil and Turkey met with the president of our country in a spiteful way.
The Americans gave rise to the agreement after which the agreement was imposed on, but they did not want it to be imposed on the agreement, and they want to offer up a few points to the agreement, and they want to make up for the agreement with the help of the Americans and the Americans.
Because the promises were not fulfilled by the Americans, this made the Brazilian and Turkish governments disappointed. This was the case that the 20-percent uranium was sent for.
Last year they produced 20-percent nuclear weaponry in order to benefit from the Tehran nuclear system and they made it known to the world.
Although they know that the Islamic Republic of Tehran is at the service of publicity - that is to say, it is necessary to satisfy the needs of the people, to carry out research and to demand the needs of thousands of people, it is necessary to satisfy the needs of the people.
It has been achieved by our youth.
It is difficult to these goals, but the task that has been carried out in Tehran is difficult and difficult, and different kinds of production are being carried out in the present time.
This was the year 1390 (the year 1390).
Of course, when there is a mention of domestic uranium exchanges, they say that you do not want to use Iranian uranium as much as you do, and they say that you do not want to use Iranian uranium as much as you do, and they say that you do not want to use it as much as you do, and they say that you do not want to use it as much as you do, and they say that you do not want to use it as much as you do.
This was the case in the year 1390.
The modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, the modern generation of agricultural products, and the modern generation of agricultural products.
These are some aspects to the achievements of the year 1394 (The Year of Economic Jihad).
These are scientific progress, scientific progress and scientific power, but all of them affect the economy of the country.
At the end of the year 1390 - that is to say, I entered the arena of industrial research.
There have been numerous scientific achievements in different areas, which are also significant in certain areas. One can say that this is not just the case in which this progress has been made. There are certain things that our nation has not seen so much in recent years or even in recent years.
Primarily it is the spirit and the jihad of the people who are in charge of this issue.
These intellectuals engage in a jihad with the spirit of jihad. Just like those who engage in jihad, they are also involved in jihad for the sake of God.
It is different to those who act for the sake of money, position, martyrdom or knowledge and those who act for the sake of God for the sake of jihad.
This is a very valuable and important thing.
The second advantage is that our outstanding personalities have turned the sanctions that were imposed on our nation into opportunities.
Some people showed that we are thankful to Allah the Exalted who imposed sanctions on us.
The spirit of sense that the sanctions which have been imposed on us by the enemies is very valuable and important.
The third advantage that I have seen in this meeting is the greatness of my trust.
There are few intellectual aspects in some of the three and four countries. No one should have such a position.
For many years, our country has been in need of the teachings of the women of the battlefields and these difficult and complicated duties.
But when we see those who are working hard, they say they can.
This strong trust among nations and intellectuals and youth is very valuable.
A characteristic is the faith of the youth.
This is in the hands of the youth.
Our youth are the brilliant source of innovation.
Another characteristic is the relationship between industry and universities, which I would like to expect very much.
I have always advised different officials in charge of relations with the previous government that they should try to strengthen the relations between industry and universities.
Fortunately, such relations have been established there and there.
Of course, even if this involves everywhere, even if all of our intellectuals and academies are involved, this will encourage us to acquire scientific progress as well as our intellectuals.
This is an economic aspect that existed in the year 1390: the enemies used to make threats since the beginning to the end of the year. They used to make threats, political pressures, and sanctions.
Currently, the puppets of the US regime are trying throughout the world to impose sanctions on the Iranian nation and create a rift between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
There were other great achievements made in the year 1390 as well as the diplomatic work that was carried out in the region in the year 1390 as well.
Participating in the ceremonies of Islamic Awakening, Palestine, weapons, international organizations without terrorism, youth and Islamic Awakening - these are all among the things that have been done in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic of Iran is the center of the attention of the world of Islam, which has been awakened today.
In the arena of economic services, thousands of homes were built and they were helpful for the people.
This is a great and sensitive assembly. House builds in mountains and streets with lofty ideals.
These are the things that have been created during the decades of justice.
In spite of the plots of the enemies and their spiteful enemies, the Iranian nation has been resisting, making progress and making progress as much as possible.
Of course you should know that the elections are not yet complete. I hope the people will start their elections in the first round of the elections.
This election is very important.
I would tell you that over the past few months the soldiers were trying to kill the pilgrims of the Iranian nation in order to prevent them from going to the battlefields.
They used to say that there would be a lot of money in the country. They used to say that if the people went to the ballot boxes, the enemy's opposition to the Iranian nation would be diminished. They used to promote the ballot boxes in order to stop voting.
On the one hand, the goal of killing our outstanding personalities - who have committed three such crimes in a country as well - is to capture our people and punish them.
For many years, the presence of the people during the presidential elections was not more than 40, and the presence of the people in the parliamentary elections was more than 60.
You should compare these with the Iranian nation. You should see that the people are different from these things. At that time the importance of these things will be clarified.
Through such pressures, such logic, such threats, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows, such rows
This election was a source of sincerity and power for mass media.
They used to scare off the issues of Iran, to promote false propaganda against Iran and to hide the realities, but it was not possible to deny this election.
This happened in the eyes of the people.
This election was like a powerful media source which managed to reveal the truths of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to other nations in the world.
This was what happened in the year 1390: the year in which the enemies made their utmost efforts to defeat the Iranian nation.
These are some of the achievements of the Iranian nation in the year 1390.
Since the issue of nuclear was introduced, the enemy has always thought of it.
Of course, they know and they say that Iran does not want to use atomic weapons.
This is the truth. We do not want to use atomic weapons for any reason. We do not want to use atomic weapons, and they do not want to use atomic weapons, and they know it as something that they want to do. Sometimes they take advantage of this, sometimes they speak about human rights, sometimes they speak about domestic issues, but these are all the things that they want to do.
What is the essence?
The main point is the resistance of the Islamic Republic against the greatness of its power.
Just like economic regulations, social policies, scientific and military regulations, the future is dependent on oil and petroleum.
In the modern world, there will be a need for a gas brilliant. Everybody has accepted this.
The arrogant powers know that their rows are dependent on oil and gas.
That is to say, it is necessary to be vigilant in order to be able to deal with the problems that exist in the world. This is how western powers create obstacles in the arena of blessings, and these problems are increasing on a daily basis.
The oil resources of certain European and western countries will be safeguarded for more than four years and they will be safeguarded for more than a few years. Therefore, they should benefit from the benefits of certain European and western countries.
The entire country of America that is living with 30 billion people will be sapled by the calculations that were made by our outstanding personalities - and this is based on the calculations that were created by the Americans - by the year 2021, that is to say, the future will be.
At that time, they would depend on the oil that originates from the Persian Gulf, and it originates from this region more than 50 percent of the world.
At that time, they would depend on the one-way oil products of our regional and international waters, which is one of the products of Iran. I will explain what the country is.
Between all the countries of the world - not just in the Persian Gulf - the country that has a large number of oil and gas exports is the Islamic Republic of Iran.
We have gained a lot of oil and we have gained a lot of oil.
As for the benefit of the gas, we are the second most important country in the world - the first, the second, the fourth, the fourth, the fourth, the fourth, the fourth, the fourth, the fourth, the fourth, the fourth, the fourth, the fourth, and the fourth.
And this is an excuse for the countries that benefit from the oil and natural resources of the arrogant powers whose rows are full of weapons, oil and gas.
It is up to ten years now that the Islamic Republic of Iran is alive. It is up to ten years now that it is alive.
Why do the arrogant powers want a country that is occupied with oil and gas plants?
They want this country to be controlled by a government and a system that is like a bullying in the hands of some regional countries. These countries have oil and many other countries, but they want it to be like a bullying in the hands of the Americans: they say that you will have a lot of problems with them, but they say that you will have a lot of problems with them.
If a petroleum-rich and gas-rich government establishes a system in the country which is resisting in the face of these wealth and approves of the policies of the enemy, it will enmity the government.
Those who think that if we take back the nuclear issue, America will halt our enmity - they have ignored these truths.
The problem with these people is not a nuclear issue.
Nuclear powers exist in our region, but they do not depend on them.
Therefore, this is not the issue of nuclear weapons or nuclear weapons and this is not the issue of human rights.
The problem with the Islamic Republic is that it has stood up against them like a war.
If the Islamic Republic had been prepared to trace its people like some other regional countries, it would not have to do so.
This is the reason why they are opposed to the Iranian nation.
Of course the Americans are making a mistake.
It is a big mistake to think that they can impose threats on the Islamic Republic backwardness or that they can defeat the Islamic Republic from the arena of action.
Westerners did not allow their nations to realize how dangerous they were in the battlefields.
They do not want their nations to understand what their oil and petroleum is doing. They do not want their nations to speak about these things.
They thought that the Iranian nation would be able to carry out its activities through enmity. They thought that it would not be able to do so.
Dear brothers and sisters, dear people of Iran, I would like to tell you that America is in weakness today, with all its capabilities, with all the uprisings that it has caused.
I am not really interested in creating intelligence services or certain special news. What I am saying is one that is clear like the two calculations of the 24th of Aban.
You should consider that the current US President has been captured by the slogan of "transforming the government".
What does change mean?
That is to say, we are in a very bad situation. But I want to change that situation.
The slogan would come to the arena and the people would not vote for the slogan. Otherwise the people of America would not be prepared to vote for anybody because of their hopes. But they would not vote for the slogan because of their hopes.
The effect of this change in the society is indicative of their weakness. That is to say, the situation of the U.S. When this change is definite and as the people of America have proven it, the situation of the U.S. is definite and it promises to make them change.
Therefore, it was announced that the situation was better than anything else.
I do not want to speak about this issue. The Americans themselves showed that their situation is better than its current situation.
Did this change? Did this change?
Can this astonishing situation be changed?
This combination is identical to what we are producing inside the country.
This is a great problem for a country.
This is the policy that is related to them: they have not been allowed to enter Iraq without any problems. In Afghanistan, the situation will be increasing on a daily basis.
In Muslim countries, Egypt, North Africa and Tunisia, the American reputation has been undermined.
In addition to all these things, as well as the Wall Street movement that happened in America.
Is this a good situation?
Therefore, America is faced with serious problems.
It is possible for America to threatens certain countries. It is possible for other nations to do so.
I would like to announce that we will not have atomic weapons and that we will not have atomic weapons, but in order to defend ourselves against any kind of enemy in our country - including America or the Zionist regime - we will resort to them and attack the enemy in the same way.
The Holy Quran says, "As for the unbelievers, as for you, as for the unbelievers, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as for their families, as
Surely the path of Allah will not be changed unto the path of Allah. [The Holy Quran, 48: 22-23]
In the Holy Quran, nobody says that if you fight a war or fight a war, you will victory. You may victory. You may be defeated - just as it did in the early years of Islam, when Muslims had attacked and when they were defeated in some places.
He has promised that when the enemies attack you, they will definitely be defeated.
This should not be thought of Islamic principles. No, "God's path will not be changed by Allah the Exalted" is a divine call.
The Iranian nation is determined to fight against all its characteristics. It does not mean that it is aggressive, but it is related to its identity, dignity, Islam, Islamic Republic and all its power.
That is to say, you cooperate with Iranian labor and production. You cooperate with the Iranian nation's capital and production. You cooperate with Iranian labor and production.
The wrong and misguided tradition of using domestic products is harmful for our world and it is harmful for our progress and for our future.
Everybody is responsible in this regard and we should support and strengthen our national production.
Today our government officials have a source of wealth and they can use it as a source of national production.
The same is true of the people - both the capitalists and the people who have the power to work - who should join hands in order to work hard.
You should be aware of the importance of domestic products.
It is not a source of pride and it is wrong to use good domestic products as well as our domestic products.
I have heard that some of the products that are produced in some production centers of the country should be labeled as foreign production centers.
Of course it is possible to find a place where we are located and where we are located and where we are located and where we want to find a place where we are located and where we want to find a place where we want to find a place where we want to find a place where we want to find a place where we want to find a place where we want to find a place where we want to find a place where we want to find a place where we want to find a place where we want to find a place.
Production of domestic products is very important.
In the area of production, the major portion of the work is being done by the people. This is part of the research which has been done in the country during the past two decades, and it is part of the jihad of the Iranian nation's economy in the past year.
Dear brothers and sisters, today we need cooperation.
There are a lot of things that create discord.
Sometimes, the opinion of the two individuals is different in one way or another, but this should not be a source of discord.
Sometimes one may have this problem and another person may have this problem and this problem should not be problematic.
The Holy Quran teaches us, "You should not resist, but your worship will go away." [The Holy Quran, 8: 46] If we resist in various political, economic and human matters, our enemies will be able to fight against them.
The increased presence of our enemies in recent years was the result of discord among us.
The Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) teaches us and says, "Whoever is after the truth and is wrong, does not like the one who is after the truth and is wrong."
If the opposing camp is after the truth, if it is after the Islamic Republic, if it is after the Revolution, if it is after religion and if it is after God, it is wrong. It should not be continued.
He is different from those who are opposed to the Islamic Republic and who are opposed to the Islamic Republic.
Dear guests, your behavior towards one another is sympathy and sympathy. Unfortunately, the current media and Internet media did not allow the people to make malevolence about one another.
The essence is that we should feel like we should follow an Islamic model. We should respect the law.
However, some people refused to insult and insult our revolutionary youth as long as they could have behaved in a controversial way.
No, I believe that all the active, pious and active youth of the country are the children and I support them. I support the pious and revolutionary youth. But I ask everybody to follow an example of Islamic behavior: respect the law.
Everybody should respect the law.
The Revolution is within the framework of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the Iranian officials.
The Majlis that respects the shortcomings of the Majlis is the Majlis that respects the shortcomings of the government and the chairman of the country. They should cooperate with each other with cooperation.
This does not mean that all of them are one's intellectuals.
By Allah's favor, the year 1391 begins from today and is one of the happy years for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, help our dear youth and our dear people move towards the peaks.
Dear God, punish and suppress the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us, and make us benefit from his prayers.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the shrine of Imam Ridha (a.s.) in Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and blessings and greetings be upon the Master of the creatures, Muhammad al-Mustafa and his immaculate family and his chosen companions.
Greetings be upon the Imam of the Age (a.s.). Greetings be upon the Imam of the Age (a.s.).
I would like to extend my congratulations to all the dear brothers and sisters who have attended this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will guide our hearts and souls towards His blessings.
I know that in the holy day of Norouz, I have been witness to the issues of the country and I have been witness to them. I know that in the holy day of Norouz, I have been witness to you and I have been witness to the issues of the country and I have seen what will happen in the future.
Dear brothers and sisters, you should know that we Iranian people do not allow us to pay attention to our affairs and pay attention to them. There are other people who are following up our responsibilities, lay down our laws and act on the issues that are related to us.
Certain nations benefit from our experiences. They pay attention to the situation of the Iranian nation and they enjoy our successes.
If we victory, they will feel that they have been victorious. And if certain things happen, they will feel infallible.
Similarly, there are some people in the world who are moving forward in the direction of our work, but they are different from the direction of our work.
They are expected to be wicked for the Iranian nation.
They used to address the issues of the country in a general sense of the word and they used to address the issues of the country in a general sense of the word.
The Islamic Revolution took away its hands.
Therefore, they are opposed to the Revolution.
Therefore, we need to pay attention to a large number of human beings.
Therefore, when we look at our work, our plans and our plans, our view of labor should be genuine and correct.
Some of us do not consider the weakness of our country when they look at the situation.
They do not see anything except infiltration, lack of domestic production and the enemy's pressure.
I have a different view of labor.
When I take a look at the conditions of our country and our people, I see that there is a clear and oppressive arena in the country, but the Iranian nation has been successful in this arena despite the enmity of its enemies.
There are certain shortcomings and these problems. There are certain disagreements among the events that happen in the country. Some of the superpowers who are working for the Iranian nation are themselves saying this.
They used to say that we wanted to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic. They used to say that we wanted to impose sanctions on America.
They announced this clearly. But I will explain what they did and what they were doing in the future.
Therefore, on the one hand, there are great achievements that show the power and capabilities of the great Iranian nation.
When one looks at this level of performance, it is like the level of performance in sports, but one level of performance makes the people happy to win and make others feel proud of their performance.
The Iranian nation is the champion in this vast arena which is ahead of us.
Those who look at this arena and their research appropriately - they will appreciate the Iranian nation. Just as we feel today, we hear about this great appreciation from the people of the world, especially from those of the countries that are opposed to the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, outstanding personalities and those who know where the world is moving forward and they appreciate the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to pay attention to all the efforts made throughout the country and to the results that will be achieved in this regard.
Who are these people?
I will briefly speak about this issue later on.
The unpardonable enemies of the Iranian nation have two main plans in all areas. First, they will make as many efforts as they can so that the Iranian nation fails to such progress.
Those who are doing these things will be thwarted only through sanctions, threats, interference in the service of government officials and certain other activities behind the scene and eliminating intellectual and intellectual ideas of the people and outstanding personalities of Iran from important things. That is to say, they will prevent us from making valuable achievements. The second point is that they should refuse to have up until the end of their studies.
[The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 25] In his speech, the US President referred to the economic problems of the country and the achievements of the country.
He said that there are many economic problems in the country.
And I do not mention the good achievements made in the country as well as the great achievements made by the Iranian nation. For more than three decades, we have been faced with such confrontations - which I will briefly describe as the achievements of the past three decades - and they have not prevented our nation from living under the flag of Islam.
Last year, the year 1391 was one of the days when our enemies used to engage in enmity.
They said that we want to collapse the Iranian nation with them through sanctions.
This is because if the Islamic Republic stands on the path of resistance, prosperity and progress, its honor will be minimized.
Therefore, if they are able to do so, they should not do so. If they are not able to do so, they should try to resolve this issue through their media and propaganda efforts.
Today these two moves are being carried out in the hands of the enemies: trying to prevent these moves through pressures, threats, sanctions and many other things, but also through their propaganda methods, thwarting the achievements and removing the problems from them.
As I said, there are some enemies.
Who are these enemies?
What is the essence of this plot which is being planned for the Iranian nation?
But answering these questions is not difficult.
Today the hearts and minds of the Iranian nation have been referred to the US government over the past 30 years.
It would be appropriate for American officials to realize that over the past 30 years the Iranian nation has seen a number of things that have turned their heads into the enemy and America.
This is an important point which every honorable government in the world should pay attention to.
They are the center of such machinations.
Of course, there are other enemies as well, but you do not see them as the pioneering enemies.
The Zionist regime is also an enemy, but the Zionist regime is not one of the enemies of the Iranian nation.
Sometimes the Zionist regime threatens us with threats and threatens us with military attacks. But in my opinion, they know that if they do not know, they should know that the Islamic Republic will destroy the "Telavi" and "Haifa" if they do not know.
The corrupt British government is even harming the Iranian nation.
England is one of the most vulnerable enemies of the Iranian nation. The British government is the mercenary of America.
The British government does not have its freedom. One should consider it as its evil enemy. "America is the embassy of America.
There are certain governments that show enmity.
I would like to raise that the recent years the officials of the French government have revealed their enmity to the people of Iran. The same is true of the officials of the Faras.
A reasonable person, especially a policy-maker who knows what to do, should not turn him into the enemy and the enemy.
We did not have any problems with the government and France, and we did not have any problems with them throughout history. But this wrong policy was carried out during the Sarkozy era and the current government was continuing its problems.
We believe that this is a mistake: lack of reason and lack of reasoning.
When they speak, the Americans say they "the world of power", they name certain countries as "the world of power", including America, their Zionist mercenaries, the British government and certain other governments.
Today we want to look at the year 1391 and we should know that the Americans have started making their new plot since the beginning of the year 1391.
Since the beginning of the year 1391, severe sanctions have been imposed on the Iranian nation - oil sanctions, bank sanctions and exchanging money between the Islamic Republic and other countries - which have made many achievements in this regard.
They are opposed to enmity, but they expect the Iranian nation to fail to realize that they are the enemy.
A few years ago in this meeting, in a meeting with Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Reza, I said that you should be careful not to show your sympathy as an insane sign and that you should show your friendship, but you will be harmful.
The US government ordered certain people to speak with the people of the world, to go to these countries and to negotiate with the heads of companies in order to prevent them from establishing a close relationship with the Islamic Republic with economic matters.
And they will punish them if they establish a monetary and oil relation with the Islamic Republic.
They started this since the beginning of the year 1391, especially since the month of Mordad.
I have said in the past as well that the Americans are happy to say that I have proven that sanctions are effective. No, it will not say that sanctions are not effective.
Our economy is faced with the problem that it relies on oil.
We should separate our economy from a dependence on oil. Our governments should make efforts in this regard.
About ten years ago, I asked the government to create a system that could close our government to whenever we wanted.
At that time, some people called themselves "wretched" and asked, "Who is this possible?"
Yes, it is necessary to move forward in a plan.
When the economy of a country is affected by a particular area, the enemies will make efforts to this area.
Sanctions are effective, but they are not the kind of influence that the enemy wants.
In the political arena as well, the enemies made their utmost efforts in order to turn Islamic Iran into a silver and enlightened country as they did in the year 1391.
Everybody should make a look at the Islamic Republic of Iran. They should not allow the Islamic Republic of Iran to influence and spread its policies in the region and in other parts of the world.
This was different from what they expected.
Among the people of the world, the Organization of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps has suffered two decades. The heads of the countries and the esteemed officials of the Organization have gathered in Tehran.
Both of them respect the Iranian nation.
They used to address this issue, and they used to address this issue in the media, and their people used to address this issue after they returned to the country.
That is to say, the opposite of what the enemies of the Iranian nation want.
They are not able to affect it.
In the arena of domestic policies, the purpose behind imposing sanctions is to raise doubts in the hearts of the Iranian people about their movement. They create discord between the people and the Islamic Republic.
The Iranian nation broke its hopes on the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Revolution on the 22nd of Bahman.
In the arena of security, they have made their utmost efforts to ruin the fate of the country, and government officials have made it clear to all these things in their interviews with the media.
In the political arena of the region as well, the Islamic Republic has been thwarting its influence.
In the political arena of the region, they have proven that there is no solution for any regional problems without the Iranian presence or approval.
On the issue of the Zionist regime that came to Gaza, this presence in the arena led to the Zionists' defeat in the hands of the Palestinian revolutionaries. They used to say what they were doing.
They said - not what I have said - that if the Palestinian resistance does not manage to stand up against Israel without the sake of the Islamic Republic's presence and its power, it will not be able to stand up against Israel without the sake of corruption.
Because the Palestinians managed to bring the Zionist regime to its knees during the past few days.
As I said, our efforts will not be effective, but they will have a lot of achievements in the first round.
That is to say, the sanctions on the Iranian nation have been imposed on the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation. These things would not have happened if they were not imposed on the Iranian nation.
Our youth and adolescents managed to fail to impose sanctions because they failed. In the area of construction work, which I will explain briefly later on, the year 1391 was more advanced than the previous year, and it can be said that the year 1391 was the same year that the year 1391 was.
Many advanced projects have been made in the country - in the area of construction, in the area of energy, in the area of renewing oil products, in the area of renewing uranium products, in the area of modernization of power plants, in the area of modernization of power plants, in the area of modernization of power plants, in the area of modernization of power plants, in the area of modernization of power plants and in the area of modernization of power plants.
We have made prominent scientific progress in the year 1391.
In scientific and technological arenas, last year a large number of achievements were made so that those who believe in the future of the people are happy.
That is to say, in the year that they were looking for the Iranian nation, our dear youth and outstanding personalities transferred the mouth of Nahid to the battlefields. They transferred the mouth of Peshgam to the battlefields.
When he is returned to the battlefield and he is healthy, knowledgeable personalities of the world first changed his knowledge to the reason why he was an astonishing person.
But later on, when he clearly said to everybody, they did not find a way to accept it.
In the area of health and medical treatment, great duties have been made which are related to the hearts of the people.
In the arena of artistic teachings, we were one in the region.
Great achievements have been made and a few innovations have been made.
All these things have been done in the year that has been guaranteed by the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation in order to live a good life with human success.
This year, we have been a pioneer in many important scientific areas.
In the arena of scientific and technological competitions, the country was thirty times more outstanding compared to last year.
Students were ranked 20 percent more than the beginning of the Revolution in the year 1391.
That is to say, the number of our academic students who entered the arena of academic studies last year was more than 20 times more.
These are the great achievements that the Iranian nation has made.
In the area of the sea and the conditions, in the area of raw materials, innovative weapons, in the area of raw materials and in the area of nuclear weapons, the country managed to make great achievements.
This is the year when the enemies of the Iranian nation made their utmost efforts to bring the Iranian nation to its knees.
There are great lessons from the events of the year 1391.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that what is important for a nation is relying on its power, reliance on Allah the Exalted, reliance on Iran and lack of reliance on its enemies.
That is the case in the future.
The year 1391 was an area of tests.
Of course, we know how weak we are. This is the characteristic of the test.
During the military preparedness, the Army should identify the strengths and weaknesses that they have in mind.
We know how weak we are.
And this weakness originates from our self-confidence - which I described previously as one of our weaknesses - in the absence of policies, economic matters, ethics, and current practices.
The officials in charge - the officials who are currently in charge of presidential elections and the officials who will come after the presidential elections that will be held in this year - should pay attention to this point.
Another great lesson that we have learned is that the bloodthirsty base of the country is a powerful base.
When a brake is strong, the plots of the enemies will not have a great influence.
If the honorable government officials and the powerful base of power identify their responsibilities and fulfill their responsibilities in the best possible way, they will be able to turn all kinds of threats into opportunities. As the year 1391, we have turned the enemy threats into opportunities that are available to us.
By Allah's favor, the effect of the government officials and the people will be promoted in the year 1391.
Of course, the economy is an important issue which has been mentioned in the past, but the economy is not just an important issue. Security of the country is also important, the morality of the people is important, and scientific progress is important.
Therefore, if scientific progress is made in the country, other things will be thwarted.
National dignity is also important. The lack of vigilance and insult to a nation is important. The effect of regional matters on a nation and a country is a guardian of the independence and security of that country.
We have made progress in all these areas.
On the issue of security, on the issue of health, on the issue of international influence and on the issue of resolving different problems in the country.
Through such progress, our nation has proven that failure to be under American immunity does not mean backwardness. This is an important point.
In general America wants to show all people in the world that if you want to live a good life and make progress, you should be among the people who want to live a good life and make progress.
The Iranian nation has proven that this is a lie.
Our nation has proven that lack of dependence on America and other powers will not only make progress, but it is also moving forward.
There are certain countries that dominate America.
You should consider how the Islamic Republic has acted in the past thirty years. The Islamic Republic has acted in the past thirty years.
Anybody who is briefly aware that lack of dependence on the powers is an opportunity for a nation and it is not a threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation has managed to benefit from this opportunity thanks to its power, courage and wisdom.
We used to do this in the past, and we saw its success.
One example is the issue of the 20-percent nuclear power plant in the area that the Tehran's research system is looking for and the issue of the most important nuclear power plant in the country is.
This low-ranking economy needs 20-percent power plants, which we currently need to manufacture from outside the country.
They should focus their attention on national needs and they should force the Islamic Republic to respond to their statements and demands.
But before it came to a position that could be problematic, our youth and outstanding personalities managed to give rise to the desired situation of the Islamic Republic's Guards Corps.
That is to say, it is impossible to do whatever is opposed to us.
But at that time our government officials identified the needs, made efforts and strengthened our national defense. We managed to do so.
The Islamic Republic announces that we have prepared the Islamic Republic for this power, but it does not need you.
If our intellectuals and youth did not do these things, then today we will raise the needs of those who are opposed to us and ask them how to identify the needs of the people and ask them how to identify the needs of the people and ask them how to identify the needs.
The politicians of the country noticed this, and they realized that they should do what they were doing.
It is necessary for the Iranian government, intellectuals, intellectuals, intellectuals and intellectuals to carry out this great and accurate responsibility in all affairs of the country. It is necessary for the Iranian government, intellectuals, intellectuals, intellectuals, intellectuals, and intellectuals to carry out this great and accurate responsibility in the country.
The articles that will be written down should be in this regard. If scientific research is done, it should be in this regard.
If they want to engage in industrial and scientific work, all of them should be in this regard.
The duty of all of us is to make efforts in order to build a country that cannot be inflicted on the enemies.
This is one of the most advanced economies of resistance.
In the economy of resistance, one of the essential elements is to keep the economy resistant against all threats.
The economy should stand up against threats. It should be able to face whatever is possible from the plots of the enemies.
This is the first point that I should tell you.
The second point is that the Americans used to address them in different ways. They used to tell us that we should negotiate about nuclear issues. They used to address them in different ways.
Certain American officials and agents said that they should join the arena of the 5+1 nuclear negotiations, and that America and the Islamic Republic should join the arena of nuclear negotiations. "I do not have any hope for negotiations."
Why?
Our experience shows that negotiating with America does not mean that we should stay there and find an appropriate option for it. This does not mean that we should negotiate.
What they mean is to talk to us and speak to us in order to believe what we say.
Therefore, we have always announced that this is not a negotiate.
I do not believe in what they say, but I do not believe in it.
There are some points that we should pay attention to:
The first point is that the recent Americans used to tell us that we do not want to create an Islamic government. They used to say that we do not want to create an Islamic government.
Our issue is that we do not want you to promote the Islamic system, rather you do not want us to promote the Islamic system.
That is to say, you will not be able to do anything in the future if you had the intention of affiliating you to the Islamic Republic.
The second point is that the Americans have announced that we are honest with the issue of negotiations.
That is to say, we really want to negotiate with you and we want to negotiate with you in a conscious way.
I reiterated: "We have repeatedly said to you that we do not want to use destructive weapons, but you said that we do not believe.
Will we accept what you said for a reason?
When you are not prepared to accept a righteous and righteous statement, why should we accept your statements which have been repeatedly revealed to you?
Our knowledge of the negotiating ceremonies that were delivered by the Americans was a source of deception and deception for the people of the world and for our people.
You should prove that this is not the case.
Can it be ensured?
One of the issues that I would like to discuss is that some people from the Leader spoke with the Americans on a daily basis.
This is an element of propaganda, and it is a great lie.
The Leader has not discussed any issues with them so far.
The third point is that because of our experience and our position on the scene, what we know is that America has not wanted to stop nuclear negotiations.
The Americans do not want to start a nuclear negotiation and resolve the issue. Otherwise, if they want to create an end to resolve the issue, the issue will be resolved.
On the issue of the nuclear issue, what Iran wants is the world that has only accepted its right to consign uranium, which is a right.
Materialistic powers admit that the Iranian nation has the right to receive uranium from its own country in order to health.
Is this great hope? We have always said that this is the case.
They said that we are expecting you to start a nuclear attack.
They are the countries that I have familiar with their name in the past. They name themselves as countries of the world.
They used to say that 'the world' is in danger.
No, countries of the world are not in a different way.
The major portion of the world is supporting the Islamic Republic and our needs. They have acted like this because of the needs of the Iranian nation.
They will accept the right of Iran to enter the arena of rendering services, and they will be able to fulfill the laws and regulations on the world's nuclear power.
When we look at the solution of the issue, the Americans create a solution that will prevent the solution of the issue.
As we know, the main purpose is to pursue this issue in order to be able to take the pressure.
As they used to say, these pressures are great for the Iranian nation and they cannot naturally manage to manage the Iranian nation.
The fourth and last point in this regard is that if the Americans really want to put an end to this issue, I will give them a solution.
The following is the full text of the message: "The Americans should put an end to the enmity of the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation."
If they want to remove the obstacles that exist among us - as they say, we want to avoid any problems between Iran and America - they want to remove their enmity from us.
For more than three decades, different American governments have planned the plots and the plans to defeat the Iranian nation due to their failure in understanding.
Since the first year after the victory of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic government, they have shown enmity to us.
In the arena of security, they designed plans to harm our security. They created enmity. They destroyed the wealth of our country. They supported the wealth of our enemies for many years. They created plans to harm our economy. They made use of all their power to harm our nation.
Therefore, I advise American officials: if they want a righteous way to go, the right way is to develop policies, reform their duties and thwart their enmity towards the Iranian nation. This is the end of this issue.
There is another issue which should always be mentioned in: the issue of elections is very important.
Elections in our country are the manifestation of political valor.
Elections are the manifestation of political dynamism. They are the manifestation of the power of the Islamic Republic. They are the manifestation of the power of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is in the presence of the people and the influence of individuals during the elections.
Elections are the symbol of national willpower and Islamic democracy.
Therefore, considering the importance of elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation have constantly been trying to create chaos in the Iranian elections.
They have designed plans to prevent the people from participating in the elections, to ruin their bodies and to make them feel despair.
As long as we are running for elections - whether elections for the council or elections for the chairman of the country - our enemies have constantly tried to keep the elections unacceptable. This is because of the importance of elections.
I would like to discuss a few points before the election. There were two months and a few months before the election.
Now I will mention a few points.
The first point that the people should take in the elections is that the presence of the people and their identity in the elections is very important.
The presence of the people during the elections can reduce the influence of the enemies’ threats. It can make the enemies kind and safeguard the security of the country.
The people throughout the country should know that their prominent presence in the elections will affect the future of the country - including security, freedom, security of the country, economy and all important issues of the country.
This is the first point. That is to say, by Allah's grace, assistance and determination of the Iranian nation, the election will be an extraordinary election for the people of Iran.
The second point is that all the congregations and groups that believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is the right of everybody and it is a responsibility for everybody.
Elections are not limited to a particular group or a particular political group.
Those who believe in the Islamic Republic and the freedom of this country and care about the future of this country and the people's progress should participate in this election.
Elections are against those who are opposed to the Islamic system.
The third point is that the right to vote is the determining factor.
It is you who should conduct an analysis of the candidates who have voted for the elections.
I do not have the obligation to go after the hajj.
Like anybody else, I have been voting for the first time and no one knows who I will be voting for the first time.
It is possible to identify the people who are voting for the parliamentary elections and when they are voting for the parliamentary elections, they enter which of them they have voted for.
If somebody says this, he is not truth.
Of course, these days and the widespread media - such as daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, daily prayers, and daily prayers.
One person can send thousands of messages to him.
It was announced that it would be possible to receive millions of such messages in the days of elections.
You should be careful not to affect these events.
Of course, anybody or any political group can attract the attention of other people, but nobody will hear about this issue from me.
In any case, the people can show and help one another to identify the best they can.
Of course, the standard is to evaluate the people.
The fourth point is that in elections and non-election issues everybody should follow the law.
What happened in the year 1388 - which caused harm and harm for the country - was all because of the lack of respect for the people and their lack of respect for the people.
The people may pay attention to what I want, but I deem it necessary to appreciate it.
It is necessary to appreciate what a majority of people deserve.
It is necessary to appreciate this legislative framework.
As happened in the year 1388, let us attract the people to the battlefields only because what we wanted was one of the mistakes that could not be complacent about.
This will be a lesson for the Iranian nation.
The final point is that everybody should know that what we need from the chairperson of the country is the most good and the most weakness of the country.
Everybody should know that the president should always have the right to do what the president wants, but he should not have the right to do what he wants.
Everybody has its dimensions of power.
The heads of the country - who are now and who will be ahead - have a strong and weak aspect.
The existing chairperson should have the dimensions that are described today as the part of the government and the chairperson of the country.
That is to say, in our governments, the people who are moving forward should move towards one another's progress and success.
Those who are prepared to enter this arena should make use of all their power, relying on God and relying on the capabilities of this nation.
Dear God, make not this nation benefit from good things.
Dear God, make the holy day of the Imam of the Age happy for all of us.
Dear God, make the holy soul of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and our martyrs happy.
Try to accept what We have said to you and your path.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with a group of economic and government officials and officials in charge of economic matters.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to welcome the dear brothers and the esteemed people who are working for different sectors of the economy of the country.
On a certain level, today's meeting is indicative of the importance of the Islamic system as much as economic matters in such a sensitive and sensitive part of the world, the region and the country.
One day in the month of Ramadan, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, the executive taghuti, and the
This is the first element, and it has been proven.
This is a message to everybody - both the government officials in the area of economic matters and the executive officials in the area of economic matters and the people who should pay attention to the issue of economic matters today.
The second element, which was prepared for this meeting, and thankfully the second element, is not enough for those who are not officials to present a report on the realities of the country, the progress of the country and the accelerated movement of the country to the people.
I am not saying that we have always been telling the people of this country how much progress we have made. Everybody knows what we have made. I believe that we should speak about the achievements together with the presence of the people. But what I deem important today is that the people of this country should appreciate the results of their efforts, efforts by the officials and different kinds of blessings that exist in the country.
I would tell you that I am in contact with the people and that people do not pay attention to these advances.
Thankfully, the things that you said today about different areas - which I have written down in different texts and which will be written down in different ways - will often be ignored by the people.
Great achievements are being made in the country and this is a source of pride for the Iranian nation.
This is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made good achievements in the area of production, service, agricultural, industrial and scientific areas. We have made good achievements in the area of production.
It is appropriate for the people to hear this from different governmental and non-governmental officials. This will increase the motivation and enthusiasm of the people.
We should all appreciate that today killing the people is one of the ways for killing the enemies of the Iranian nation. I deem it necessary to pay attention to this point.
What we should say should not be deceived by hope and determination.
It is necessary to consider that we have made progress.
The first point is that we have named the year 1390 as "The Year of Economic Jihad".
The policy of the arrogant powers is to undermine the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in the economic arena.
This is a mistake. The issue of nuclear energy is not the reason why there are nuclear sanctions.
Of course you remember that when they imposed the great sanctions - which were the beginning of their sanctions - they had no nuclear issue in the country at that time.
Of course it was not a very important sanction, but it was still the name of a so-called "Amato" sanction - which was sanctioned by a low-ranking man who introduced it into the parliament of the United States - that was a very short time of a nuclear sanction.
The purpose of sanctions is to raise an economy.
But I am proud that the Iranian nation has entered the arena of imposing sanctions for 32 years.
Of course sanctions have been imposed in the recent years, but these sanctions have not been imposed at all due to the progress of different construction projects in the country. Thirty years after the imposed sanctions have been imposed, our governmental sanctions have already reduced the amount of sanctions that we have imposed today and which we have promised continuing.
It is necessary to identify the enemies against us, to identify the weapons and tools that they use, and to prepare the weapons against them.
This necessitates economic jihad.
Every movement is called jihad.
A characteristic of a movement is called jihad.
The movement against this envious effort is one of the essential requirements of jihad.
This movement called jihad.
Therefore, economic jihad means that there is a constant movement which has been carried out by the Iranian nation with the purpose of defeating the enemy's enmity.
Another point is that we have prepared the country for progress - which is a very important pillar of progress.
Of course other nations do not allow us to be the first, yet they are moving forward.
Of course we do not have the right to use the methods we have used, and we will not have the right to use them. We are treading the right path in the best way, but we believe that this initial step will be achieved if we change the speed of our job.
Therefore, this requires jihad.
We should make efforts so that we can reach the first point.
No, the future of nations is dependent on this issue today.
If a country fails to its needs and progress in terms of knowledge and economic matters, it will continue its oppression in the absence of compassion.
We do not want to oppress ourselves.
During the past two decades, our country has been faced with injustice.
The weakness of the disappointed coalition and the machinations of the enemies are the reasons for this oppression.
British mercenaries entered the political system of the country for the first time since the year 1800 and they interfered in the European mercenaries for the first time.
It was the year 1800 when the first British ambassador entered the country - which originated from India. That is to say, when the Indian government was controlled by the British pilgrims and the clergy was in charge of it.
In this regard, the enemy's plots, rows, rows, and other such things had been plundered. The enemy's plots, rows, and other such things had been plundered in this regard. The enemy's plots, rows, and other such things had been plundered in this regard.
But we do not want to let this change.
The Islamic Revolution prepared the ground for power.
We want this reflection to increase our power.
We should not let them interfere in our economy, our culture, our policies, our future and the blessings of our country.
Economy is one of the pillars of this internal power.
That is why we should be at the first stage.
No, I do not say Iran is the first to rank in the region. No, the future of this nation is related to it.
Therefore, it is necessary to make efforts in a sincere and effective way, and it should be utilized with all its capabilities and capacities in this country.
We have heard these things, and we see these things in the progress of the country during the Revolution.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, nothing would have been sure that this will happen in the sea.
It was introduced a model of water mines, but this is the case in different areas. These things are compared to what is happening in the country and what is happening in the country and what is happening in the country and what is happening in the country and what is happening in the country.
As a result of my familiarity with different sectors of the country, I would say this is the result of the fact that no part of the country and our youth will be present on the scene unless they enter the arena.
This is a very important thing.
The economy of power that we have is very important.
Once I said that if we were compared to the proportional population of our country and the population of the world, they would be satisfied with this situation.
The fact that the people of our country are defeated is one percent of the population of the world. As was said, our country is defeated in all parts of the world. Therefore, we are defeated in one percent of the blessings of a country.
These are some areas which are important and very valuable.
This is the case in the country as well - we are a country that contains water - but we can resolve these problems with the help of appropriate scientific frameworks, which have been mentioned in this meeting by some brothers and youth. We can take care of the shortcomings that we are faced with.
Therefore, the country in fact has a large number of blessings.
The same is true of our country and our region.
We have a very important role.
The neighborhood of us with two waters and the connection to a sensitive and important region between West and Asia and Europe is an important part of the region. We are among the people of this region.
These are all good things for us.
As I mentioned earlier, we have failed in one of the four decades of the preparedness of the country for progress.
That is to say, the year of preparedness is four years and it is now the year of preparedness.
Of course, many achievements have been made within the shrine of many years.
As the report that you mentioned earlier, there were great achievements that were made, but there are not certain achievements that should be made.
The policies that have been announced in the area of financial resources, the policies that have been implemented in the framework of the Islamic system, the policies that have been implemented in the framework of employment, the policies that have been implemented in the framework of the Islamic system, the policies that have been implemented in the framework of employment, the policies that have been implemented in the framework of employment, the policies that have been implemented in the framework of employment, the policies that have been implemented in the framework of employment, the policies that have been implemented in the framework of employment, and the policies that have been implemented in the framework of employment.
If we can carry out these plans in an appropriate way, we can benefit from the opportunities that have been mentioned in this meeting.
These policies can create unity and promote economic valor.
Of course in the absence of some of the goals that have been set up in the Islamic system, there have been various reasons why they are opposed to this goal - including domestic issues and other such things.
The issues such as achieving an achievement of 8 percent, reducing the unemployment rate, reducing the unemployment rate, reducing the costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly costly.
And this is what we should do in order to re-establish the path of five years, and we should make efforts to re-establish the path of five years.
According to what is said in this law, we should pay attention to the issue of governmental interference and economic matters.
The goal is to create an economy that is competent with consumers and investors.
They calculated that the cost of investing in capital during the past five years is more than 160 billion per year.
It is necessary to introduce this.
There have been good achievements in the arena of implementing the policies of the Constitution of the 44th, but these are not the same achievements that have to be made. It is necessary to increase our value. It is not just the issue of inventing economic systems to us, but it is also the issue of safeguarding them.
There are always good duties and shortcomings.
I have spoken about the issue of economic disruption for many years.
When I present this issue, some people come and say that many statements about economic matters frighten people in the arena of economic matters.
That is to say, I would say the opposite of them.
Any business that is interested in legal immunity and is interested in legal activities - if it realizes that the government will not provoke any suspicion of those who violate the law - such things will strengthen the pressure of the people.
We are opposed to the currents of the government, the creators of methods and the disappointing people who have managed to use these methods. It is necessary to strengthen the currents of the economy as well as the country's intellectual and economic role. Therefore, imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing imposing
Fortunately, all and most economic ministers and government officials are present in this meeting.
They heard the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements of the statements.
We should not let these things remain guaranteed.
Of course Mr. Tawakkuli realized why he did not speak about good things and why he did not speak about it. This means that he did not speak about it and why he did not speak about it and why he did not speak about it.
If you pay attention to these promises, you will think that these promises are good. There are many things that I have said in this regard and I will mention two to three issues. One of them is the issue of governmental organizations and the other is the issue of progress.
First, the issue of implementing assistance policy is related to production. Production is the essence of the economy, the economy is the national economy.
As is regulated by the law, the measures which have been adopted on this path should pay attention to the supporting sectors of production. As is regulated by the law, the measures which have been adopted on this path should be 30 percent.
Of course some of the officials in charge who we have discussed this meeting believed that there were no necessities for the 30th of Aban.
This may be the case in certain areas, but the production sector needs the support of government organizations in all areas.
There are certain aspects or dimensions of the sanctions, but we should benefit from them.
Of course, in this regard, the sector of the economy is also responsible.
Some government officials used to tell me that some of our factories did not do anything to reconsider the oil and petroleum that they used to buy and buy. They used to say that they would not do anything if they had to reconsider the oil and petroleum.
It is necessary to pay attention to this point.
Of course the attention of the government in this regard is very important. That is to say, it is necessary to pay attention to the attention of the government.
I do not have a lot of things to do, but I have a lot of things to do with the people that I mentioned in this meeting - the disappointed people who used to take advantage of the opportunity - and they did not use it for any other work.
It is necessary to take this issue seriously in order to be able to carry out their duties for sincere and determined laborers.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 14, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the officials of the country.
Nobody is opposed to importation of products. But the conditions should be regulated and implemented.
During the past few days, we would have lost our wealth in the market because we did not allow them to go through our wealth. This is not a great reason why we should increase our importance of products.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic production.
Of course it was said that importation and investment will help domestic production.
I believe that this is not a powerful reason.
As for the issue of import and export, especially for machinery, we believe that export and export are more effective than what we see today.
We have excellent products in terms of production.
One of the teachings of Imam Hussein (a.s.) presented a report on the issue of transgression.
In this regard, our country is one of the most advanced countries in the world.
We should increase our production.
We should export such high-ranking products to the world so that we can see the existing products in Iran. We should not export such products to countries such as Latin America and Latin America.
The next point is the issue of export.
Of course the government is responsible to assist the exporters.
As was pointed out by a brother in this meeting, fortunately the oil and petroleum that we export are far more advanced than today and we will make more progress in the future. I hope that we will make more progress in the future so that our oil and petroleum are useful for us.
Our government officials said that we can calculate the amount of wealth we have received from our government officials through oil.
One of the main paths that is opposed to our economy and all future resources of the country is dependence on oil and petroleum.
Of course the officials of the country did not pay attention to this point in the past few years. I said that we should do such things if, for the sake of political and economic matters, one day we would have to go to the ballot boxes of our oil markets as an example of five days or more.
Try to see what will happen in the world.
Today we cannot do such things because we need those resources.
Each day when the economy of the country is dependent on oil oil and petroleum, the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will be so powerful that their effect will be extremely strong in the world.
We should do this. That is to say, we need backwardness and we need support. We should support this issue of foreign export.
In this regard, they are both the exporters and their officials who are responsible. In those countries, which have been mentioned in the report, we are suffering from the output of most of our products, and they are suffering from the output of our products. All these things are extraordinary.
For more than fifty years, there have been factories in the world who have used to manufacture and manufacture products for self-sufficiency and self-sufficiency.
For example, a company in Germany or in Switzerland has manufactured and manufactured goods for more than 50-60 years, and they still have goods in our country and other countries.
Why?
These are the things that exporters should pay attention to.
This requires a culture: the culture and quality of domestic production.
The issue of confronting economic disruption is very important.
As long as this corrupt man does not manage to find a corrupt figure in the government and helps him, he will not manage to make a threat to the economy.
Therefore, government officials have a duty to prevent the spread of economic corruption in governmental organizations.
For example, when you realize that a person has to go through a taghut, you will not have any kindness and compassion. You should know that if you speak like a taghut, the dams that will happen will not be limited to a few thousand people.
The same is true of economic corruption.
If you hear about economic corruption in any part of the government, you should not make a mistake.
Emphasizing the economy is one of the dangerous and purging factors. Therefore, it is necessary to pay careful attention to this point.
One of the things that should be done is to adapt the framework of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. This is in the framework of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
We need a comprehensive policy on the issue of unity.
One of the brothers in this meeting said that we can use the wealth of the banks as well as other wealth, but we can do so in the shade of this unity. That is to say, the best way to do so is unity, unity that is in line with the law.
The main point is that we should pay attention to the issue of the possibility of introducing capital in the country to the consumer.
That is to say, it is necessary to identify the aspects and dimensions of the country. Everybody should speak about it and not just benefit from it.
Those who speak about it will benefit from it in a bad way.
The details should be for everybody.
Of course many efforts have been made in the previous governments as well as the previous governments.
It is necessary to make more efforts in this regard.
There are some things that I have written down in my book, but after Eid al-Adha, I will stray away from them.
By Allah's favor, this time will be an event that will make the people who are interested in the country, the Islamic Republic and the future of this nation make more efforts and accelerate their efforts with wisdom and acumen.
The slogan "The Year of Intensified Effort and Labor" which I presented last year should be accompanied by the issue of strengthening the economy.
We hope that everybody will make more efforts.
The future of this country is a very bright future. The country enjoys many capacities and blessings.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, determination and power in this country.
We are far more powerful than the second most dignified country in the world.
All of these things have been indicative throughout our history, our cultural value, our human power and our national blessings.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and chosen household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who bestowed this blessed presence on me. I am present in the first days of the year at the shrine of Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake and may God bestow peace on him).
I would like to congratulate all the dear brothers and sisters who have gathered here and there on the occasion of Norouz and the beginning of the new year - those who have gathered here and those who have gathered here and those who have gathered in different places - on the occasion of Norouz and the beginning of the new year.
Today the dear people of Iran have gathered from different parts of the country together with the blessed presence of Ab-al-Hasan al-Ridha (peace and greetings be upon him) and the blessed presence of that great nation.
There are brothers and sisters from the people of Mashhad.
I would like to extend my congratulations to everybody and to all of them.
Norouz from Iran to all of us, the people of Iran and Muslims of other countries who appreciate this Eid is an opportunity to appreciate it and benefit from it in terms of religion and Islamic movement.
The Islamic view is that we can make use of this opportunity as well as this opportunity to make efforts in order to material and human perfection and to make progress in the world and in the hereafter. We Iranian people can make use of this opportunity as well as this opportunity to do what Islam has bestowed on us and to fulfill Islamic laws and values.
Let us know the lofty goals of Islam.
During these days, there is an opportunity to be prepared for self-sacrifice, closeness to Allah the Exalted and listening to good words and attracting attention to religious places.
The truth is that during the past few years, especially when the Islamic Republic was established, our people used to use Norouzic idly in order to get close to Allah the Exalted.
This shows that when you take a look at the beginning of the new year, you will see that the vast majority of the people are present in seminaries, seminaries, seminaries and seminaries where they pray and pray for divine remembrance.
This means that the Iranian nation is making efforts to benefit from this manifestation of religion.
We should learn this example in all areas. And we should use Norouz and other such things to increase our knowledge, spirituality, religion, Islamic principles and Islamic morality.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow success on all of us and the Iranian nation.
Today in the occasion that Allah the Exalted has created, I will discuss a few points.
The first point is about what was done in the year 1389 and what was done in the year 1389 by our people and government officials. The second point is about the year that has begun today, with the name of "The Year of Economic Jihad" and the appropriate measures to be adopted in the year 1389.
The third point is related to the events happening in the region, the events happening in the Middle East, North Africa and the events happening in the Islamic region. They pay attention to the efforts of the enemies of the Islamic Ummah to derail reality.
From the perspective of the first point, I can say that the year 1389 - the year of Intensified Effort and Labor - has been observed throughout the year, and our people have revealed their efforts in different areas.
Of course this firm determination is the result of this firm determination, which is the result of this firm determination, which is the result of this firm determination, which is the result of this firm determination, which is the result of this firm determination, which is the result of this firm determination.
This can be seen in many arenas.
Let us take a look at the issue of knowledge and technology.
In the beginning of the year 1389, I managed to graduate from one of the most important scholars of the country. And at the end of Esfand, I managed to graduate from my school for many scientific and technological work at the end of the year.
The accelerated scientific and technological progress that has been made today in the country is not more than what was announced to the people. I can tell you how much this is expected.
The great scientific movement has started in different areas in the past few years, and it is fortunately increasing on a daily basis.
One day I read a statement from a Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) saying, "Science is a re-establishment of power." That is to say, knowledge and understanding can create power for a nation and a nation.
Knowledge and technology have this characteristic.
Today the movement of our country in the arena of knowledge and technology is clear in many areas, especially in the new areas.
Fortunately all these advances have been made in different areas - in scientific areas, in scientific areas, in technological areas, in educational areas, in educational areas, in educational areas, in educational areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas, in production areas and in production areas.
As I said in the message of Norouz, different research centers of the world showed that you are faced with most of the countries of the world and that the accelerated progress of the country has doubled the accelerated progress of the world.
There are two to three important points that I deem appropriate to clarify for the issue of scientific progress.
The first point is that the major portion of the scholarly and outstanding personalities who work on this issue are youth.
The life of these intellectuals is 30 years - the most of them youth - and it is necessary to be trusted by these youth. Of course, there are many faithful intellectuals who are working on this issue, and it is necessary to make efforts to benefit from this.
The next point is that those who are doing these great duties are the people who have a powerful spirit and self-confidence. This is a great achievement.
The main discipline is the power of the people and this is what our nation enjoys.
Our youth are vigilant in this regard and they are convinced that all the things that are the foundation of the progress of the country will be done and carried out.
The second point that is related to scientific progress is that the movement of knowledge, technology, production of knowledge - which is very important - is one of the things that is being built up.
That is to say, production is being carried out and production is being carried out in the world, and this production is being carried out in the world and this production is a source of wealth for our country.
That is to say, the path of production of knowledge is towards national wealth.
The honorable people should know that all economic outstanding personalities - including those whose economic view is identical to the previous government or economic outstanding personalities whose economic outstanding personalities are identical to the previous government - believe that taking on the shoulders of the government is necessary and useful.
In this regard, enthusiasm is very difficult. And the areas for enthusiasm are unprecedented.
Thankfully, this task has already started.
And the unity that is created between the government and the people in this regard is, in fact, a good unity.
The movement of the people in this regard is very good. They will have a clear effect on this issue. Although their effect is very good so far.
The important goal of this decision is, in the first case, to separate the position the government deserves among the people in a fair way.
This is a great step towards social justice.
The purpose and the purpose behind this goal is to carry out good resources, including water and weapons.
Two years ago, I named the year of "The Year of the Guardians of the Beneficence and the Beneficence of the Nation" with the name of economy.
This is one of the practical ways to improve our utilization of national resources, which has already affected us.
During the recent years, the process of management was carried out in a highly efficient way, and the use of weapons was made in a highly efficient way in the country.
The extent that is buried, the extent that is shed tears and the extent that is destroyed - which is a great divine blessing and is acquired in hardships - has been reduced, and the extent that is utilized has been equal.
This is one of the advantages that have been achieved in the future, and I hope you will benefit from this advantages in the future. The same is true of the situation of the economy as well.
One of the things that is why we should make efforts in the arena of economic valor is to increase our domestic production and increase our oil.
Unfortunately, our country has been relying on oil for many years.
This is how economic valor is ignored. This path has been treated in our country. It has been treated in the oil market, in the agricultural market, in the agricultural market, and in the management of the country. This path is wrong.
For many years I have said that one of the things that I hope is that we will manage to manage this country together with oil and petroleum.
Of course, it is not easy to do, it is difficult to do.
Products that are not oiled will get closer to our goals.
Great achievements were made in the year 1389 in this regard.
In addition, one of the things that is guaranteed by firm determination and dynamism in the arena of economic valor is the fact that western governments, headed by the United States and accompanied by certain European governments, imposed sanctions on Iran in an intelligent way.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they thought that they had increased their sanctions against Iran.
Some of them said in their calculations - which is very interesting to us - that they would expect to bring the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation to their knees over the past few months. They used to say that these sanctions would bring the Iranian nation to their knees.
They thought that sanctions would create a serious challenge for the Iranian nation and that they would set their hopes on the Iranian nation so much that it can demonstrate its opposite to the Islamic Republic. This is their goal.
A scholarly and wise task was carried out in order to oppose the sanctions which had been imposed on the enemies.
The enemies did not manage to their goal through these sanctions.
Today western people are saying that imposing sanctions on Iran is totally useless.
For a long time, this was one of the problems with which we used to work. We used to export oil from a country, but we used to export oil from a country.
Therefore, they say that this is the weakness of the Islamic Republic and that we will not let it enter.
Because of their sanctions our officials made efforts and they made efforts, and we did not even need to invest in oil.
At the end of Esfand, I visited a meeting with the young and outstanding personalities of the country.
They said that we wanted to carry out these responsibilities. They said that we would not allow them to carry out our responsibilities. But we realized that we should carry out our responsibilities.
But we have returned home and thought, and you have made efforts so that we can carry out this responsibility without relying on foreigners.
The government's report says that in the year 1389 there were more than one million units of labor. If this was the report, there were more than one million units of labor than those of production.
Great achievements have been made both in the area of production and construction. Great achievements have been made both in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production, in the area of production,
This is true of the economy.
There have been a lot of things to do in other areas as well, but we will manage to do so only when we have the right to do so.
In any case, what shows us the year 1389 is that thankfully this year - in all terms and in all terms - is the year of labor and labor.
Of course the year 1389 does not have a particular characteristic. This year is the year of labor and labor.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation and all government officials should make intensified efforts in order to reach the position we deserve.
But in the sense of the word, the issue of the economy is more important in this era.
If our dear country achieves a successful movement in the economic arena, this great movement will continue and will undoubtedly affect the country's progress and glory of the Iranian nation.
What is important in this regard is to national progress on the basis of the indications that were specified in the preparedness of the country for ten years of progress. That is to say, progress was not just achieved.
Our capacities are far more than our current capacities in a appropriate way.
Two years ago, in this new year's speech, I referred to the issue of the shortcomings that exist in the country and the issues that exist in the country.
The people should understand these things.
I ask our officials to raise the importance of increasing economic progress in the country and reducing the gap between the people.
This gap was not at all accepted by us. Islam did not accept it.
The Iranian nation should make efforts to the goal of achieving the goals of the Iranian nation during the past five decades.
Reducing the unemployment rate and increasing the unemployment rate in the country are among the most important and essential things.
The increased manpower of foreign investors and the assistance of foreign investors to make progress in the arena of economic valor are among the most important and essential things that can be done in this regard is to create cooperation lines in the area of unity, which can produce large numbers of capital and build large companies through cooperation.
It is necessary to create a base for laws.
This means that we should support progress.
It is necessary to raise the necessary resources of the country. It is necessary to raise the necessary resources, especially the necessary resources, and to use the water in a appropriately appropriate way. Today the dams that we have in our country are utilized in the area of machinery.
They should consider what will happen if, by Allah's favor, the government manages to rise through the sea and fall into the battlefields.
In addition to the sector of the mining, we only benefit from the mining in all other areas - including domestic products, industrial products and other areas that require water.
In fact, the benefit from water will not be doubled in terms of hegemony. This is a great and sensitive thing.
Resistance of the people in economic matters is a necessity.
If we were determined to carry out this great economic movement in the country in the year 1390, there were certain things that we should do.
I would like to discuss the requirements of this meeting.
First of all, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the victory of the Revolution until today, our nation has made progress everywhere in the arena of jihad and spirituality. We have seen this during the Sacred Defense Era, we have seen this in the arena of jihad and we have seen this in the arena of knowledge.
If we had the spirit of jihad in different areas, if we had the spirit of jihad in different areas, if we had the spirit of jihad in different areas, if we had the spirit of jihad in different areas, if we had the spirit of jihad in different areas, if we had the spirit of jihad in different areas, then our movement would definitely go on.
The second point is the strengthening of spirituality, faith and spirituality in society.
Everybody should know this. Creating a religious position in the country and the youth will help the people in the affairs of the world.
It is wrong to think that the effect of religious monotheism on the hearts of our youth will be noticed only during the Sacred Defense Era and during the Friday prayer classes.
If the youth of a country are pious and religious, they will ignore fascism. They will ignore the behavior of the youth.
The same is true of the economic arena.
The power of religious guidelines is a very prominent factor.
You should consider that the main issue of the country is often the main issue which should be followed up. Everybody should pay attention to this issue.
This would be like a train that would bring the people to a particular destination. Just like a shortcoming, it would be busy on the shrine of the people and in certain cases it would not allow them to travel to that destination.
Therefore, behind the scene should not be introduced any action.
Another requirement is to preserve unity and mutual understanding.
That is to say, the unity that exists between the people and the people and government officials - the people who love their officials, who trust them, who helps them and who cooperate with them - and the unity that exists between them and the people - should be constantly strengthened on a daily basis.
This is one of the greatest plots of the enemies of the Iranian nation.
Fortunately, our nation is being awakened.
Those who are interested in their country are interested in religious democracy, which is a source of pride for the Iranian nation. They should show their cooperation.
The same is true of government officials as they do. They should do something to make so that even if there is discord, even if the claims they have are righteous, they should not reveal their claims to the people because this will harm national unity.
I would like to extend my attention to the officials in charge of this issue.
The most important issue of the world is through negotiations. These issues are not very important.
Of course I would like to remind you of this issue. Sometimes this is the name of our non-year term, but you saw that Tehran was closed to other cities and centers and that slogans were written down.
This is totally useless.
Why should we sometimes make up for a lot of money?
From the perspective of the people and government officials, I would like to keep this clear.
There is no need to be done in a lot of things.
Of course this does not mean that we should neglect other dimensions of our economy.
In other areas as well, especially in scientific and technological areas, it is necessary to assist this well-known youth in order to be able to make great achievements.
The recent events - that is, the events of Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - are very important.
Another great transformation is happening in this Islamic and Arab region. This is the symbol of Islamic Awakening.
There have been two characteristics in the Islamic Republic: the first is the issue of the presence of the people and the second is the issue of religious faith and reference to it.
These are two essential things.
The presence of the people on the scene is the same that happened during the Revolution.
Parties and communities that sit on the scene and in large and brilliant houses have not managed to do anything.
The greatest achievement of our magnanimous Imam was that he managed to introduce the people into the arena.
The same is true of labor countries today.
It is in Egypt and Tunisia that the people are present on the scene. Otherwise, intellectuals and outstanding personalities of the houses constantly speak at the scene. They have repeatedly called the people, and nobody did not mention their words.
It is the people who have entered the arena and their beliefs and intentions are religious.
The most important elements of the world are Friday prayers, congregational prayers, the name of God, religious scholars, religious scholars, the people who promote religious matters and the people who analyze religious matters in different countries. When they enter the arena, they will enter the arena.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
Why did they imagine?
In Egypt, Tunisia and other countries, these roots and oppressive leaders destroyed the people and their identity.
For example, the people of Egypt see that their heads are doing the worse thing in response to the needs of the Zionist regime.
If Hossein Moubarak failed to involve the Zionist regime and the Zionist regime in the siege in Gaza, the Zionist regime would not be able to harm the people of Gaza.
Hosni Mubarak entered the arena and helped him.
When the narration says that the people of Gaza are coming inside the country and exporting products, they are trying to prevent them from doing so. They are trying to construct a 30-percent power plant in the country and introduce it to the country in order to get access to the country.
This was what Hosni Mubarak did.
The consequences of this behavior are visible in some other countries.
For example, in Libya, Gaddafi demonstrated the resistance of western powers in the early years of his power, but in the recent years he rendered great services to the west.
[The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 25] The people of Libya and their eyes saw that when they had responded to a threat, they used to take all their nuclear capabilities, put them on sea and attract westerners, they used to say, take them away.
Try to see how our nation is, and how they are.
Among the officials of our country, it is not just that they are backwardness, but it is also necessary to improve preparedness every year despite what the enemies want.
You can witness such insult among these countries and the people who have moved forward.
This is a point which is very important for us.
After these things take place, they fail to realize what they are doing and they do not know the people, but they should move towards confusion.
Of course what America has seen about these countries and other countries is the support of clergymen. They used to defend Hosni Mubarak as much as they could, but when they noticed that they could not do so from now, they ignored it.
This is a lesson for the leaders who have relyed on America to realize that when their interests are safeguarded and they do not have any advantage, they will try to put their interests on the list of useless people.
What happened to the west and what happened to America would not be accepted.
Egypt is one of the most prominent policies of the US. It is based on these policies.
But they did not manage to retain this base in order to benefit from it.
And if the people are vigilant, they can defeat this flag and destroy it.
The Americans tried to see that when they lost Mubarak in Egypt and Ben Ali in Tunisia, they tried to defend their government.
By Allah's favor, the United States will continue being defeated in the region.
When the people of these countries are lost, there have been two obstacles in the face of these countries: the first is waiting for us and the second is the try to give rise to this issue in certain areas.
They were defeated in this regard.
The second point is the parallel. The purpose of the parallel is to produce similar events in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya in some other countries.
The main requirement is the claims that they adopt: safeguarding the rights of the people.
It would be wrong if our honorable people had realized that the US President had asked the Iranian people to say that they are your supporters. They claim that they are opposed to dictators and that they are committed to national rights.
They are not just compassionate of other nations, but their nations are not even compassionate of them.
The current US President is making use of billions of people in the economic situation that America is suffering from to rescue its problems in order to rescue its banks. He is trying to rescue the problems in order to rescue the problems in order to rescue its problems.
They spend time in exile. They spend time in exile. They spend time in exile. They spend time in exile.
Today the people of America are faced with economic problems and they do not have any results.
In addition to prison centers and to punish people such as Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, Iraq and other places that punish people in different places.
People do not understand these things.
Did the US President know what he was saying about?
Did he really know who were the people behind the arena and who did not understand his policies?
They used to say that those who are after Azadi of Tehran are those who are after Egypt's freedom.
He was right because on the 22nd of Bahman every year, those who join the parliamentary ceremonies are shouting "God loves America".
On the issue of the region, the Islamic Republic's position is clear.
Our goal is to support nations and their rights.
This is the position of the Islamic Republic: this is the right position of the Islamic Republic.
Our policies are these. Our hearts are these.
There are two places to pay attention to: one is Libya and the other is Bahrain.
As for the issue of Libya, we are deceived by the behavior of the Libyan government towards the people, its cruelty and murdering the people, its bombarding and surrendering to the cities, but the arrival of the Americans, the invasion of America and other western countries is deceived by God.
They claim that we will enter Libya to defend the people and that we will enter a military arena. This is totally unacceptable.
If they were really at the service of the Libyan people, if they were really at the service of the Libyan people, they would have bombarded the Libyan people.
If you want to help them, they will not be a weaponry. They will not be a weaponry.
Therefore, you do not want to enter for the sake of safeguarding the people. You want to enter Libya for the sake of safeguarding the people. You want to establish your position in Libya.
If you want to establish a relationship with the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps in order to block the revolutionary governments that will be established in Egypt and Tunisia, you should visit this meeting.
It is wrong to say what he does.
The Assembly of the Islamic Revolution said that it should be at the service of the people and that it should be at the service of the people.
This is a source of disgrace for the Majlis of the Worlds.
Therefore, the presence of foreign soldiers and westerners is unacceptable.
If you want to help the people of Libya, you can help the people of Libya, strengthen them and help the people of the country resolve the problems of Gaddafi and the people of the country. Why should you do this?
Their main needs is elections. Everybody has a particular choice. Is this a great choice?
There are certain elections in Bahrain. But in the future the people do not have the right to vote, and they do not have the right to vote.
The westerners should make this opportunity so that they can interfere in the affairs of the region through the introduction of a new issue - the issue of Shia and Sunni.
Because the people of Bahrain are sympathetic to Shia Muslims, no one should have the right to support them.
Media networks which revealed the events in the region, but which revealed the events in Bahrain, did not announce anything about the bloodthirsty events of the people of Bahrain.
Some people from the Persian Gulf - including politicians and newspapers - came and said that the issue of Bahrain is a Shia and Sunni issue.
There is no difference between what happened in Tunisia and Egypt, just like what happened in Libya and what happened in Yemen.
The Americans were happy that they managed to resolve this issue as a discord between Shia and Sunni through their media and propaganda methods.
They said that the Iranian people are supporting the people of Bahrain for a reason.
We support all of them.
For 32 years we have supported the Palestinian people.
The Palestinian people are Shia?
Our youth went to the airport in order to fail to go to Gaza.
They are prepared to go to Gaza and fight the Israeli war.
We said they did not go.
Our people showed their support for the people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt and Tunisia. They are not Shia.
Therefore, this is not the issue of Shia or Sunni.
Some of the disagreements are trying to introduce the issue of Bahrain as a Shia and Sunni issue.
Unfortunately, some people - who do not have any evil intentions - are trying to deceive their hostages.
If there is good hope in this regard, I will tell them that the issue is not Shia and Sunni. This is a great service for America. This is a great service for the enemies of the Iranian nation who represent the great movement of a nation's freedom as a Shia-Sunni confrontation. There is no relationship between Shia and Sunni.
There is no difference for us between Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
We support any movement in a society that is like Islam and it is after freedom.
The fate of the Americans is that they do not see the Bahraini and Saudi military attacks as an interference in the domestic activities of the country. But when our maraaje, our scholars, and our benevolent people say you not to kill anybody, they say you are interferent.
Is this interference a country?
The bullying of a government, an oppressive system that we have based on the idea that you should not kill your people, is interference, but the use of tanks by foreigners to the streets of Bahrain is not interfering in the domestic actions of America and its allies and mercenaries in the region.
The Americans are far away from this region to a thousand kilometers.
Anybody who does this makes a mistake.
I would clearly say that by Allah's favor, a new movement has started in the region.
As God has promised, this movement will definitely victory.
The Iranian nation is proud. They are proud that they have started this movement.
The youth who have come together do not see the Revolution, but if they do not see the youth of the Revolution at that time, they will not defeat them.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and grace on this great nation.
Continuousness of the dignity of those who are rendering services to this nation, this movement and this movement.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, make the souls of our martyrs and our magnanimous Imam trust in us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to a group of high-ranking officials in Tehran.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and pure household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I would like to welcome you dear brothers and sisters as well as the esteemed government officials of the country. I hope that Allah the Exalted bestows blessings on you and Allah the Exalted.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us the opportunity to start a meeting and organize this auspicious meeting in order to discuss the important issues of the country and make us speak to them a few things.
I would like to divide the issue into the three branches of life. The first point is that I would like to discuss the issue of Ramadan through my wishes. And the second point is related to the issues of the country.
This is an ultimate point which, by Allah's favor, will be closest to the issues of our neighborhood and the issues of the region.
In his book, Hajj Mirza Javad Agha Maliki Tabrizi said: "Resistance is a divine blessing which Allah the Exalted has bestowed on its servants and believers.
That is to say, the essence of determination which is a divine appreciation for its servants is that it needs appreciation.
As I said, one of the things that is more important than all the other characteristics is that this kind of worship plunged into the heart of a person a light of enthusiasm which creates a reflection on the one hour of worshiping â€“ the one hour of worshiping â€“ and the other hour of worshiping â€“ during the past few years.
This reflection is one of the necessities of reflecting on the body and soul of a person who reveals the truth and acknowledges the path of wisdom. We should make use of this reflection. We should reflect on our time.
Monotheism is the main capital of every individual.
All blessings are achieved through this life - that is to say, daydreaming. That is an achievement that can bring about eternal prosperity for a particular person.
Let us have a look at these years of life.
We should keep the pace of our life, our lessons and our lessons in mind.
We have been vigilant in this regard.
Everybody must be vigilant in this regard. Everybody must be vigilant in this regard.
How do we use it and how do we use it?
Mouthful reflection, traveling to this world, releasing one's soul from one's body and meeting the angels of mouth - these are the moments that come to each and every one of us.
What would be the situation of us at that time? What would be the situation of our heart at that time?
This prayer is another intellectual aspect.
The prayers that were delivered by the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household were amazing. In his book, the Holy Prophet says, "The prayers that were delivered by the Insured (the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household (the Holy Prophet's) household (the Holy Prophet's) household (the Holy Prophet's) household (the Holy Prophet's) household (the Holy Prophet's) household (the Holy Prophet's) household (the Holy Prophet's) household (the Holy Prophet's
Therefore, these prayers are very important.
This prayer is the best prayer in the world, the best prayer in the world, the best prayer in the world, the best prayer in the world, the best prayer in the world, the best prayer in the world, the best prayer in the world, the best prayer in the world, the best prayer in the world, the best prayer in the world, and the best prayer in the world.
It is the beginning of this prayer: "Allah, bestow peace on Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, and bestow peace on me on the servants of (God's greetings be upon him) and on the servants of God."
What do you mean when you pray to Allah the Exalted and the Lord of the Worlds?
Dear God, put me on the scene in a few way: in order to establish justice. We managed to establish justice in society, sharia justice, justice in the sense of the divine blessings among the people, justice in the sense of the sense of the divine advantage and the sense of the divine advantage among the people.
Fear of God is one of the essences of fearing God.
Sometimes, if you become a person who has no responsibility to the people, your worship will affect the people and your efforts will affect them. This is while your family is concerned about your work and your work is concerned about your work and your work is concerned about your work and your work is concerned about your work and your work is concerned about your work and your work is concerned about your work and your work is concerned about your work and your work is concerned about it.
When you make efforts against a person or organization and make certain things, the effect of this enthusiasm and this heavy responsibility on one's heart is not the same.
We should unity, and we should not give in to unity.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on us.
They kill the fire of enmity.
Everybody must make efforts in order to overthrow this fire.
This is the reason why we should constantly insist on our friends, government officials, those who speak, those who speak across the country and any other part of the country.
Sometimes a remark will not even kill people, rather it will become a source of weakness.
Those who are treading the right path should make efforts to bring them to the right destination. We should not let their efforts, our behavior, and our statements eliminate those who are treading the right path and prevent them from believing in this path.
We should not separate those who are related to the Islamic system from one another.
If there is discord between men and women, we try to discord against them.
When a government official makes a good job, it should be prepared to explain this truth.
We have said many things about this issue.
This is an aspect of this divine prayers. The divine prayers will be discussed in the 22nd of Farvardin.
We should pray to Allah the Exalted to establish a relationship with the believers.
These are some aspects of fear of God.
This is the first point that I would like to discuss.
The second aspect is a look at the situation of the country.
The report, which was presented by the honorable President, contains many dimensions. There are certain important points that are clear in his report, and I hope this information will provide everybody's knowledge of the efforts which have been made and the efforts which have been made in the report.
I would like to explain a part of the situation of the country which is very important for us.
Why is it important?
First of all, knowing the current situation of our country and the position we have reached, which path we should tread is very important and it is always important. But today it is very important.
First of all, the situation of the region is exceptional.
The movement of Islamic Awakening and the events of this region are unprecedented since the beginning of the Revolution. Great achievements have been made and great achievements have been made.
When a nation like the Egyptian nation has made such a great movement, when it has formed a government and when it is left of an Islamic flag, when it is threatening the Zionist regime with the status of the region, all these things are unacceptable.
It is in such conditions that we entered the arena that prepared the ground for the Islamic Republic.
The issue of the economy that has been resolved with the arrogant western governments in the face of these arrogant powers is a very great issue. It is also a issue that will not be resolved immediately.
The detail that you hear about the economic issues of America and some western countries is part of this issue. They are not all saying about it.
The intellectual and political centers of the arena and the material centers of the global powers - which are often owned by media - do not want the people of the world to realize the truth about their issues because the dimensions of these issues are far better than their words.
By Allah's favor, if there is enough time for me to discuss this issue at the end of my statements.
Another issue is the prevalence of oppressive and terrorist movements in the west, especially in Europe - including nazis from foreign countries and newspapers from the U.S. which are pioneers and pioneers of the U.S. government. They blatantly announce their oppressive intentions.
Later on, he attacked two Muslim countries.
There are some people who are interested in this issue, but Allah the Exalted has not allowed them to be defeated.
These are important points.
What happened in Norway should not just be considered a difficult event.
But in such conditions, we should look at our prospects.
If we fail to take this opportunity to appreciate it, and if we fail to do the right thing, we will be rewarded if we fail to benefit from this opportunity in the right time.
Sometimes ignoring an opportunity is also a threat, and it becomes a backwardness.
Therefore, there is no problem to look at the issues of the country in a different way.
We should look at the realities. We should make no mistakes. We have good things and we have wrong things. We should look at the realities.
The same is true of the media.
When somebody says something that he says, he says, "You must not let us speak the truth."
No, this is an attempt to suppress the Islamic Republic.
I take a 10-percent test on a daily basis.
Each day in some newspapers, every one of them raises the heart of a weak person.
We are not suppressing one another, but this is a fact and a mistake.
The same is true of killing.
The weakness of the body should be considered together with the good portion of its capabilities.
The government should do the same thing that it can and the impossible to do so.
Therefore, if we want to identify the realities of the country, we need to identify the weaknesses of the country.
Today I will provide a brief clarification for this issue, but there is a need to be spoke about the issue in this regard.
These good things will show us the opportunity and the atmosphere that we have in this country.
These weaknesses show us what we should pay attention to and what must be done.
When we place these things together, it becomes enlightened and we understand what we should do.
I have recorded the past two decades as a continuation of the Islamic Republic's system. I have recorded the past two decades as a continuation of the Islamic Republic's system. I have recorded the past two decades as a continuation of the Islamic Republic's system.
The first point that the system enjoys is the victory over different kinds of threats. This is very important.
For the past 32 years, we have faced with various kinds of threats - political threats, security threats, and economic threats - and the purpose of these threats is to undermine our government.
Of course they wanted to bring the government to its knees, but this was not a bad thing to say. They wanted to build a single foreign system and to look to the backwardness of the country.
And this system managed to overcome all these threats.
Some of these things have been decided by foreigners, just like the sanctions.
Sanctions have been imposed on the country for many years, but in the recent years they have made more valuable and zealous. They used to say that our sanctions are destructive.
Sometimes sanctions have been imposed on us through the Majlis of the Worlds and the others have been imposed on us through their sanctions.
These are the things that are related to foreigners, and they have a strong hand in hand.
In spite of the domestic events, there were also certain threats which resulted in spite of the enemies’ use of these threats as the case of national tribes. The Islamic Republic managed to overcome these threats. Today different tribes live with one another.
This is, in my opinion, one of the dimensions of our power.
We should pay attention to this point when we calculate the strengths of the system.
The Islamic Republic of Iran was independent of the Islamic Republic of Iran. The Islamic Republic of Iran was independent of the Islamic Republic of Iran. It was independent of the Islamic Republic of Iran. It was independent of the Islamic Republic of Iran. It was independent of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
This is, in my opinion, the first element of the system.
The second point is the relationship between the people and the government.