The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a statement issued by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in the following year.
Here is the translation of what the announcement involves:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
During these days, the distressed South Africa, especially Somalia, has faced the most tragic and painful droughts resulting from the unprecedented presence of locally-approved droughts by national and international organizations, which have put the lives of millions of Muslims in Somalian, especially women and children in serious danger and threat.
Therefore, because the Leader of the Islamic Revolution has given special attention to the people affected by the hunger crisis in the country, the Islamic Ummah is being called on to help the Islamic Ummah of Somalians during this month of mercy and blessings and they can provide financial assistance and resources for the affected centers in order to reach the people of the Somalians.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution stressed in a statement to the 20th Eid al-Adha, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The following is the full text of the letter of the Leader:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In its nature, humanity is a compassionate and sincere person in the eyes of Allah the Exalted, the Creator of all good things.
Through the process, divine religions have cleansed the enmity of human beings and saved them from the painful consequences of this natural enmity.
Praying day and night is an opportunity and a blessing that frees human beings from the enmity of this futile trap. He would not have been able to approach his heart with knowledge in the sight of God.
When engagement, prayer and prayer are associated with the system of social life, Islamic miracles can be reflected in divine values.
The Iranian nation is a symbol of this unity.
In the Islamic Ummah and in the Islamic Ummah, the Islamic Ummah is like the Islamic Ummah and the Islamic Ummah is like the Islamic Ummah and the Islamic Ummah is like the Islamic Ummah.
Thanks to the Islamic Revolution, the atmosphere of the Islamic Revolution increases brightness and perfection, and the honesty, religious teachings, morality, and political values are better than everybody else, and they give righteous and human life a divine view.
This is how we should view immorality.
The degeneration of the mercenary increases the essence of life with dignity and power.
Wherever there is the foundation for life, sexual immorality is the main reason for this.
The fisherman should be the foundation of architecture in cities and communities, in schools and universities, in social gatherings, from business and employment centers to airport, high roads and exhibition centers, to shops and hospitals, wherever he is located.
Everywhere, it is necessary to be gentle, gentle and calm.
It is necessary to take the lead in the behavior of the Imam (r.a.) in a kind and sensitive manner.
If there is a wrong situation, the materialistic and religious responsibility of society, people and officials will be reduced.
I hope that this day and with our greetings to the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011.
Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader Meets Leader
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the negotiations between the officials of the two countries and the agreements that were signed during the visit and added: "There are many tools that can be used to strengthen the relationship between the two countries in different areas. Therefore, this relationship should be strengthened, especially those related to trade and reconstruction."
Ayatollah Khamenei reiterated: "If the Zionist regime can do so, it can harass the city of Beirut to Tarabulus in order to occupy Syria."
But what is the only source of resistance for the Zionist regime of Israel?
His Eminence referred to Lebanon as the only Arab nation that could defeat the Zionist regime and added: "Savannah is the only thing that the enemies of Lebanon are unable to face."
Therefore, it is necessary to identify the significance of this regard.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "As long as the Zionist regime remains, Lebanon needs resistance."
Ayatollah Khamenei reiterated that the relationship between Imam Hariri and Sayyed Hasan Nasrullah and other officials of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should be strengthened.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic is behind the unity and independence of Lebanon and reiterated: "The Lebanon is the country of different denominations which have been accompanied by different religions and denominations for many years in peace and understanding with one another, but some people want to see that there is a rift in this country and that it is necessary to stand up against it."
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to a recent meeting with Rafik Hariri, former Prime Minister of Lebanon.
Speaking at the meeting with the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said: "We see the Islamic Republic of Iran as a friend and a sister to Lebanon who accompanied Lebanon during the difficult times and helped her."
Labanon's Prime Minister added: "The Labanon government hopes to see the relationship between the two countries strengthened in all areas related to economic, political and cultural matters."
Hariri reiterated that the Leban government is a united government and added that any discord between the Leban nation and the Leban nation will benefit the Zionist regime.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei.
After a prolonged stop and a re-assignment of the Iranian pilgrims to Saudi countries, the result of the negotiations and agreements between the two countries, Iran and Saudi Armed Forces.
Ayatollah Taskhiri is one of the Iranian pilgrims in this meeting with Saudi nations.
Each year during the hajj, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution sent a message to hajj pilgrims to summarize the important issues of the Islamic Ummah.
What do you think is the philosophy of this message?
To answer this question, first of all, it is necessary to clarify certain points.
First of all, the hajj itself, which is an Islamic form of worship, has certain great goals to.
The purpose of the hajj is possibly the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the most important and the
The Holy Quran describes each of these occasions and reiterates: "Al the day when the Lord of Abraham examined him with a few words, he fulfilled these things to him."
He said: “I am the One who makes you head because of the people.”
He said: "By my descendants, this is the manifestation of the headship of the righteous.
The second goal, which is based on this path, is to turn humanity into its original order and to turn humanity into its main path towards God. This is the case during the hajj. Therefore, the hajj has been clarified for great purposes, one of which is the issue of ‘bearing witness to witnesses’ in the hajj.
These are all indications of the unity and unity of the Islamic Ummah.
In all the messages delivered by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Imam Khomeini referred to the hajj goals.
However, the philosophy behind this message - which is the answer to your question - and the reason why the Islamic Republic and its leadership are so important to this issue is that the life of labor is the life of society.
Proving the hajj means proving the movement of the people.
“Hajj is the flag of Islam.” What does it mean for Islam?
During the war, when the flag is standing, it means that the Armed Forces are vigilant and the war continues.
Therefore, the existence of the hajj and the revitalization of the hajj spirit are among the most important goals of the Islamic Republic for the sake of the Islamic Awakening.
Therefore, the message issued by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the message issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution is an important point.
Of course, we are not able to understand the significance of this message, and we are not able to understand other people from a distance.
There are organizational media, social media, and some others who are doing their duties, but they are not doing their duties according to the status and importance of this message.
All the media, all the cultural offices, all the media and all the social media platforms that we have, should make efforts to reach the goal of delivering this message to all parts of the world.
It is necessary to make more efforts in this regard.
No, not in such a situation; it is the Saudi ruler who makes a statement.
This message is being spread to the people for the first time, even on Wednesday.
But after the conflict — which was the reason why the Iranians had not been in hajj for many years — a agreement was made after the negotiations which I was part of the negotiations.
Both sides reached the agreement that from that time to that time, there would not be a meeting in Makka, but that meeting in Arafah - that is to say, nine in the month of Zul Hajj - in Arafah, a meeting in Arafah, a meeting in Arafah, a meeting in Arafah, a meeting in Arafah, a meeting in Arafah, a meeting in Arafah.
No; the agreement to conduct duel Kumail was achieved elsewhere. This is the other agreement, after all negotiations and disputes.
We claim that the hajj message is being extended to Muslim nations.
Is this declaration effective?
First, there are several indigenous laborers from different countries.
Second, this message was broadcast there and may have been translated into different languages during the hajj, in Mina and elsewhere, and entered the hand of all the hajj pilgrims as a symbol of the Revolution.
On the other hand, it is being spread in different languages in our media to influence the hearts of Muslim nations. On the other hand, all arrogant powers, Arab and Muslim governments are trying to stop the effects of this propaganda.
Sometimes this message was published in one of the British journals, and the Zionist community in the world was shouting after this newspaper, causing her problems.
When did this happen?
The Zionists are trying to prevent this message from being heard.
The Saudi government has not only helped to spread this message but it has also prohibited it for certain years. Sometimes people have also been arrested.
Of course this exercise of self-control has been reduced in recent years, but they are trying everywhere to raise obstacles in order to see the end of this message.
Sometimes we make efforts to publish the message in foreign journals, but we also make contributions but not in publicity.
Many newspapers deny or are not granted permission to publish.
It belongs to Muslims as well.
Of course they do not allow it, but as I said, we also show weakness.
What is the condition of this message?
There the alphabet represents the entire Islamic Ummah.
The camp that is located there is in fact a camp for human representation. That is to say, the camp for the entire Islamic Ummah is intended to draw close to God.
It is necessary to pay attention to his eyes.
He took care of his language.
The forbidden elements of the Islamic Revolution are the things that educate the Islamic Ummah.
In this regard, I have taken a lesson from the recent messages of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution and I would like to present them to you.
If you take a closer look at the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, you will see that the first point that is presented in this message is the role of the hajj in the building up of the Islamic Ummah.
This was what Leader's message wanted to during the hajj.
For example, the role that the hajj plays in fulfilling the weaknesses of the Islamic Ummah.
The next point on the role of hajj is to say that hajj is the flag of Islam.
In one of the messages of the Leader, Ayatollah Khamenei stressed that hajj is the element of the movement of the people and that it reveals the role of Islam in politics.
If we take a look at the basis of the hajj, one of these is the staff of God's House.
That is to say, the entire nation is accompanied by the guidance and guidance of Allah the Exalted.
In essence, the first point referred to in this message is the role of the hajj in the history of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is the role the hajj plays in improving the morality of the people and the morality of the people.
And this is part of all the messages.
Of course, from the beginning to the end, the issue of purification and the use of opportunities in the holy places that are related to the hajj will be highlighted.
The third point in this message is to ‘ evaluate the greatness of Islam and its significance'.
Similarly, it is necessary to identify the ways that Islam has to deal with human problems.
The following point is to emphasize the issue of unity of Muslims, especially in the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, and this Islamic Awakening is the most important point of the issue of unity.
In this message, efforts are being made to promote and promote Islamic Awakening.
This unity is also mentioned and defined: as an example of the same clothes, the same paths, the same paths, the same status, and so on.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution stated that Ka'bah is the symbol of monotheism and it is the symbol of unity.
The Islamic Ummah has been exposed in these weeks to the greatness of its power, including material, spiritual, national and cultural power. They remind the people of the greatness of its power which the enemies are trying to undermine.
Similarly, one of the issues related to these messages is that of revealing the plots of the arrogant powers of the world.
The arrogant powers of the world have been martyred during all these weeks in order to remove the Islamic Ummah and the reasons for their evil behavior.
Their work and the important issues that are taking place in Muslim countries - including the issues which have been lost by the enemies, their efforts to create ethnic fitna, corruption and killing and their propaganda against the Islamic Ummah.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on September 11, 2011 by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
Because thanks to the Revolution and Islamic Awakening, the plots of the arrogant powers of the world have been defeated by the arrogant powers of the world and the enemies of the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution described the arrogant powers of the world as the enemies of the weak and human rights and the supporters of terrorism, hypocrisy and colonial rule in Islamic countries. One of the important issues is the secret of the role of the mercenary governments in the region.
The final point is to introduce the Islamic Republic as a successful model in dealing with the arrogant powers of the world.
What are the consequences of these events in other countries?
Is he in a position among intellectuals and politicians of Islamic or Arab countries?
On every trip and assembly we attend – we visit about 50 countries every year – we meet people, groups and leaders of Islam, especially the leaders of political and political groups of different countries and activists.
That is to say, despite the weaknesses that we have in order to convey this message, wherever there is an opportunity to convey this message, it has a profound effect.
The issue of diplomacy is spreading in the world. The issue of diplomacy is spreading in the world.
Can the hajj message be viewed as part of the entire Islamic Republic's diplomacy and a way to transform the Islamic Revolution?
This is the message of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to Muslims.
One of the ways that we can strengthen the hajj and react to the efforts made to counter the hajj and the role it plays in the life of Muslims is that these things have a profound effect on us. Of course, as I said, we fail to deliver them.
The tragedy is that many of the algaeans go from distant places and suffer many hardships but fail to understand the message contained in the hajj.
The Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, is the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran.
I hope the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household will make efforts to safeguard the understanding of the hajj and safeguard the hajj message so that the hajj will play a role in the education of the Islamic Ummah.
Leader’s Speech to Shia Teachers and Ahlussuna of Kermanshah - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 12, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Shia and Ahlussunna teachers in Kermanshah province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Allah the Exalted is saying: "In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful."
Those who believe the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and fear Him and are not afraid of anybody and God is worthy of becoming the Holy Prophet" [The Holy Quran, 33: 39].
For me, one of the most joyful meetings is the meetings of the esteemed teachers who are serving in different parts of the country and the youth who are busy in the arena of religious education and religious education.
Thankfully today the dear brothers and sisters, the esteemed scholars and teachers of the Sunni and Shia province have all gathered in this meeting.
There are certain issues that I would like to discuss, but before I explain what I have, I feel that I should thank the clergyman of the world who, according to Ayatollah Burujerdi's instructions, lived in this province and was rewarded for his efforts by martyrdom.
I had many meetings with him at his home in Kermanshah.
We met at a number of the meetings that were held in the province’s Imam Khomeini’s (a.s.) meeting in Islamabad, which was held in Yazd by the late Shahid Sadiq.
The summit was held under bombing (precedented by the Iraqi Armed Forces because it was during the war), and we were present at the same time.
His humility, his deviation from the world, his lack of self-confidence and physical concerns are one of the characteristics that belong to him.
He was also rewarded by Allah the Exalted. During the end of a long life, he was richly rewarded with martyrdom.
I have repeatedly said that martyrdom is a business death and that martyrdom is very profitable.
Without a doubt, there will be no time when life will end, "Every soul is on the basis of death" [The Holy Quran, 3:185].
We are interested in gaining this advantage.
Allah the Exalted is the buyer of life for believers. [The Holy Quran, 9: 11] Allah the Exalted is the buyer of life.
In this province too, our former friend, Hajj Agha Baha'kun Mohammadien Araki, was one of the people who received this martyrdom.
The late Agha Hajj Baha was one of Imam Khomeini's students and one of our friends in Qom.
Allah has bestowed mercy on these two martyrs.
I would like to mention the esteemed, humble and dear scholar, Hajj Agha Mohammad Hajj Akhund, who was also one of our dear friends at Hujjatya, Qom. He was faithful, sincere, sincere and sincere.
He received divine blessings.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before becoming the president of the country, one of my visits to Kermanshah, I went to his home and saw his artistic work.
After the death of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), he sent me for one of his duties.
I ask him to write me this narration, which reads: "Everyone who is appointing a leader for a society should first read his own text before he reads his own text" in order to make him stand before my table.
He wrote this to me with a good post, and I put him in a board to put him ahead of me.
This is the problem with our work.
You dear youth, brothers and sisters, if we want to be like a blossom that creates perfumed blossoms and if we want to be like the waters whose thirst is not necessarily eliminated by the people, the way to do this is: "the first to read it."
The Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, reads: "There is fear of God among His servants only, and fear of God is one of the characteristics of teachers.
Of course, teachers have certain characteristics, but fear of God is elected.
The quality of knowledge is that one enjoys this great blessing - that is to say, fearing God - in one's heart.
You dear youth will be able to do this more quickly than I am. When you grow up, if a person does something in his youth, this will benefit him. Otherwise it will be difficult for him.
This life will be safeguarded. Some will reach old age, while others will not.
You should know that the gap between the 20th and 30th and 70th - that is to say, our age is a gap. The gap will be like the electricity system.
When you are 20 years old, you think there is a time before you are 70 years old.
If a person is prepared to do something within a very short period of time, he or she will be able to do something, he or she should be prepared to do something since his youth.
Therefore, I would like to call the esteemed students to self-examination, to reverence, to fear of God and to seek spirituality, which is more important than calling to knowledge.
If knowledge is available but without fear of God, this knowledge can be useless, sometimes harmful.
We have a teacher - who has religious and non-religious knowledge - who did not only benefit from it, but it was a disaster for him.
This spirit of closeness to God is essential to knowledge and teachers.
Kermanshah is a very important city.
As Mr Ulama said a long time ago, Kermanshah had prominent teachers - such as the families of Al Agha, the families of Jalili and other educational facilities that contained prominent teachers - not just one person, two or ten people - but also a educational facility.
Another point in this chapter, which is very sensitive to Kermanshah, is that just as the people of Kermanshah are kind and sympathetic to the people who have come, teachers have the same characteristic, at times even more.
The late Muhammad Ali (s.w.a.) — the late wahid Bahbahani, who was one of the greatest students of his father — stood up to Kermanshah to keep living.
Although he did not intend to live, he remained, they took him away, and he became a member of the Al Agha Family.
He and many of his children were among the teachers.
This is an example.
Another example is the late Agha Sayyid Hussein Haeri, who came to Mashahad at the end of his life.
I still remember certain things about him.
He was the sister of the late Agha Seyyed Mohammad Isfahani, the student of Agha Seyyed Mohammad Isfahani and the student of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi, who came from Iraq and lived in Kermanshah for many years.
He was executing judgment in Isfahan.
He is the master of divine knowledge and calculations.
He was also among those who were trained by the late Akhund Mulla Fat'ali Sultan Abadi, who was then in Samarra.
Another teacher is the late Sardar Kabuli, a prominent expert on various arenas.
This book, which was written about him, was rich and beautiful. I have seen this book many years ago.
It was estimated to be six years old in Kermanshah. High teachers benefited from it.
I read in this book that the late Hajj Agha Hussein Kummi (a.s.) on his trip to the holy places or on his return trip, came to Kermanshah for a meeting with the late Sardar Kabuli.
The book writer said I am witness to dwelling - I think he was witness to me personally because he was reading the book for many years - that is to say, hajj Agha Hussein Kummi, a marja and a cleric, but he was sitting in front of Sardar Kabuli and was teaching him this scientific discourse.
This is the lesson itself.
This becomes not just a fault or a fault for a prominent teacher but a source of pride.
You dear youth should follow this path and make progress.
This man, a Kabulite, grew up in India and then went to Najaf from there to Kermanshah and was received there with a welcome.
The late Sardar Kabuli spent 60 years in Kermanshah.
The late Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani himself is one of the teachers who moved to this town.
This city has this characteristic which shows that the hearts of the people are welcomed by religious teachers.
When they find a person and they understand his characteristics, they would welcome him so much that they would not assume that he was not in their homeland.
The late Ashrafi was a man of Isfahan, but he felt that he was a man of Kermanshah. He became a man of Kermanshah.
What I said was a clearance of the arena.
I would like to mention a few points.
Dear teachers, dear students, and great tomorrow!
For two reasons: the first is that the opportunity to spread the message of Islam in the world - whether in Muslim countries or in non-Muslim countries - will be clarified.
Therefore, the responsibility will be increased.
Today you are in the same situation.
You should not be afraid. " They are afraid of Him and they are afraid of everybody's face to God."
You should not be afraid of anything, nor should you be afraid of the hardships that lie ahead of the path.
It is not that you should not say there are hardships, but you should not fear these hardships.
Act on what is expected to be impossible.
Was this not the case in Iran?
In Iran, something has been implemented that if all analysts of the world sit for hours in the day and spend their time, they will not be able to reach it unless it is possible.
Each commentator would say this work is impossible, but then it is possible.
I would like to tell you that even some of our activists are saying they will not be able to do so.
The late Ayatollah Talikani told me that Imam (r.a.) was saying, "It is necessary to remove the Shah", but he was obviously not going to go.
He did not believe that the Shah could be removed.
He told me later.
The Imam (r.a.) said that the Shah would be removed, nobody would believe, but he was removed.
Not only has Shah been removed, America has gone, western countries have gone and colonial rule and arrogance have gone away.
Nobody believes this, but it has also happened.
Nobody feels that the great Revolution of the time in Muslim countries will take place in Egypt. Egypt, the country that signed the Camp Tabid agreement, Egypt, Hosni Mubarak.
It may be expected to happen in a certain area, but nobody is thinking of Egypt. But the Revolution happened in Egypt.
These are the things that we should keep in mind.
We should take action in order to ensure that it will not be possible.
You should be determined to carry heavy loads so that you can. "Not even they are afraid of anyone's face to God".
The answer is: "God is enough to be Numbers": they should not forget God, God is Numbers.
And it is enough to be counted by Allah.
This is our path.
There we - as teachers - bear witness to the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and we - bear witness to the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and "the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) bear witness to the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
Allah the Exalted said, "And like that, we have set an enemy for every prophet. The witnesses of the people and the demons, their part, referred to the empty part of the event.
And if your God wishes, if they did not do it, let them have what they are crying for." [The Holy Quran, 6:112].
Therefore, if it is planned that I and you should declare the divine message, then we should be prepared to confront the demons and the people.
They will attack us, so we will be prepared.
In a spiritual sense, we should create a strong wall for ourselves - which is a wall of faith and patience - so that we will not be defeated and defeated.
Rushing and suffering from evil depression is the result of running and suffering from evil depression.
One's pain is the result of one's pain.
If you are not defeated in the heart, nobody will be able to defeat you.
The refuge which is necessary for your hearts is the refuge that belongs to God and that belongs to God. "So the people should rely on God." [The Holy Quran, Sura Ibrahim, Sura Ibrahim, Sura Ibrahim, Sura Ibrahim, Sura Ibrahim, Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah Ayah
This is a lesson for all of us.
We should read the Holy Quran with all our thoughts.
Today the witness that comes to you through internet, humanity and other modern means of communication also has many modern-day statements.
Currently, there is a lot of oil shortages in a particular area. I have a story about this.
These are some non-religious reports. In some Muslim countries many people are being killed in order to prepare Sunni communities for an Assembly of Shia resistance.
On the other hand, they charge a Shia preacher to appear on a TV in the name of Shia, accuse Ummul Muminina Aisha, harass her and insult her.
These are the ways in which they are following.
Because causing discord is a great blessing for them.
Here I would like to tell you that your province is the homeland where Shia and Sunni people live together.
Shia and Sunni teachers should prepare for meetings and get to know each other and speak to each other.
We have tasks that we have associated with.
You may hold back from believing, but you can do your partnership.
If they want to do research, they should do it, but otherwise.
I believe in the Islamic Revolution and I believe in the Islamic Revolution, and I believe in the Islamic Revolution, and I believe in the Islamic Revolution and I believe in the Islamic Revolution, and I believe in the Islamic Revolution and I believe in the Islamic Revolution.
However, in spite of these factors, there are certain things that have been associated with.
The Shia cleric was willing to speak in his people, and the Sunni cleric was willing to speak in his people, using their power and talks to address these common problems.
Today there are some people whose weaponry is the weaponry of blasphemies. They are not ashamed of calling themselves blasphemies.
It is necessary to reject this issue of the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, all these things are accompanied by the writing we have spoken about.
Another responsibility is the responsibility of learning.
I heard that there were Kermanshah scholars who were studying in Kum — who were undoubtedly familiar with our brothers and sisters. They should come and exile, or if they do not return, they should come at a particular time. They should come and spend two, three, and four months in the year.
Therefore, the issue of knowledge is very important.
Of course, in terms of education, there is the issue of communication, which is very important.
There is a lesson that comes to the lesson that I give. Sometimes it fails to come and I do not see it at the lesson.
After a while I saw him again, I asked where you are. He said I’ve been witnessing there — one of the distant cities of Khorasan province. But what happened next, he said I realized that I didn’t have anything to learn to benefit those people.
This is to know who is being addressed.
Today, take a look at the youth whom I have studied.
In your own city of Kermanshah, the graduates are very numerous.
Sometimes this is not the case.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, in all of Kermanshah provinces, university students may not have been more than three.
In the meantime, those who have recorded these messages are ten times more likely than ever before.
These youth, who are faced with various propaganda and statements, have questions to raise.
You should identify their questions, prepare their answers, and then sit at the meeting.
Dear God, try to identify with whom you will speak, identify their thoughts, answer them according to their thoughts and the requirements of the Holy Quran and Sunni Quran and the words of the magnanimous people.
This is what Mr. Mamduhi said, and this is what he said. The book of Ayatollah Motahhari, the book of Mizan, came and organized them in an appropriate way and presented them to solve the problems of the youth.
You stayed in Kum.
You should do these things.
Just think about education as you think it is to ask for more education.
Dear God, purify the hearts of those to whom you speak and train them.
And this education, as I said, "Everyone who makes himself head of a society should first read his own lessons before teaching his own lessons."
It is necessary to carry out this difficult task.
Teachers should get involved in social issues, but the important point is that they should get involved in the issues of teachers and they should get involved in the behavior of teachers.
One of the characteristics of teachers is that through teachers, behavior, kindness and guidance, they attract the people who speak to them, assure them of this.
It is everything.
A person whose relationships are broken, if he can safeguard his relationship with peace, he will be saved.
It is a very important point.
Dear God, commemorate those with whom you speak with e-mails and encourage them to participate in parliamentary meetings.
I don't know whether this annual event is held at Kermanshah or not. You should hold it here.
Shia and Sunni preachers should not harm their brothers.
Go with one another and show empathy for one another.
There are certain things that have been associated with, and work can be done together.
If this happens, Allah's favorableness will continue.
I would like to tell you that when the Islamic Revolution prevailed, Islam gained a new spirit and power in the world.
Was this a very powerful machine capable of causing such a great storm in the west?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the greatness of Imam (r.a.) has shaken western countries, and the colonial system has been shaken.
They turned to the Holy Quran and got some information about Islam and became lovers of Islam.
At that time, they started trying to destroy Islam, and this continued. The second goal was when the Marxist regime was defeated.
In Islamic countries, there are so many youth who are sincere and sincere in their wishes for the Marxist regime. They assume that if the Islamic Republic is established, poverty, injustice and indiscriminacy will be eliminated from their countries.
Some of them are honest people. I have seen some of them, whether Muslim or non-Muslim. They are honest people but do not believe in Islam.
They have become disgraceful because they think that there is hope in the people.
But when a nation is defeated, it feels that this is not the case, there is no advantage in it.
Therefore, they followed the path of Islam.
All the groups of youth whom you witnessed in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and elsewhere - all of them were from the Islamic slogans. All of them were from the backwardness of the 1960s and 1970s - about 40 years ago.
The same is true of our country. I do not want to mention it.
There are some people who speak about Islam, but in the light of these statements, they are really an insignificant ideology.
Following the defeat of the Islamic Revolution, all these isolated groups turned to Islam. They were looking at Islam, they were looking at the Quran, they were looking at Islamic governments, they were looking at the Islamic Republic.
In a system that is solidly based on Islamic principles, it has been opposed to all modern and progressive attacks, and oppressive people are opposed to it, but it still stands like a stone.
Those who are looking for the things they are looking for in Marxism and democracy but who have not managed to are defeated. Meanwhile, they see what they are looking for in Islam.
What do you think?
They want to undermine this issue, but it cannot be undermined.
In the U.S. Economic Center, New York, on the Wall Street, which is the source of global logistics, thousands of people gathered and said that they are not interested in logistics. They are not interested in logistics, they are not interested in logistics. university students join them and say we are not interested in logistics.
This is what we say. We used to say from the beginning that neither the East nor the West - namely, we did not approve of the social system, nor did we not approve of the social system.
You should be prepared.
Teachers of Islam should be prepared.
By Allah's favor, we should ignore logical and logical statements. We should take to heart the teachings of Islam that are based on the Holy Quran and Sunni Quran and the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran.
If you do, you will see how your love for Islam will grow.
I have many things to say with you, but I have a lot of things to say with you. I have a lot of things to say with you.
Dear God, put religious scholars in the things that you believe.
Dear God, bestow success on these dear youth and these religious scholars - both in Kermanshah and in Kermanshah.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and guidance on all of us.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir
In a statement, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution appointed Dr. Abdul'ali Ali Asgari as the new chairman of the Islamic Republic of Iran's Radio and Television Corps (IRIB), after approving the retirement appointment of the former President of the Islamic Republic of Mohammed Sarafraz.
The following is the full text of the statement.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dr. Abdul'ali Ali Asghari (may God bestow His victory on him).
I would like to thank Mr. Muhammad Sarafraz for the efforts made by the Revolution and I would like to thank you for the greatness of the Revolution's enthusiasm and enthusiasm which should not be forgotten. I appoint you as the chairman of the radio and television service.
What I should tell you was in my letter to Mr Sarafraz when I appointed him (this position).
Therefore, I would like to emphasize the importance of organizing, preserving, attracting, educating, and educating the laborers of the Revolution's Guards Corps. I would like to emphasize the importance of influencing the media in modern times and of relying on Allah the Exalted.
I ask Allah the Exalted to bestow His assistance on you in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
22, Urdebehesht, 1395
(11 May 2016)
Leader's Speech at the 24th anniversary of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) death - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on the occasion of the 24th anniversary of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) death.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and prepared household, especially the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us another opportunity and a few more years to re-respect our magnanimous Imam on this occasion and to express our love and appreciation for him.
Although Imam Khomeini (r.a.) has always remained alive in the hearts of our people, the 14th of Khordad is the manifestation of the Iranian nation's love for the immaculate Imam (r.a.).
Meanwhile, this day is the day of the martyrdom of his great grandfather, Imam Musa ibn Ja'far (a.s.).
This year is also the fifth anniversary of the important event of Khordad of the year 1342 [The Holy Quran, 1964], the beginning of the Revolution.
The 15th of Khordad is a very important and determined day.
I would like to talk about this in a specific way before going to the main point and I have to talk about it personally.
The 15th of Khordad is not the beginning of a great movement of teachers and people.
Before Khordad, there were some important events that took place in the year 1341 and early 1342.
For example, what happened at the Persian seminary took place on February 2, 1342, leaving religious scholars to be slumbered and slumbered by the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) father, Ayatollah Golpagani.
Meanwhile, the people’s protests in Tehran’s market began at the end of 1341, and the honorableness of the chief marja, Ayatollah Hajj Sayyid Ahmad Khunsari.
These are all indications that the teachers' movement in the year 1341 and early 1342 had reached a prominent level in the sense that the police and security officials of the oppressive regime used a lot of power against teachers and scholars and even martyrs.
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important time.
The reason is that what happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342.
On Ashura that year - which was the 13th of Khordad - Imam Khomeini delivered an important discourse at the Islamic seminary.
The Imam (r.a.) was later arrested by security forces on the 15th of Khordad, in Tehran, and in Qom and other cities. During the day of Khordad, a popular movement took all its power, including the Army, the Police, and other military personnel.
It is noteworthy that such a relationship is the duty to advance and lead the movement towards success.
And wherever a movement is accompanied by the people and wherever it is accompanied by them, this movement will continue.
But if people do not participate in a movement that shows disapproval, it will not succeed.
This is as the case in Iran during the constitutional Revolution. The so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-called so-c
The more people enter the arena and support a movement, the more the people think, the more the people think, the more the people think, the more the movement will be.
This is what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
In Tehran and other cities, after hearing the news, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was arrested and forced the government to enter the people with all its power and power. He killed a large number of people.
The streets of Tehran are filled with the blood of God's faithful servants and zealous youth.
On the 15th of Khordad, the flag of dictatorship and the heart of the unbelievers of taghut became apparent.
Another point in the 15th of Khordad - which should our youth and dear people pay attention to - is that during the massacre of the people in Tehran and other cities, no national and international centers called themselves human rights centers would say anything.
People and teachers were alone in the arena.
And those who claim to be nationalistic - claiming to support the resistance of the government - also deny this movement.
When those who seek relief and rejoice fail to their place in the battlefields, they will immediately criticize the righteous people for their resistance, their righteousness and their transgression.
With the support of the people, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) continued his movement and reaffirmed to the world and history of his role as a religious leader and determined to his goal.
The Imam (r.a.) had three things to believe in, and these are the things that gave him determination, courage and resistance: faith in Allah, faith in the power of the people and faith in the power of the people.
The Imam (r.a.) was speaking from the heart and the people responded to his call with all their belongings.
They entered the arena with firm resistance.
They led this movement, which had no supporters in the world, to victory.
Let me explain the three beliefs that the Imam (r.a.) had.
These are some important things which if we understand them, they will enlighten our path.
Referring to faith in God, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was the symbol of the Holy Quran, which says: "When people say to them, the people have gathered together for your sake, fear them.
Their faith was strengthened, and they said: "God is the Exemplar of us." [The Holy Quran, 3: 17].
If you help God, he will help you." [The Holy Quran, 47: 7] This is a divine promise which will definitely be fulfilled.
In terms of religious faith, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) understood the Iranian nation as well as the meaning of the term.
He believes that this nation is faithful, cautious and brave. If there is an appropriate leader, it will be able to manifest itself in all areas like the sunlight.
The Imam (r.a.) trusted this. If the Iranian nation was humbled at a certain time by the unsuitable people such as Shahid Hussein, then brave people like Nadeer Kali (a.s.) would appear among the people and lead the Iranian nation in a brave way. Our nation would be able to turn from Delhi to the Black Sea.
He understood the Iranian nation and was loyal to them.
He demonstrated their religious enmity in the way the Iranian nation is an example of firm determination and insight.
The people were most sympathetic to Imam (r.a.) and the enemy of the people.
This is why you think that the Imam (r.a.) never failed in the battlefield against the arrogant colonians because the colonians were opposed to the feelings of the people and that the Imam (r.a.) saw the enemy of the people as an enemy.
On the issue of self-confidence, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) taught the Iranian nation that ‘we can.
He revealed his power to the world. In spite of extreme pressure in the year 1342, the Imam (r.a.) said in front of the Qom students in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) school and reiterated: "On the day of the year 1342, the Imam (r.a.) said in front of the Qom students of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Qom students of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Qom students of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
He was a clergyman in Qom, who did not have any weaponry, money or national support.
It is faith in God and self-confidence that guarantees one's determination in this regard.
Similarly, when Imam Khomeini (r.a.) returned from exile, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) openly threatened the Bakhti's government and said: "I will beat the Bakti's government.
The Imam (r.a.) trusted in his power.
By Allah's favor, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) sent him to the people.
Some people believe this. One of the powerful weapons that the enemy has made to establish its control over other nations is to make them feel ‘no can’t do anything’ in order to be loved by the people and to assume that we are not able to do anything.
This is how they fed the Iranian nation for years in political, scientific, economic, and other areas of life.
He told the Iranian nation that ‘You can’
He returned to us with courage, re-established our determination in positions of responsibility, re-established our trust and self-confidence.
We have made progress. Therefore, the Iranian nation, for the past thirty years, has been successful in all arenas, I will discuss with it in the future.
The faith of Imam (r.a.) - that is to say, faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence - is the foundation of all his statements, actions and policies.
At the beginning of this resistance, the three beliefs strengthened the Imam (r.a.).
The same was true of the time he was forced into exile. The same was true of the time he went to Paris and the same was true of the time he returned to Iran.
These three things gave Imam Khomeini the strength to re-establish Tehran in the same situation.
In the case of Bahman 1357 (the time of the victory of the Islamic Revolution), in the era of domestic war, in the era of the proclamation of the Islamic Republic, in the era of resistance against the oppressive powers of the world, in the era of the proclamation of the slogan “Not East and Not West”, in the era of the Sacred Defense Era, in all the events that took place during the past 10 years of Imam Khomeini’s life, all these three faiths were manifested in the era of Imam Khomeini.
These three factors are the basis of Imam Khomeini's position and everything he is doing.
Until the end of his life, no one had seen any indication of weakness, tiredness or doubts in the words and actions of the Imam of the Age.
Many of the people of the world's Revolution have doubts about what they are doing every year.
Sometimes they get back from quoting the words they said earlier.
But Imam Khomeini (r.a.) spoke at the end of his life even more enthusiastic than he had in the year 1342.
He was old, but his heart was young, and his spirit was alive.
This is the firm determination which is mentioned in the Holy Quran and which reiterates: "Even if they were firmly established on the path, I would have watered them even more" [The Holy Quran, 72: 16].
In another verse, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said, "There are those who say, Our Lord is Allah, and the angels are upon them, fear and do not be grieved and speak about the Paradise with which you have been promised." [The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) three faiths reminded the Imam (r.a.) to think about His path to this nation, and they gradually revealed their hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes, hopes,
The Iranian nation changed its power and Allah the Exalted changed its condition: "God does not change what he is doing for the people except what he is doing for their hearts." [The Holy Quran, 13: 11].
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation managed to change its path.
What was the result?
There are many things that our youth should know about the reliance that the Pahlavi regime - which was worse than during the Kajar regime - made with England and later with America.
This reliance on them is ashamed.
After the victory of the Revolution, one of the prominent American diplomacy officials said and wrote: "We are telling him what he needs and what he does not need."
They are telling him that it is necessary to lay down the coral, but the coral is necessary to lay down it.
To whom you should sell, and not to whom you should sell.
If a country is relying on others, it will be transformed into a free and honorable country.
The country is ruled by corrupt, trustworthy, monetary and materialistic leaders, but it is replaced with representatives.
They were replaced by officials and elections.
Over the past thirty years, the governments of the country and the economic and political affairs of the country have been representatives of the people.
They did not pay their own salaries when they ruled - in fact, some were superior to others - this was a very important point.
These evil politicians in front of the enemies and their anger against the people have turned themselves to representatives. Our country, which has made progress in the arena of knowledge, has been transformed into a country for scientific progress.
Until the victory of the Revolution, we did not have any success in the scientific arena of our country.
Is this insignificant?
Global media organizations predict that over the next decade - 2017 - Iran will reach the fourth level of knowledge in the world.
Is this insignificant?
We belong to a country where if we want to build a road, a big street, a waterfall or a company, we need to direct our hand to others so that the engineers from outside countries can build a waterfall for us, a road and a company.
Today, the youth of this nation, without any lack of self-confidence in the country, are building thousands of industries, mines, roads and inheritances in the country.
Should we close our eyes to all these things?
In the field of medical and medical care, for the sake of a serious illness or treatment, our patients should go to European hospitals if they have money, but if they do not have it, they should die.
Today, there is more complicity in our country than ever before - namely, in Tehran, in many other cities and in other important and dignified cities.
The Iranian nation does not need any foreigners in this regard.
We have reached the point of relying on ourselves in this important area.
Several regions of the country were abandoned at that time.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, she visited many cities and tourisms of the country, there were no shortcomings for rural areas.
Today, different kinds of services are being rendered throughout the country, in distant cities and in different communities.
Today nobody can say that there are no electricity or that there are no electricity or that there are no electricity or that there are no electricity or that there are no electricity or that there are no electricity or that there are no electricity or that there are no electricity or that there are no electricity.
At that time, the total population of the country prior to the victory of the Islamic Revolution was 35 million and at the time, 50,000 university students.
Today the number has doubled, but the number of university students has doubled twenty, up to thirty.
The number of university students means the number of teachers and universities.
In every distant city, there is only one university, two, five, and even ten.
At that time, there was also a state in which the number of high schools did not exceed the number of hands.
Today in this state, there are universities in all its cities.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation thanks to the Revolution and the determination of our youth and officials. This is what happened during the past thirty years.
These are very important things.
Thanks to the Revolution, important and fundamental projects have been carried out in the country. Hundreds of thousands of companies have been built in the country.
We used to import goods from foreign countries in the past year, but today we see that many of the goods are being exported in our country.
It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
These things were achieved with the blessedness of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) faith in the hearts of the people, namely, faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence.
It is not that we are saying these things to make us feel joyful and misguided.
No, there is still a great task ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we compare ourselves to the time of the taghut, we can see this victory in a clear way. But if we compare ourselves with what Islam wants us - namely, the country and the nation which is interested in Islam - that is to say, the nation in which we have the world's dignity, the world's dignity, the faith in morality and the fear of God - there is a great difference between us.
I would like to say this so that our dear and brave people should know that it is possible to continue this path through these three beliefs.
They know that there is a long way to go ahead, but you can, you can, and you can.
You will be able to move on this long path to the peaks where it is being reached.
I would like to mention these words so that you should know that the enemy's efforts to cut our hearts away are based on enmity.
The road map is in front of us.
We have a road map.
What is our road map?
The teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are clear. The teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are clear. The teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are clear. The teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are clear. The teachings of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) are clear.
I do not see any use of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) name, but we should forget his teachings. This is a mistake.
The road map was accompanied by Imam (r.a.) and he presented it to us.
In terms of foreign policies, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) taught: resisting the policies of colonialism, establishing brotherhood with Muslim nations, establishing relations with all countries in the world, except with those who have put their swords on the Iranian nation and showing enmity to them, fighting Zionism, fighting for the liberation of Palestine, helping oppressed people of the world and resisting the oppressors.
Imam Khomeini's greetings be upon us.
In the arena of culture, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: "The deviation of western culture from corrupt and satanic cultures, the abduction of intellectual influences and the abduction of hypocrisy and religion, the support of morality and Islamic judgments, and the fight against corruption and blasphemy in society."
In the economic arena, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) reiterated: “Relying on the economy of the country, relying on self-confidence and domestic resources, righteousness in production and distribution of wealth, supporting the inexhaustible people, fighting against the artistic culture and respecting material possessions – including these two things. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) rejected the oppressive and intellectual culture, but he also respected the right to own, invest and work.
The teachings of the Imam (r.a.) also require that we not tolerate disappearances in the world’s economy and that we should maintain our independence in the country’s economy.
The Iranian nation can reduce this prejudice by keeping this pattern in mind with firm faith and commemorating its magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can make progress.
In spite of the power and capabilities that we have, the Iranian nation will be able to follow the path that has already been set for the past 30 years, and Allah the Exalted will be a real role model for other Muslim nations.
But the issue of elections is the current issue.
My brothers and sisters, dear Iranian people!
The elections are the symbols of all the three beliefs that are accompanied by Imam (r.a.) and which should be accompanied by us. The elections are the symbols of faith in God.
It is our responsibility to play a role in the future of our country.
The Iranian people have this responsibility.
Also, it is the manifestation of trust in the people because elections are the manifestation of the people’s will and because the people’s elections are the manifestation of government officials.
Today it is the manifestation of your trust in you, because anybody who put his vote in the election box feels that he has played a role in determining the future of the country.
This is an important point.
Therefore, elections are a manifestation of trust in God, a manifestation of trust in the people and a manifestation of trust.
Any vote that you vote for any of the eight contenders - that is to say, any vote that you vote for - is against the Islamic Republic.
The vote for each candidate is not a vote for the Islamic Republic. It is a vote for this system and for the elections.
In the arena of elections, whether those who are presidential candidates or those who are voting - that is, I and you - believe in the Islamic Republic and the way the elections are conducted.
Second, the issue is that no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one, no one.
Our enemies, those who are inexhaustible, consider how they can pose a threat to the Islamic Republic. This is a great opportunity for the Islamic Republic.
Their goal is to conduct a free election so as to get the opportunity of the people to deviate from the Islamic Republic; or to create a fitna during the elections, as it did in 2009.
This is what the enemies of this nation want.
The enemies of this nation have forgotten the 9th of Dei (December 2009 – when the Iranian nation came in support of the Islamic Republic after the fitna of the year 1388). People who think that the majority of the Iranian nation are opposed to the Islamic Republic have forgotten that 34 years each year on the 22nd of Bahman, millions of people are coming in different cities to express their support for the Islamic Republic and they are prominently praying “God’s greetings be upon America”.
To reduce the presence of the elections, they have organized some of their scholars to speak through these media.
Sometimes they say that elections are well-established, sometimes they say there is no freedom in elections and sometimes they say there is no justice in public eyes.
No, they did not know our people. They did not know our elections. They did not know the Islamic Republic.
Is this true of industrialistic countries?
In logical industries, only if you are not one of the two or three parties and do not have the support of logical industries, their corporations and their survivors, you will be able to fight for elections.
There are certain people who do not have the support of the Zionists, who do not have the support of the arrogant capitalists of the world and who do not have access to the arena of elections.
They did not have media with them. Neither did they have TVs to deliver their programs.
Therefore, what kind of money they spend on sending out their plans for a minute?
In our country, contenders without being killed or disappointed, they will be given many hours to deliver their messages to the people.
Where is this happening in the world?
The only thing that has power in the arena of elections is law.
It is lawless that some may enter the arena of elections, while others may not.
The law appoints regulations that are intended to be fulfilled, namely, who are worthy of standing.
All of this is done in a law.
The enemies sit in a position to close their eyes to all these things. They speak about these things. Unfortunately, some God-fearing people continue to stress these things.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will respond to these people through their presence and their resistance.
And I would like to raise a few points to the candidates. This is their duty when they are fighting for the honorable candidates against some of the government's plans.
However, it is good for them to have the sense of determination, determination, determination, and determination.
They should pay attention to this point. I do not have any contenders. Meanwhile, foreign media will announce: "I prefer which of the contenders.
I would like to call those who want to attract the minds of the people to their defense to justice in speaking about them.
They said, but they did not mean blasphemy. The blasphemy should not be blasphemy of the prominent work that has been done in this government or in the previous governments.
The falsehoods should not be denounced by the falsehoods of the good deeds of the past.
Today, anybody who is in power in the country does not need to start working from the beginning because thousands of great achievements have been made.
Over the years, during the era of different governments, many construction projects have been carried out.
These things should not be neglected.
All these things should not be done just because we are faced with economic hardships and the cost of wealth, but we should deny all these things.
But if we have access to these problems, we should not deny all the things that have been done today.
Neither should promises be made that cannot be fulfilled.
I would like to invite all the contenders to say something that they would not be ashamed if they were recorded in the same time in the coming year.
You should make a solemn promise that when they are presented to you in the near future, you will not be able to control the responsibility of this and that person.
You should promise what you can do.
In our country and in the framework of our constitution, the president has great powers.
The power of the president in our constitutional constitution is very great.
The President of the Islamic Republic is the leader of the country. He is the leader of the country. He is the leader of the country. He is the leader of the country.
The presidential hand of the country is in different arenas.
The only limit that he has is the limit of the law.
It is not limited to the law, and it is not limited to it.
The law is prepared, not mechanical.
People who speak to people today should tell them what they can and what they need.
If they have plans and plans, they should tell the people about it and they should promise them to do their utmost to implement these policies and they should make use of all the means that the law has bestowed on them to carry out their heavy responsibility.
Some have wrongly thought that we should humiliate the enemy to reduce their anger against us.
They are trying to improve the interests of these people more than national interests. This is a mistake.
The enemy's anger was rooted in your presence, due to the presence of the Islamic Republic, because the Imam (r.a.) was alive in the hearts and emotions of the people of the country and because the 14th of Khordad is the day of Imam Khomeini's death.
This is the reason for their anger.
If our nation is steadfast, strong, able to reduce its needs, solve its problems, and economic matters are the main issue today, it will be able to strengthen its economy, and the enemy will be able to do nothing in the eyes of the Iranian nation.
In any case, what is important is our firm determination, our faith in God, our trust in the power of the people and our trust in them - both in the presence of the candidates and in the presence of the people.
My dear brothers and sisters, the ten days that lie in the arena of great trials, I hope Allah the Exalted will bring about good results during these great trials.
‘There is no power except by Allah the Exalted.
Imam Khamenei's Speech to European and North American Young People - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
To All European and North American Young People - Khamenei.ir
The recent events in France and similar events in some Western countries made me feel the right to speak to you directly.
I am speaking to you dear youth, not just because I have disrespected your parents, but because you are responsible for the future of your people and your country. And because I see that your hearts are full of truth.
I am not speaking to the politicians and officials of your government because I believe that they willingly and knowingly removed their policies from the path of truth.
Speaking to you is against Islam, especially against what you are being presented as Muslims.
During the past 20 years - that is to say, since the collapse of the Soviet Union - a great effort has been made to identify this great religion as a great fear.
Unfortunately, such an atmosphere of panic and terror is a tragic event in the political history of western countries.
I am not interested in speaking about the frightening and frightening speech that has already been placed in the hearts of western nations.
Returning to history, you will see that new writers of history have criticized the issue of injustice, justice, and western governments for international nations and cultures.
The history of Europe and America is embarrassed by the worship of people, colonial rule and oppression of innocent and non-Christians.
Your historical scholars and scholars are embarrassed by the shed bloodthirsty of religious denominations between Catholics and Protestants or ethnic denominations during secular and secular periods.
Rather, I want you to ask your experts why do western nations always wake up after a few decades or even a few decades of delay?
Why is the situation of the people dependent on what has happened in the history of the country and not on what is happening today?
Why are people denied understanding such important things as Islamic social, cultural, and intellectual concepts?
You know that the oppression, enmity, and fear of the other people are part of the arena in which all these oppressive and evil use of the people is shared.
Now I would like to ask you why has the old policy of terror against Islam and Muslims been restored?
Why does the system of ruling in the world today put Islamic thinking ahead of us?
What are some elements of the idea and teachings of Islam that are so fundamental to the policies and policies of global powers, and what can they do to undermine the face of Islam?
Therefore, the first requirement is to ask and analyze the reasons for this great attempt to dishonor Islam.
The second requirement is that in response to the great propaganda which is not called Islam, you should try to identify this religion with the truth.
A healthy mind punishes the obligation to know the realities of what you are being feared and to distance you from it. I am not saying that you should identify an Islamic person or an Islamic person, but I am saying that you should not be sidetracked from the reality that affects the world of today in order to a wrong goal.
Do not let them hypocritically introduce terrorists who are under their control as representatives of Islam.
You should get to know Islam from its main source.
You should know Islam through the Holy Quran and the life of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.)
Here I ask you, Have you ever read the Holy Quran directly?
Have you ever read the teachings of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and his morality and humanity?
Do you know the message of Islam by different means, not by media?
Have you ever asked your why this Islamic Revolution was formed and what it means to be the greatest culture, scientific progress and intellectual capacity in the world and to educate the greatest intellectuals and intellectuals of the world?
I would like to tell you that you should not let evil policies and idiosyncrasies keep you away from the truth and eliminate the possibility of judgment in righteousness.
Now that social media has destroyed the boundaries of the countries, do not allow you to be deprived of digestive boundaries.
Of course none of you will be able to fulfill it, but none of you will be able to create an inheritance of thought and justice for it.
While the challenge between you and the youth is a serious challenge, it can create new questions in your hearts and create questions for the truth.
Trying to find answers to these questions will provide you with an opportunity to identify new facts.
Therefore, do not let this opportunity deceive you into understanding the truth of Islam.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered on Monday by Ayatollah Khamenei.ir
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Ayatollah Khamenei, in a statement issued by Ayatollah Khamenei, appointed the former President of Iran, Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, as a member of the Assembly of Experts.
The following is the full text of the instructions issued by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad (God’s assistance)
Considering the valuable achievements you made during the eight-year presence of the Islamic Republic of Iran and your experience in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the Imam Ridha (a.s.) city of Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate household, especially upon the earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me another opportunity to meet you dear people, dear youth, dear people of Mashhad and dear brothers and sisters in this holy place of Abulun al-Hasan al-Ridha (a.s.) and we will be blessed for the new year by sitting under the shade of the Imam of the Age.
I would like to congratulate all Iranians on the occasion of Norouz and the arrival of the new year, and I hope our year will be a year full of blessings, happiness, enthusiasm and good deeds for the people of Iran.
There are some topics that I would like to discuss with you dear brothers and sisters.
The first point is a look at what happened to us, our nation and our country as well as what happened to us in the world and the region.
The reason why we are speaking about the issues of the year 1390 is that the Iranian nation has achieved a lot of achievements in this year because of the plots that the enemy and the alien residents have made for the Iranian nation.
The arrogance and arrogance of the leaders of the Iranian nation and their mercenaries and mercenaries in our region - they used their power, financial, propaganda and political power - to frighten the Iranian nation and make them disappointed.
Anybody who follows the propaganda of the Iranian nation can see clearly the efforts of the Iranian nation, economic efforts, political efforts, military threats, and other such efforts that they have made to prevent the Iranian nation from carrying out its efforts and making progress, making it bitter and afraid of its presence on the scene.
In fact, they want to establish this belief by teaching us what our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) has been and the Islamic Revolution has empowered us to deny that we are not able to do anything from the hearts of the people.
They made every effort to this goal. Last year was an extremely valuable year to this goal.
I would like everybody to realize that the opposite of what they wanted the Iranian nation to see by moving towards its path, the progress and the firm determination of the Iranian nation gave rise to it and reassured the entire world, including the enemy's "we can be done".
The reason why we are focused on the areas of power and achievements is to ensure that the Iranian nation has used its power and that the Iranian nation has made sure that the Iranian nation will not be able to do so.
It is not that we do not have weaknesses, we do not have weaknesses.
We named the year 1390 as "The Year of Economic Jihad". Therefore, this year (the first thing I spoke about) is from the issue of economy.
The efforts of the government officials in the arena of economic affairs and the unity of the people last year are commemorative.
One of the things that can be said in this regard is that this policy focuses on the support of the government.
In spite of all economic experts, whether in the past governments or in the present government, they have come to the conclusion that implementing this policy is a must in the country.
Of course this is a common issue, but it has remained unprecedented because of its problems and difficulties. But the government and the Parliament last year, in such a restrictive situation which is more difficult than ever before, focused on fulfilling this task, and a very important part of the project has been implemented.
The work is not endless, but what has now been done by government officials - whether in the government or in the parliament - and they have been supported by the people and the achievements have been made and the important and praiseworthy work has been carried out.
All of us have heard these things, but we should think carefully about these things. This is a great and important work.
One of the goals of this project is to distribute the support of the government to society in a fair way.
In a speech, I explained that in the past, the distribution of this kind of support between different branches of society is in a fair way; the distribution of this kind of support is in a natural way.
I have good news from different parts of the country that shows that this has a positive effect on improving the lives of people among the people.
This is one of the goals of this system and it is the most important purpose of implementing this law.
Another goal is to improve the production system and the economic system of the country.
On the basis of the statistics of economic experts - all of whom have shared in this regard - these things can be corrected through the implementation of these plans for the purpose of supporting the production process.
Another goal is to use the weapons wisely.
Since we are a nation blessed by Allah with oil, we are used to making unchecked use of oil, gas, and calamity.
The way we use these blessings is highly esteemed by many countries in the world - it is possible to say more than any other country in the world.
The issue, which is credible, shows us that if the project had not yet been implemented, the value of oil in the country would have doubled the value of oil in the country.
When we do not produce domestic oil, what should we do?
We should import oil from the outside, namely, that is to say, the Iranian nation should be mercenary and mercenary.
But as a result of this achievement, oil production has been achieved. Currently, domestic oil is almost equivalent to production; therefore, we need not import oil.
This was the work that was carried out in the year 1390 when our enemies imposed sanctions on us in order to defeat our nation.
But the youth in our community made efforts and they managed to deal with the enemy's machinations through their efforts.
One of the most important achievements that have been carried out in the past was the achievement of the people in the arena of knowledge and technology.
Knowledge and technology are one of the sources of stability and stability for the economy.
When a nation acquires knowledge and advances its modern technology, it acquires wealth and political power.
It is because the importance of scientific and technological advances makes this important.
I would like to receive different reports from different sectors every day so I can tell you that the progress that has been made in the distant country is far beyond what has been announced.
According to a report published by trusted international scientific centers - which is not shared by our scientific centers - that is to say, the most rapid scientific progress that is being made in the world is what is taking place in Iran.
In the year 1390 which corresponded to the year 2011 according to the report published by the global educational system in 2011 – which was only three months later – the Iranian nation made even more scientific progress than it did in 2010 and its progress was 20 per cent. What does this mean?
When the enemies of the Iranian nation insulted the Iranian nation and said that we had imposed violent sanctions on the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation managed to do something like that.
The Iranian nation is the first in the arena of scientific progress in the world, and it is the 17th in the world.
In the year 1390 we made progress in the arena of natural technology. In the year 1390 we made progress in the arena of natural technology. In the year 1390 we made progress in the arena of natural sciences. In the year 1390 we made progress in the arena of natural sciences. In the year 1390 we made progress in the arena of nuclear technology.
This twenty-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five
We have to put up an army that is to say, we have to put up an army that is to say, a thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty
They issued some counsel to give us uranium saying we should send our uranium to foreign countries, but we refused to accept it.
Brazilian and Turkish universities have come here to sit with our president and discuss and signed a covenant.
But after the agreement was signed, the Americans rejected it. They did not want the agreement to be signed, they wanted to learn more, use power and force to be submitted to it.
Because of the Americans' failure to fulfill the promise, the Brazilian and Turkish governments were embarrassed. This is the case of dropping Uranium to twenty per cent.
Last year, they produced more than 20 per cent of Uranah for the use of Tehran’s nuclear power and announced it to the world. Our enemies became distressed and lost access to it.
Of course they knew that Tehran's foundation was for medical production - that is to say, for the needs of the patients, for conducting research and for thousands of patients - but they also denied it (those products), refused to sell, advocating and seeking to be passed on to you.
Our youth quickly formed it.
It was a difficult and complicated job, but this was how it was carried out and there are many different products that are being produced in Tehran and Tehran.
This was the case in the year 1390s.
In essence, when the exchange of Uranium breaches in the country arose, it was saying that you gave the Russian country 33 per cent of the uranium breaches, Russia passed it to 20 per cent. From that time on, France passed the uranium breaches to us. Yes, our intellectuals and youth said that we can create this foundation for ourselves. They made efforts and made them to present it to the world.
This was the case in the year 1390.
The decline in the number of medications related to the six-time banking, the exorbitant export and the public services were all created in the year 1390.
These are some aspects to the achievements that were made in the year "The Year of Economic Jihad".
These advances are scientific, technological and scientific, but both of them have a direct impact on the economy of the country.
By the end of the year 1390 – that is to say, the last week – I was in charge at the oil centre.
I have seen many advances in different fields of knowledge which have been made in different areas. Therefore, one can say that these advances have not been made only in this area. These advances have not been made in our society or our dreams.
First and foremost, the spirit and feelings of jihad are within the hearts of those who engage in this work.
Like those who engage in jihad, they are in the arena of jihad for God.
There is a difference between those who work for money, those who work for status, those who work for prominence or those who work for knowledge and those who work as jihadists for God.
This is very valuable and very important.
The second characteristic is to see that our scholars have turned the sanctions that have been imposed on our nation into opportunities.
During these hours, some people told me that we are really thankful to God for imposing sanctions on us.
This spirit feels that the sanctions imposed on us by the enemies are valuable and important.
The third characteristic I have seen here is the greatest characteristic of self-confidence.
Some branches of the oil industry are available only for three to four countries; they do not allow anybody to acquire such art.
Over the years, our country has had to be trained in this arena in which the hardships and conflicts have killed many people.
But with my eyes, I saw that they were determined to say that we can.
This confidence among the people of a society and certain intellectuals and youth of a society is very valuable.
Another characteristic is trust in the youth.
Because labor belongs to the youth.
And youth are a source of light and innovations.
Another characteristic is the relationship between industries and officials. I have long had this characteristic.
I have always advised the officials of various branches related to the governments of the past to make efforts in order to establish relations between industries and officials.
Fortunately thereafter, I witnessed that such a relationship was guaranteed.
Of course this is the case everywhere, both in our industries and in our universities, and it will help us make progress as well as in our industries.
This aspect of the economy was the year 1390; the year when the enemies raised roots from the beginning to the end; sometimes they were threatened, sometimes they were under political pressure, and sometimes they were sanctioning us.
Currently, American mercenaries around the world are trying to impose these sanctions in their minds to harm the Iranian nation and create rifts between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
Other great achievements were made in the year 1390 and the extent of the diplomatic achievements that were carried out on the issues of the region in the year 1390.
The gathering of the Islamic Awakening, the Palestinian Armed Forces, the international international international international gathering without terrorism, the gathering of our youth and the Islamic Awakening is one of the activities that has been carried out in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has become the center to which the world of Islam has focused its attention.
In the arena of economic services, thousands of houses have been built for the public.
This is a very great and important number: houses were built in streets, streets and high roads.
These are the things that have been created during the past decade of justice.
Despite the plots of the enemies and their evil intentions, this nation has remained vigilant and made such progress.
Of course, it should be understood that the elections have not yet ended. I hope the people will be able to raise their voices during the second round of elections.
This election is very important.
I would like to inform you, I said in the past, about six months they have been trying to kill the people's guests so that they do not come out.
Sometimes they say that there will be a vote. Sometimes they say that if the people fail to vote, the enemy's opposition to the Iranian nation will be reduced. They have made various forms of propaganda to prevent the people from participating in the elections.
Sometimes by killing our fishermen — who for over six months had carried out three such terrorist activities — their aim was to intimidate and kill our people.
Over the past decade, the number of presidential elections during the elections by the Senate of the Elders and Representatives (a.s.) did not rise to 40 per cent.
You should compare this with the Iranian nation.
The Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, and the Holy Quran.
This election has proved to be a source of truth and power.
They have been misinformation, they have been misinformation, they have been misinformation, they have been misinformation and they have been misinformation, but this election cannot be denied.
This is what happened in the eyes of the people.
This election has become like a powerful media that has been able to reveal the realities of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to other nations in the world.
This is what happened in the year 1390 and the year in which the enemies used their power to harm the Iranian nation.
These are some of the achievements of the Iranian nation in the year 1390s.
Ever since the issue of nuclear power was introduced, the enemy has remained vigilant.
Of course they knew and even said that Iran does not want to develop nuclear weapons.
This is the truth. We are not looking for nuclear weapons. We are not looking for nuclear weapons. We are not looking for nuclear weapons. We are not looking for nuclear weapons.
What is the essence?
The main point is the firm determination of the Islamic Republic towards protecting the natural resources of the country.
Today - like economic, political, and scientific and military power - they are dependent on oil and fuel.
For many years, the atmosphere will be in need. This is a fact that everybody believes.
The arrogant powers know that their life depends on oil and gas.
If they fail to this low-priced oil, they will be forced to do something and they will ignore the pressures they are making in order to satisfy their needs. Such a day will be disastrous for them. On the other hand, western countries are faced with problems in the arena of blessings, and these problems are increasing on a daily basis.
The supply of oil and some European and western countries in general will be closed for four years, a few six years, a few nine years, and they must take advantage of the benefits of other countries.
The current US country, which has saved 30 billion pounds of oil according to our scholars’ estimate - which depends on the figures and figures of the U.S. export - will end in 2021, that is, nine years to come.
At that time, they would rely on the oil that originates from the Persian Gulf, more than half of the oil that originates from this region.
At that time, they will rely on the three essential oil resources of our region and the Gulf - one of which is Iran. I will explain this.
The Islamic Republic of Iran is one of the major countries in the world - not just the Persian Gulf - that is, the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Some countries are more than ours, while others are more than ours.
In terms of gas blessings, Russia is the second country in the world.
This is a sensitive point for the countries that use oil, the arrogant powers whose life depends on fuel, oil and gas.
The oil belongs to 15 years, but the Islamic Republic of Iran - according to the blessings that have been discovered today - will be oiled up to 70 years. This is very sensitive.
A country with oil and gas like that, what do arrogant powers want?
They want this country to be under a government and a government that is like a barrel in the hand of some countries in the region. These countries have oil and many other countries are like a barrel in the hand of the Americans: they should tell them how much oil you should know, they should tell them how to sell, they should say there is no problem.
If in Iran, which is a source of oil and gas, there is a nationalistic government that is resisting in order to safeguard this wealth, refuses to defeat this wealth and refuses to submit to the enemies' policies, it will be opposed to it.
Those who think that if we give up on the issue of nuclear power, America will end its enmity towards us, they have ignored this fact.
Their problem is not about nuclear matters.
There are countries that have nuclear weapons, and they are present in our region, but they are not concerned about them.
Therefore, it is not the issue of nuclear weapons or nuclear weapons, nor is it the issue of human rights.
The problem is that the Islamic Republic has stood before them like a lion.
If the Islamic Republic had been prepared to exploit its people as well as some other countries in the region, it would have been unprecedented.
The issue is their arrogance. This is the reason why they oppose the Iranian nation.
Of course the Americans are making a mistake.
It is a serious mistake to think that by means of enmity and threats, they can force the Islamic Republic of Iran to retreat, or they can remove the Islamic Republic from the scene.
Westerners do not allow their nations to realize how tragic they can be faced with in the arena of blessings.
They do not want their nations to understand the issue of oil and fuel. They do not want them to tell their nations about these things.
They think that they can make progress with the enmity of the Iranian nation.
Dear brothers and sisters, the Iranian nation, I would like to tell you that America is in a weak and weak state today.
However, I do not want to justify my intelligence or some other outstanding narratives. What I say is more obvious than the two accounts.
You should see that the current president of the United States has fallen asleep in power as a result of his re-appearance.
What does it mean to change?
That is to say, we are in a very bad situation. I want to change this situation.
Otherwise, American nations, known as racism, are not prepared to vote against anybody, but they do not vote against him because of their wishes for the change.
The effect of the Revolution on the Americans and the Americans is indicative of their deplorable behavior. The situation of the U.S. When this man stands on the contest, the U.S. provokes a bad situation and promises to bring about a change for the Americans.
Therefore, it is believed to be a bad situation.
I do not want to say this. The Americans themselves claimed that the situation was worse.
Did this man give rise to power?
Did he have the opportunity to change this dangerous situation?
And this debt is equitable or valuable for its domestic production.
This is a serious problem for a country.
This is the political situation of the Iranian nation: it has forced them to leave Iraq without achieving anything. In Afghanistan their situation is almost worse every day.
In Muslim countries, in Egypt, in northern Africa, and in Tunisia, America’s dignity has been lost in its eyes.
In addition to all these things, there was a global Wall Street movement in the United States.
Is this a good situation?
Therefore, America is in a difficult situation.
It may be that America threatens certain countries; it may be caused by rage.
There I would like to announce that we do not have nuclear weapons, we will not produce nuclear weapons, but in order to protect ourselves against any enemy attack against us - whether America or the Zionist regime - we will answer them in the same way that the enemy attacks us.
The Holy Quran assures us: "Not even those who are atheists will turn their backs on you and they will not have a helper, nor will they have a helper.
Allah's path, which is short of this, will not be replaced with Allah's path. [The Holy Quran, 48: 22-23].
No part of the Holy Quran says that if you start fighting, you will be defeated. You may be defeated and you may be defeated - just as the days of the Islamic Era and when Muslims attack, they are defeated and they are defeated in a certain way.
But Allah has promised that when the enemies start attacking you, they will definitely be defeated.
This should not be thought to be a case involving the beginning of Islam. No, "The path of God that has strayed away from this and will not be replaced with the path of God [to help believers against their oppressors]" is a divine name.
The Iranian nation is determined to take action. It does not want to take action against anybody, but it loves its dignity, wealth, status, Islam, Islamic Republic and all its power.
That is to say, when you are the buyers of domestic products, you are helping the Iranian laborers to create jobs and you are helping the Iranian laborers to invest and make progress.
The wrong-filled culture - which, unfortunately, includes certain parts of our society - that is to say, the use of foreign products is harmful for our world, for our progress and for our future.
Each of us is responsible, and we should support and strengthen our domestic production.
Therefore, today officials have a treasure in their hands, and they can use it to strengthen domestic production.
The same is true of the people - whether those who are rich or those who have the capacity to work - who should cooperate in order to work together.
You should be consumers and consumers of domestic products.
It is not for us to boast and it is wrong to use foreign products in our home, in our car, in our daily needs and in our domestic products. Often our domestic products are even better than local products.
I have heard that some of the products that are produced in certain cities of the country are going for the sign of foreign companies and are returned to them.
Of course, if they were sold here, the indigenous buyer would not like them, but because they had the French label, they would have to go and buy this garment, the garment, or the cloth that was created here. This is wrong.
The domestic products are very important.
In the arena of production, most of the work is in the hands of the people. This is part of the adjustment to the use of national blessings over the past two years. This is part of the admonition to the Iranian nation and another part of the economic jihad I spoke about last year. Getting domestic products is a very important point.
Dear brothers and sisters in all parts of the country, today we need unity and cooperation.
There are many causes for discord and discord.
Sometimes there is a difference between the two sides of the issue and the two sides of the issue, but this should not lead to discord.
Sometimes this is the case. Sometimes this is the case. Sometimes this is the case. Sometimes this is the case.
The Holy Quran teaches us: "Not even let your hearts be broken and your hearts be broken." [The Holy Quran, Sura Anfal 8: 46] If we struggle on various issues - political, economic and dictatorial issues - against one another, our enemies will be able to fight.
The violence of our enemies in the past is the result of the conflict that exists among us.
The Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) teaches us, saying: "Those who seek the truth but make a mistake are not equal to those who seek the truth and find it."
If an opponent is interested in the truth, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in religion and if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in religion and if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in religion and if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in religion and if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic, if he is interested in the Islamic Republic and if he is interested in the Islamic Republic.
He is different from a person who is guided by the Islamic Republic and is opposed to the Islamic Republic.
Dear God, bestow Your friendship and friendship on one another. Unfortunately, modern media and digital media have allowed people to speak harshly against one another.
However, the essence of this issue is that we should feel that we should imitate the morality of Islam.
However, some people should not consider these statements to be an obstacle to criticizing unreasonable statements of our revolutionary youth as supportive.
I would like to extend my support to all the dear youth who are enthusiastic and faithful in the Islamic Revolution. I would like to extend my support to all the young youth who are enthusiastic and enthusiastic in the Islamic Revolution.
Everyone should respect the law.
The Islamic Revolution is part of the Constitution of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the Iranian officials.
The government has respected the honorable council, the honorable council, the honorable government and the president of the country.
This does not mean that all of them should have different thoughts and feelings.
I hope that the year 1391, which starts today, will be an exciting and successful year for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, help our dear youth and our dear people make the right path.
Dear God, defeat the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us, and make us benefit from his prayers.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the Imam Ridha (a.s.) city of Mashhad on the first day of the new year.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Greetings be upon Siddikatur Tahira Fatima, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) daughter, and greetings be upon her, her father, her husband and her children.
I would like to extend my congratulations to all the dear brothers and sisters who have attended this great event.
I hope Allah the Exalted will prepare our hearts and tongues for his blessings.
It is appropriate for me that every year, in the celebration of Norouz, in the enthusiasm and enthusiasm of the people, I have the opportunity to be among you and to reflect on the issues related to the country, the conditions related to it, and we should look at the events that happened in the past and the events that will happen in the future.
Dear brothers and sisters, you should know that we, the Iranian nation, do not allow us to pay attention to our issues.
Some nations benefit from this experience. They look to the Iranian nation and they rejoice over the success of the Iranian nation.
When we win, they feel that they are successful, and when we are suffering, they feel hot and sad.
There are also certain people in the world who focus their attention on our work, but they are opposed to that of the beginning.
They are the mercenaries of the Iranian nation.
They are the people who have dominated all the affairs of the country for many years and they have dominated all the affairs of the country.
The Islamic Revolution came and broke their hands.
Therefore, they are opposed to the Revolution, they are opposed to the Revolution's government and the Islamic Republic.
Therefore, we are subject to considering a great number of human beings.
Therefore, when we look at our past and future plans, we should have a clear and accurate view of the future.
Some of our people take care not only of the weaknesses but also of the weaknesses that exist in the country.
They could not see anything except the cost of production, the decline of domestic production in certain areas and the pressure of the enemy’s number.
I have a different viewpoint.
When I look at the situation of our country and the situation of our people, I think it is a challenging and challenging arena, the Iranian nation is the one who managed to this goal despite the enmity of its enemies.
There are undoubtedly certain weaknesses and obstacles. There are bitter things in the country. Some of the most determined people in the world are working day and night to deceive the Iranian nation.
The inexperienced woman, who was previously serving as the secretary of state of affairs, was kindly saying we want to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic that would undermine Iran.
I will explain in the near future what they did and where they did.
Therefore, on the one hand, there is enmity and enmity for the enemy in the face of the challenges that the Iranian nation faces, and on the other hand, there are great achievements that show the power and capabilities of the Iranian nation.
When one takes a look at this arena, it is like sports in which talent is being made, but one champion is the winner and the others are commended for it.
The victories of this great arena are the Iranian nation.
Anybody who looks at this arena carefully and carefully will bestow mercy on the Iranian nation, just as we now hear the feelings of those nations in the world, including those nations that are opposed to the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, outstanding universities and people who know where the world is moving and who look at the situation and all of them appreciate the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to pay attention to the efforts made throughout the country and to the consequences of these efforts.
Who are these people?
I will explain this later on.
The enemies who do not want to see the progress of the Iranian nation in all areas have two basic plans: the first is that as much as they can, they will do whatever they can to see that the Iranian nation has not made such progress.
They will do this by imposing sanctions, by threatening, by interfering with government officials and other activities, by curbing the minds of the people and intellectuals of Iran from carrying out important tasks. Second, they should deny and deny the advances of their media. Today there are thousands of different media spaces that have engaged in this work in order to show the world that the Iranian nation has not made progress.
In his speech, the President of the United States referred to the economic situation of Iran. He referred to the achievements of Iran.
He argued that the value of southern Iran is high, and there are economic problems here and there.
However, he did not mention the good things that have been done in the country and the great achievements of the Iranian nation. We have faced these challenges for 30 years. I will explain what has been done during the past 30 years.
This year 1391 was one of the years when our enemies were too busy in their enmity.
They argued that we wanted to humiliate the Iranian nation through sanctions.
If the Islamic Republic stands firm and progressively, its dignity will be defeated.
Therefore, if they are not able to do so, they should not let it go. If they are not able to do so, they should at least try to do so through their media and propaganda.
Today they are doing these two things. They are trying to prevent the situation - that is to say, pressure, threats, sanctions and other such things - and they are trying to promote the achievements that have been achieved and minimize the obstacles that exist in the world.
We said there is an enemy.
Who are these enemies?
Where is the foundation of these plans for the Iranian nation?
The answer to this question is not difficult.
Today, it is 34 years now that the hearts and hearts of the Iranian nation are immediately referred to the US government.
U.S. officials should know that over the past 30 years, the Iranian nation has seen certain things that they have made from the time when the enemy is named, their hearts are immediately returning to America.
This is an important point which should be taken into consideration by any government that wants to live a dignified life in the world.
They are the foundation of these machinations and enmity.
Of course there are other enemies as well, but we do not see them as the first-ever enemy.
The Zionists are also the enemies, but the Zionist regime is not enough to make them a part of the enemies of the Iranian nation.
The officials of the Zionist regime sometimes threaten us and threaten us with military attacks. But as I think, they also know that if they do not know, the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" if they do not know.
The corrupt British government is also opposed to the Iranian nation.
England is one of the former enemies of the Iranian nation, but the British government is the US mercenary.
The Anglo-American government itself is independent, and no matter how self-denial enemy, it is an American mercenary.
There are certain governments that show enmity.
I would like to tell you that over the past few years the French government officials have revealed their enmity towards the Iranian nation.
A shrewd person, especially a politicians who know what to do, should not turn an inexperienced person into an enemy.
We have no problem with the government and France. We have no problem with France.
In our view, this is a mistake.
Speaking at the meeting, the Americans said that the countries of the world have named certain countries as the countries of the world: America, their Zionist mercenaries, the governments of England and other governments.
The world does not resist Iran and the Islamic Ummah. We should know that since the beginning of the year 1391, the Americans have been making their new plot.
Since the beginning of the year 1391, there have been severe sanctions against the Iranian nation: oil sanctions, banks on banks and exchanges between the Islamic Republic and other countries - and many things have been done in this regard.
They are opposed to their enmity, but they hope that the Iranian nation will not realize that they are the enemy and they are opposed to them.
In the past few years, in the meeting of Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Reza (a.s.) in a speech like the first year, I said that you should be careful not to say that your expressions of affection and affection are a privilege. You want to show friendship, but you are harmful.
The U.S. government has appointed a number of outstanding individuals to speak to the international community, to travel to these countries and to consult with the company leaders as they did not conclude a financial relationship with the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
And they will punish them if they enter into a monetary and oil relationship with the Islamic Republic.
They have started this work since the beginning of 1391, especially in the month of Morad, where they have intensified their efforts.
I would like to say in the past few months that the Americans used to express their feelings and say I was convinced that the sanctions had a positive effect. Of course, it would not have been said that the sanctions had a negative effect if they wanted to be happy.
Our economy has suffered from the problem of relying on oil.
We should separate our economy from the dependence of oil. Our governments should put this in their plans.
17 to 18 years ago, I told the government that they should make an arrangement in which we could close our oil store whenever we wanted.
At that time, some who called themselves “experienced” broke out and laughed and said that this was possible?
Of course, it is possible. It is necessary to move forward in this direction. It is necessary to act in a certain way.
When the economy of a country is occupied by a particular area, its enemies are focused on this area.
Sanctions have been influenced, but they are not influenced by the enemies.
I will explain this in the near future. This is true of the issue of economic matters. In the arena of political affairs, the enemies did their utmost as long as they could to see that they made the Islamic Iran alienated as they had said.
The governments should pay attention to the Islamic Republic. They should not allow the Islamic Republic of Iran to influence its policies in this region and in other parts of the world.
This was the opposite of what they wanted to see.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps ranked a third of all nations in the world. Leaders and officials of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps attended the Tehran conference.
Both of them have been thankful to the Iranian nation.
They told us, they said the same things in their interview with the media, and their nations believed the same things after they returned home.
That is to say, there is a difference between what the enemies of the Iranian nation expect.
They failed to influence.
In the political arena of the country and in the political arena of the country, the goal of making these sanctions is to raise doubts in the hearts of the Iranian nation about the course they have made.
On the 22nd of Bahman, the Iranian nation handed over to them the face of the Islamic Republic and the Revolution's Guards Corps with its appearances and expressions of love.
In the arena of security, they have done their utmost to undermine the health of the country, and government officials have been vigilant about these things in their media interviews.
In the political arena of the region too, they have tried to counter the influence of the Islamic Republic.
In the political arena of the region, they themselves proved that no regional problem can be resolved without the presence of Iran and the approval of Iran.
In the face of the Zionist regime’s attack on Gaza, the Zionist regime has been defeated by the Iranian supreme presence in the hands of the Palestinian activists.
They said - not we did - that unless the Islamic Republic had its presence and power, the Palestinian activists could not stand firm in the presence of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
Because during the eight-day war, the Palestinians managed to defeat the Zionist regime.
I said their efforts were not to be said to fail. They were effective, but on the other hand, they brought us a great victory.
That is to say, the sanctions imposed on the Iranian nation and their talents were imposed on the Iranian nation in such a great way that it would not have happened in the absence of the sanctions.
Our youth managed to victories without the sanctions. In the arena of construction, which I will explain in the future, we managed to make progress in the year 1391 compared to the past, it can be said that the year 1391 was not the same year.
Many international development projects have been carried out in the arena of construction, in the arena of power supplies, in the arena of innovations in the oil industry, in the arena of innovations in the uranium industry, in the arena of transforming power plants, in the arena of transforming power plants and in the arena of transforming power plants. Both of these are the things that will strengthen our economy in the future.
We made great progress in the field of knowledge in 1391.
In the field of knowledge and technology, the last year was a lot of work being done to please those who believe in the best future for the people.
That is to say, our dear youth and outstanding personalities sent human beings to the universe this year. A living creature was sent to the universe through the Peshgam machine. A modern-day airplane was built.
When this living creature was sent to the universe and brought about his life in perfect health, first of all, scientists denied this because it was a great astonishment for them.
Later on, when the truth was revealed to everybody, they found that they had no way to believe it.
In both medical and medical areas, great achievements have been made that affect the welfare of the people.
In the arena of natural knowledge, we are one in the region.
Large achievements were made, and certain products were produced.
All these things have been done in this year that the Iranian nation has been imposed on the right way of life and forbidden all human achievements.
This year, we have taken the lead in various important fields of knowledge.
In the scientific and technological competition, the country has made 33 per cent progress compared to last year.
In 1391, university students grew twenty-five times compared to the beginning of the Revolution.
That is to say, the number of our university students grew by twenty-five per cent last year.
This is the great achievement of the Iranian nation.
In the arenas, in nature, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas, in the arenas,
All of this happened in the year when the enemies of the Iranian nation did their utmost to defeat the Iranian nation.
There are valuable lessons from the events of the year 1391 and this lesson is that any nation that is alive will not be defeated by the enemy's threats and pressures.
She told us and all those who watched the issues related to Iran that what is important for a nation is relying on its power, relying on Allah the Exalted, relying on its own interests and not relying on the enemies.
This is what will sustain it.
The year 1391 was a testing arena.
Of course, we understand what weakness we have. This is the characteristic of the Iranian nation.
During the Sacred Defense Era, the Army recognized its power as well as its weakness in order to remedy it.
We understand what weaknesses we have.
And this weakness originates from our reliance on oil — which I said in the past is one of the weaknesses we have faced with — the lack of political, economic, and economic values as well as the daily measures in life.
The officials - the officials who are now in positions of authority and especially officials who will come in the future after the presidential elections that will be held this year - should pay attention to this issue.
Another important lesson that we have received is that the foundation of the country's building is a solid foundation.
When the foundation becomes strong, the enemy's machinations will be extremely effective.
If the esteemed officials of the country and such strong officials realize their responsibility and fulfill their duties appropriately, they will be able to turn any threat into a particular opportunity, just as we did in the year 1391 when we threatened the enemy to a particular opportunity to advance ourselves.
The effect of the officials and the people of the country in the year 1391.
Of course, the economy is a very important issue which I have discussed in the past few years, but the economy is not just a very important issue. National security is also very important, human health is very important, scientific progress is very important.
Because if knowledge continues in the country, other things that will come later will be easier.
International freedom and national dignity are also important. Independence and national dignity is important. The effect of regional affairs on a nation and a country is a guardian of this country's freedom and security.
In all these areas, we have made progress.
In terms of security and in terms of health, in terms of national and national impact and in terms of power and control, the country has to deal with different problems.
Through such progress, our nation has made sure that not being under the control of the US does not mean backwardness. This is a very important point.
Today America wants to show international powers that if you want a better life and progress, you should be in subjection to our authorities.
The Iranian nation proved this to be a lie.
Our nation has made sure that the lack of trust in America and other major countries is not only a source of progress, but it is also a source of progress.
There are such countries that are dependent on America.
We have this experience in the past 30 years. You should see how the Islamic Republic has achieved its 30ths and how the Islamic Republic has achieved its status and where these countries are.
Anyone who reads this, will realize that the lack of reliance on global powers is an opportunity for a nation, not a threat.
Thankfully the Iranian nation took advantage of this opportunity with its power, courage, and experience.
We had never done so in the past and we witnessed his victory.
An example of this is the issue of 20 per cent of the nuclear energy needed by Tehran's Research Center, where there are essential products that are needed by the country.
This small base needs 20 per cent of fuel, which at the time we did not produce, we imported from the outside.
They should take care of this national need in order to force the Islamic Republic to accept their statements and needs.
But even before the situation reached a position that could be a problem for us, our youth and outstanding personalities produced 20 per cent of the missed fuel in order to satisfy the needs of this system.
Our opponents did not expect us to do so.
But the officials of the Islamic Revolution recognized this need and strengthened the Islamic Revolution, and we managed to do so.
Just as they think that the Islamic Republic will come before them and that it is humbling and humbling, the Islamic Republic has announced that we have created this tool and that we do not need you.
If our intellectuals and youth did not do this, we would have humbled the people who were opposed to us in the face of the expensive claws that we used to make in the face of the people who were opposed to us, in the face of the people who were opposed to us, in the face of the people who were opposed to us, in the face of the people who were opposed to us, in the face of the people who were opposed to us, in the face of the people who were opposed to us.
The state officials realized this, and as soon as they realized it, they did what they needed to do.
Therefore, we managed to this goal. We managed to this goal. We managed to this goal. We managed to this goal. We managed to this goal. We managed to this goal. We managed to this goal.
The lessons they write should be in this regard; scientific research should be in this regard.
If they are to engage in creative or scientific activities, they should all be in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to build the country in such a way that it cannot be transmitted and influenced by the enemies.
We should safeguard it. This is one of the critics of the economy of resistance.
In the economy of resistance, one of the most important elements is making the economy vulnerable to any threat.
Economy should stand up against threats. It should stand up against the enemy's machinations.
This is the first point that I should tell you.
The second point is that the Americans repeatedly send messages to us in different ways and they ask us to discuss the issue of nuclear concerns. They send messages to us and they introduce them in their media.
The chief officials and officials of the Central America, on different occasions, tell us that after the 5+1 nuclear negotiations, America and the Islamic Republic of Iran should sit at the table of nuclear negotiations. I do not have any hope for this negotiation.
Why?
Because our experience shows that negotiating from the U.S does not mean that we should sit in order to identify the right way. This does not mean that negotiating is necessary.
What they mean is to sit down and talk to believe what we say!
Therefore, we have always announced that this is not a negotiation.
I don't have any hope for them, but I don't have any hope for them.
However, there are certain points that I should clarify:
The first point is that the Americans repeatedly send messages to us, sometimes in writing, and sometimes in writing, saying we do not intend to shake down the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Our answer is that we don't care whether you are going to shake the Islamic Republic or not, rather say at the present time that you are not going to change the Islamic Republic.
You could not do anything at all at that time. You could not do anything at all at that time.
The second point is that the Americans are sending messages that we really are in the issue of the negotiations.
That is to say, we really want a reasonable and logical conversation with you. That is to say, we do not want a compulsory conversation.
I would like to tell them: I have repeatedly told you that we do not mean weapons, but you say you do not believe.
What are some reasons why we should agree with what you say?
If you are not prepared to accept a logical and logical statement, what reasons do we have for believing in your statement which you have repeatedly proved the opposite?
Our understanding of the advice of negotiating with the Americans is a deceitful and deceitful approach to the people of the world and our people.
You should make sure that this is not the case.
Can you assure?
In this meeting, I would like to tell you that one of their strategies is that they sometimes spread the rumors that a group of people from the Leader went and spoke to the Americans.
This is a propaganda tactic, and it is a lie.
Meanwhile, none of the members of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution negotiated with them.
The third point is that what we have come to realize, the result of our experience and our vigilance on the scene is that America does not want this nuclear negotiation to end.
The Americans do not want this nuclear negotiation to end. Otherwise, if they want it to end, it will be a clear and simple solution.
What Iran wants with regard to the issue of the nuclear system is the world's responsibility to take away the uranium, which is its responsibility.
The most powerful countries in the world should believe that the Iranian nation has the right to demolish the uranium in its own country for the sake of peace in its country.
This is a great hope. This is what we always say, and this is what they do not like.
They say we are afraid that you are going to develop nuclear weapons.
They are from certain countries whose names I mentioned earlier. They name themselves as ‘ countries of the world'.
“The countries of the world are in anxious situation,” they said.
No, the countries of the world are not in any issue.
The majority of the countries support the Islamic Republic and our needs. They have done so because of the needs of the Iranian nation.
They can take to heart the responsibility of Iran to remove Urnium and they can take to heart the laws of the global nuclear agency.
When we approach the path to resolve the issue, the Americans will immediately place a card to stop the path to resolve the issue.
Their goal, as we can understand, is to continue this issue so that they can be under pressure.
The Iranian nation will never be humiliated by these pressures, just as they themselves say.
The fourth and final point in this regard is that if Americans really want an end to this issue, I will introduce a solution to them.
This is the way: the Americans should put an end to their enmity towards the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want the problems between us to be solved - just as they say we want the problems between Iran and America to be solved - they will end their enmity to us.
For the past 34 years, different American governments have been planned to harm the Iranian nation due to their misconceptions with the Iranian nation.
Since the first year of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic Republic, they have shown hostility to us.
In the arena of security, they have planned to harm our security. They have acted in a hostile way, they have offended our nation. They have supported our great enemies for many years. They have planned to harm our economy. They have used their power to harm the Iranian nation.
Therefore, I would like to call American officials. If they are looking for the right path, the right path is to correct their policies, correct their actions and end their enmity towards the Iranian nation.
There is another point which, in any case, I should take into consideration. It is the issue of important elections.
The elections in our country are a manifestation of political dynamism.
The elections are the symbol of political dynamism. The elections are the symbol of the establishment of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is the symbol of the presence of the people during the elections and the influence of the equitable people on the elections of the officials of the country.
The elections are the symbol of national freedom, the symbol of Islamic democracy.
Therefore, considering the importance of elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation have always tried to create a battle for Iran's elections.
They have planned to prevent the people from participating in elections, killing them, and causing them to be killed.
For many years, we have been holding elections — whether the elections are a parliament or a presidential elections — and our enemies have always tried to see the elections failed. This is because elections are very important in the country.
I would like to mention a few points in the elections. Of course two months have passed since.
But now I will mention a few points.
In the first stage, the first point in the elections is that the presence of the people during the elections is very important.
Public appearances during elections can reduce the impact of the enemy's threats; it can cause the enemy to feel complacent and defeat the security of the country.
Our people everywhere in the country should know that their great presence during the elections will affect the future of the country - including security, freedom, national security, economic security, and all the important issues of the country.
This is the first point. By Allah's grace and grace, the Iranian nation will make a big election.
The second point is that all parties and groups who believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in these elections.
This is a responsibility for everybody and it is a responsibility for everybody.
elections do not belong to a single party or political party.
All those who believe in the Islamic Republic's system and the freedom of the country and who are interested in the future of the country and are interested in the progress of the country should participate in these elections.
Turning the backwardness of the elections is appropriate for those who oppose this system.
The third point is that the general opinion of the people is based on the results of the elections.
You should conduct a self-examination of the candidates and consult with the people you believe in so that you can identify the best person to vote for them.
I don't have any more votes.
Like other people, I have one vote and no one knows who to vote for it.
It is possible that those in charge of the election account, when they voted, recognized my notes and then recognized which one I had voted for.
If somebody makes such statements, they are not true.
In these days and in these astonishing media formats - such e-mail messages and so forth - it will be spreading and spreading to different people.
It is possible for one person to send thousands of messages.
I was that it is possible to send millions of such messages in elections.
Be careful not to be influenced by such things.
Of course, no one or political party can attract the attention of other people to it - there is no problem with it - but in this regard nobody will hear anything from me.
In any case, people can advise and help one another identify the best person.
The principle is the opinion and opinion of the people.
The fourth point is that in matters related to elections and non-electioners, everybody should submit to the law.
What happened in 1388 after the presidential elections - which caused harm and resulted in losses for the country - was rooted in the lack of respect for the bill of others. They did not want to respect the people's opinion.
It may be that people are used to what I want, but I should respect it.
It is necessary to respect what the majority of the people say.
It is necessary to use these legal methods.
We should call people to the street bore just because what happened was used to what we wanted — just like the year 1388 — that was one of the shortcomings that could not be compensated for.
This will be a lesson for the Iranian nation, and the Iranian nation will stand up against it again.
The last point is that everybody should know that what we need from the future President is the good things that [the former leaders] have had without any weakness.
Everybody should know that the presidential head of the world should have the good of the presidential, but not the weakness of the country.
Everybody has a part of its power and a part that is weak.
The leaders of the country - whether present or future - have strong and weak aspects.
The future president should have the things that are considered today as part of the power of the government and the present president.
That is to say, in the governments that we have, those who are coming should be on the path of progress and conclusion.
Those who are prepared to take part in this arena must take part with all power, relying on God, and relying on the power of this nation.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on this nation.
Dear God, make the holy soul of the Imam of the Age happy with all of us.
Dear God, make our magnanimous Imam Khomeini’s heart rejoice with the spirit of our martyrs.
Dear God, make what we say for you and for your path, and accept this with your generosity.
Leader’s Speech to Economic Coordinators - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to extend my congratulations to the dear brothers and sisters who are working in different areas of the country's economy.
On the other hand, today's meetings are a manifestation of the importance of this system on the issue of economic matters in this very important part of the world, the region and the country.
We want that one of the days of Ramadan should be the days of the government’s economic, business and other sectors, and we want to sit and listen to the things that we have for a few hours and be dismissed in the country. We want that this system should pay more attention to economic matters and economic progress, and that government - in all other cases, government - and other people should work together and make efforts in this arena for reasons to mention it later on.
This is the first point.
This is a message for everybody, whether government officials in the area of economic matters, economic managers in all parts of the country and people who should pay the same attention to the issue of economic matters today.
The second point which has been prepared for this event and which, thankfully, is the point is that non-government officials should report on the realities of the country, the progress of the country, the movement that is being carried out and reach the ears of the people.
I am not saying that we should always speak about the achievements that have been made, but everybody knows what I think. I believe that we should speak about the achievements that have been made so that we can take care of the achievements together. But what I think today is that people of this country should know the results of their efforts, the efforts of government officials and different blessings in the country.
I would like to tell you that I am allied with the people. People are not aware of these advances.
What you have said about different areas - which I wrote in silence and which will be prepared for a report by Allah's favor - is usually unknown to the people.
Great achievements are being carried out in the country and this is a source of pride for the Iranian nation.
It is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We made good progress in the field of production, in the field of service, in the field of agriculture, in the field of industries and in other scientific areas.
It is good to hear these feelings from different non-governmental officials. This is a source of enthusiasm and happiness for the people.
It is good for all of us to understand that today one of the ways of fighting the enemies of the Iranian nation is to kill the people. I would like to take care of this issue.
What is to say should not be a source of frustration, hopelessness and determination.
It is necessary to feel that we have made some progress, for example, 40 per cent and 60 per cent, while there are ways and opportunities to fulfill it.
The first point is that we have named the year 1390 as the "The Year of Economic Jihad".
The policy of the arrogant powers is to harm the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic's system in the arena of economic matters.
Although they are aware of the issue of nuclear energy in order to impose economic sanctions, this is a lie; the issue of nuclear energy is not the reason for these sanctions.
You may recall that when they imposed a great sanction (first) which was also the beginning of their sanctions on the country, they did not even speak about nuclear matters in the country.
Although it is not a very important sanction, it is still known as the "D'Amato" sanction - the sanction which was imposed on a particular person in the Senate of the United States - that is, the sanction was for a time and that at that time there were no nuclear terms.
The sanctions are intended to undermine the economy of Iran.
Fortunately, the Iranian nation has endured the sanctions for 32 years.
Of course the sanctions have been repeated in recent years, but as a result of the progress of different national construction projects in the country, these sanctions have not been fulfilled. It is possible that the sanctions have harmed us more on the sanctions that we have been imposed on today, just as they promise they will be added.
It is necessary to prepare them. It is necessary to identify our enemies, to identify their weapons and tools, and to prepare the weapons against them.
Of course, this calls for economic jihad.
Not every movement is called jihad.
It is a movement with certain characteristics called jihad.
The movement against such enmityful efforts is one of the main indications of jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
Economic jihad means progressive and progressive movements of the Iranian nation with the aim of destroying the enemy's enmity.
Another point is that in the preparedness for the development of the country - which is a very important preparedness for the development of the country - we have prepared a plan to sustain the country for the future in important areas of life.
Of course other nations will not sit down and see us first. They are also doing their utmost.
Of course we are not using any of the methods that they use, and we will not use them.
Therefore, it calls for jihad.
We should make efforts and we should think so that we can this goal.
No, the future of the nations is based on this fact.
If a country in the arena of economic matters, scientific matters and national progress are not able to prove its necessities and make progress, it will be oppressed unkindly.
We do not want to be oppressed.
Our country has suffered harassment and oppression for two years.
The weakness of the unsuitable and materialistic rulers' organization and the machinations of the enemies are the reasons for this oppression.
Since 1800 the Anglo-Americans have first reached the political centers of the country with their speech, and they have remained close to other European countries throughout that time.
The first ambassador of England entered the country in the year 1800 — from India.
The plots of the enemies began in the country. The plots of the enemies began in the country. The plots of the enemies began in the country. The plots of the enemies began in the country.
But we do not want this to happen.
The Islamic Revolution provided a protective wall in front of them.
We want this refuge to grow stronger.
We should not let them interfere in our economy, our culture, our politics, our future and the blessings of our country.
One of the sources of domestic power is the economy.
This is why we believe that we should be in the first position.
This does not mean that Iran must be the first in the region. No, the future of this nation is dependent on this.
Therefore, it is necessary to do things in a sincere and influential way. It is necessary to use all the power and resources that are available in our country.
We have heard these things, and we can see these things from the progress of the country during the Revolution.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, no one would believe that this would happen.
The events that are taking place in different parts of the country are the same. The events that are taking place in different parts of the country are the same. The events that are taking place in different parts of the country are the same.
I would like to say that this is due to my knowledge of different parts of the country and that no part of our country will be able to show themselves there and feed it unless the ground is opened up for them.
This is an important point.
The economy that we have is very important.
Sometimes I said that comparing the blessings of our country to the number of our people and the people in the world, they are valuable.
The majority of the country’s population is about 1 percent of the world’s population, just as our country is about 1 percent of the world’s population. Therefore, what is necessary is to have 1 percent of the world’s population.
These are important and very valuable areas.
This is the case in the country, and this is the case in the country.
Therefore, the country has indeed many national blessings.
The same is true of the area where we live and the region.
We are in a very important area.
Our neighborhood with two coasts and our relationship with the important region between the east and the west, Asia and Europe, provides us with an important part of the region.
All of these are good things for us.
Meanwhile, as noted, we have defeated a quarter of the 20th-year development plan.
That is to say, a four-year plan has already ended. The year is the beginning of the fifth plan.
Of course, much work has been done in the preparedness of the past few years.
As you listened to the report, very important achievements have been carried out, but certain achievements have not been carried out and they should be carried out.
The policy that was announced on the basis of the use of national blessings, the entire policy of the system, the entire policy of action and the 44th law - which was announced - was both the same policies.
If we manage these plans according to the standards, then we will be able to benefit from these opportunities and the blessings that have been raised in the framework.
These policies can create unity and guarantee economic progress.
Of course some of the goals that have been planned for the past few years have not been achieved, but there are many other reasons why they have not been achieved in this regard.
The issues such as achieving 8 per cent advances, reducing the unemployment rate, reducing the investments, and reducing the exorbitant production rate - which I referred to on that day - are totally unattainable.
This is why we should make more efforts in this five-year arrangement in order to have the capacity to fulfill the qualifications that we used to have.
On the basis of the provisions of this law, we should re-examinate governmental interests and government economic affairs.
The goal is to create a competitive and competitive economy with the aim of introducing businessmen and investors in the arena of economy.
They calculated that the current investments in the past five years amounted to an estimated $160. billion per year.
It is necessary to do so.
It is necessary to pay attention to these things. It is necessary to pay attention to these things. It is necessary to pay attention to these things. It is not just necessary to pay attention to these things. It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
There are always certain things in the company of good achievements and bad achievements.
I have spoken about the issue of fighting economic terrorism for many years.
When I talk about this issue, some people come to me and say that your repeated statements on the issue of economic terrorism are intimidating businessmen to enter the arena of economy.
I would like to tell them that the opposite is something that will encourage them to enter.
Any businessman who wants to have legal food and who wants to carry out legal duties that are approved by the law should know that the government will not insult lawless people.
We are opposed to the rigors of the government, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform, and we are opposed to the platform.
Fortunately, all or most of the economic ministers and government officials of the economic sector are present in this area.
I ask you to pay attention to your experiences. I ask you to pay attention to them. I ask you to pay attention to them. I ask you to pay attention to them.
We should not let the things that have been mentioned be protected here.
Of course, although Mr Tawakkuli called out why there are not good things to say, why should there not be good things to say and why should there not be good things to say and why should there not be good things to say and why should there not be good things to say and why should there be good things to say?
There are many things to say in this regard. I will mention two to three things. One of them is the call to the interests of the government and the other is the next.
First of all, the issue of implementing policy is the area in which production is needed. Production is the essence of the economy.
Regarding the purpose of the government's role in the needs of daily life and its activities in this regard, it is necessary to pay attention to the support that will be given to the needs of production sector, just as it does in the law: that is to say, 30 per cent of the provisions.
Of course some of the officials to whom I have addressed believed that this 30 per cent was not needed on the night.
The situation may be similar in certain areas, but the situation in the area of production requires the support of government organizations.
There are certain areas in which this sanctions is directly imposed, and we should benefit from it.
Of course, the business sector also has a responsibility in this regard: (which includes) production in the use of weapons, production and innovation of weapons.
Some of the officials complained that some of the company's owners did not do anything to re-establish their own engineering and that they used the weapons in a very good way.
It is necessary to pay attention to this point.
Of course, it is necessary to pay attention to the needs of the government in this regard too.
I would like to give a lot of money, but I would like to give a lot of money to the people with whom I mentioned - the people who used the opportunity to exploit the people - that is to say, they did not use them for a particular job, which is happening and we have a lot of information about this.
It is necessary to face this issue with all the power so that sincere and enthusiastic companies can manage their work.
The next point is the issue of import. The same point is mentioned here and I have repeatedly addressed the issue of import to the officials.
No one is opposed to importing goods; however, it is necessary to organize the import conditions and pay attention to them.
The exhortation so that we should not allow a time - for example the days of Eid - if a product is missing in the market - is not a great reason to increase the quality of the product that we import.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic production.
Of course, importation is said to help domestic products. Even if domestic products are not imported, domestic producers will not pay attention to the beauty and prices of domestic products. This is to say, importation will force them to do so.
But this is not a valid reason for me.
In the case of importation, especially on agriculture. I believe that importation of agriculture is more important than what we see today in order to be trusted.
We have good products in the field of agriculture.
One of the scholars presented a report on agriculture production.
Our country is one of the most prominent countries in the world in this regard.
We should increase our production.
We should import these farm and garden products so that the world can see what we have in Iran.
The next point is the issue of export.
Of course the government is responsible for helping the exporters.
Fortunately, as one of our brothers and sisters pointed out, our oil-free products have grown and there will be more advances in the future as well. We hope that we will make the necessary advances in the future in order to benefit from the standards of export and import.
We should reach a position that we can with the importance of oil.
One of the greatest disasters that afflict our economy and the entire country’s economy in the future is relying on the value of oil production.
In the past few years I said - although the officials did not respond to this point at that time - we should reach a position in which one day because of the political and economic issues of the world, we might decide to stop selling our oil for 15 days or even a month.
Try to see what will happen in the world.
Today we cannot do so because we need these advances.
If the economy of the country is dependent on oil importance, the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will have certain influences in the world.
This is what we should do. This is what calls for assistance and support. It is necessary to support this issue of export.
In this regard too, the exporters and officials have a responsibility. These countries, which have been mentioned as the majority of the products that are being exported to those countries, have been told about the disastrous things that some exporters are doing. Transmitting unnecessary goods, delaying goods and delaying in delivering goods are all disastrous things.
There are companies in the world that for the past 50 years, they have produced and sold goods to buyers and continue to have their approval.
As an example, a German or Swiss company has been making and selling products for about 65 years, and they still have their buyers in our country and in other countries.
For what?
Exportors should pay attention to these things.
This calls for a culture: culture and improving the quality of the products that are produced for domestic and international use.
The issue of confronting economic terrorism is very important.
If a corrupt person does not have a corrupt person in the government to help him, he will not be able to make a mistake in the economy.
Therefore, government officials have a duty to prevent the collapse of economic corruption in government institutions.
For instance, when you realize that there is a disease in the bush, there is no kindness and compassion for you. You know that if you intervene, the harm that happens will not be limited to thousands of other bushes.
The same is true of economic corruption.
If anywhere in the government's institutions you hear or see a clear indication of economic corruption - I am speaking to government officials - then you should not give up.
Economic terrorism is one of the most dangerous and urgent diseases. It is necessary to be careful about this.
One of the things that we should do is to prepare for the unity of the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic. One of the things that we should do is to prepare for the unity of the Islamic Republic.
We need accurate policies on the issue of unity.
As one of the brothers and sisters stressed, "The bank accounts can be used under the framework of the Islamic Revolution." The Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Revolution is the best way to this goal.
The main point is that we should pay attention to the issue of exposure to the capacity of investments in the country to the business sector.
That is to say, the business sector should know where to invest. Everyone should know, not just that others will benefit from this.
Those who have an experience will make a bad use of this.
Information should be for everybody.
It is necessary to make all things clear. Of course, in the previous governments, there were many things that were done in that government, but they did not manage to do so.
It is necessary to make more efforts in this regard.
There are certain things that I have written, but as the time for Eid al-Adha is near, I am going to pass over these things.
I hope that by Allah's favor, this path will increase the enthusiasm and determination of those who love the country, the Islamic Republic and the future of the Islamic Republic.
That is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to say, this is to
I hope everybody will make more efforts.
The future of the country is bright. The power and blessings of the country are abundant.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, determination and power in this country.
This country has a lot of opportunities to be called the second most valuable country in the world.
Thro our history, our cultural heritage, the power of the people and the national blessings are all the things that tell us about this.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the Imam Ridha (a.s.) city of Mashhad on the first day of the new year.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and pure household and chosen foundation, especially the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me a lifetime and a blessed time to appreciate the position of Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake and Allah's grace be upon him) on the first day of my year.
I would like to congratulate all the brothers and sisters who have gathered in this area and this great assembly on Norouz's Eid and on the arrival of the new year, whether in this courtyard or in different places, the brothers and sisters who listen to these talks.
In fact, this great crowd is an example of the Iranian nation. On this day, our dear people from different parts of the country have gathered together in the holy meeting of Abul Hasan al-Ridha (peace and greetings be upon him).
There were also brothers and sisters from the city of Mashhad in this area.
I would like to greet everybody and everybody.
For all of us Iranians and Muslims from other countries who celebrate this Eid, Norouz is an honorable opportunity to benefit from it in terms of Islamic religion and movement.
The Islamic view is that we should strive to human perfection in every way, in every way of life and in every way of life, in order to make progress in the world and in every way. We can use this opportunity and this opportunity to fulfill the responsibilities that the Islamic Ummah has given us to fulfill.
We should make known to ourselves the lofty goals of Islam.
In these days, it is an opportunity to use peace, to turn to Allah the Exalted, to listen to good words from others and to assemble in religious places.
The fact is that during the past few years, especially when the Islamic Republic of Iran was established, our people used Norouz Eid to draw close to Allah the Exalted.
The evidence is that when you look at the arrival of the new year, you see that the vast majority of the people are gathered in places of worship, hubs, visitors and fashions and they engage in prayers and prayers.
This means that the Iranian nation is trying to use this symbol as well as cultural festivals to benefit from religion.
We should imitate this example in all areas and we should use Norouz festivals to enhance our knowledge, spirituality, religion, Islamic regulations and Islamic morality.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow success on all of us and the Iranian nation.
Today when Allah the Exalted has provided this opportunity, I will discuss three issues.
The first point is related to the events that took place in the year 1389 and that we should see that in the year 1389 the Iranian nation and government officials acted in a certain way. The second point is related to this year. The second point is related to this year.
The third point is related to what is happening in this region: the events in the Middle East, the events in North Africa and the events in the Islamic region, and the efforts made by the enemies of the Islamic Ummah to undermine the reality of what is happening.
Regarding the first point, I would like to say that the year 1389 - namely, the Year of Intensified Effort and Labor - has been observed throughout the year, and our people have revealed the realities of their efforts in different areas.
Of course this great effort will be manifested in the future, but this great effort will be manifested in the first sight of the year 1389 as well as in the actions of the officials of the country and in the actions of the people with the help of their officials.
This can be seen in many areas.
Let us start by the issue of knowledge and technology.
At the beginning of the year 1389, I was able to visit one of the most important industries of the country. And at the end of Esfand, I was able to visit a college of scientific and creative workshops where I could see with my eyes the results of this one-year work.
The scientific and technological advances that have been made in the country today are far beyond what is being announced to the people. I would be kind to tell you about this.
Since years ago, this great scientific movement has been launched in different areas. Fortunately, progress has been made on a daily basis.
I used to read a quotation from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household which reads: "Islamic knowledge is power", knowledge and knowledge are a source of power for a nation and a person.
The same is true of knowledge and technology.
Today the movement of the country in the arena of education and technology in many areas, especially in new areas, is clear.
In different areas - in the arena of natural knowledge, in the arena of natural knowledge, in the arena of naturality, in the arena of creative works, in the arena of creative works, in the arena of creative works, in the arena of creative works, in the arena of creative works, in the arena of creative works, in the arena of artistic works, in the arena of artistic works, in the arena of creative works, in the arena of artistic works, in the arena of artistic works, in the arena of artistic works, in the arena of artistic works, in the arena of artistic works, in the arena of artistic works and in the arena of artistic works.
As I said on the occasion of Norouz last night, different international research centers have revealed that your country is ahead of the majority of countries in the world and that the progress of the country reflects global progress.
There are two to three important points that I think it is necessary to discuss in this regard.
The first point is that the majority of the experts who are working on this arena are young people.
The age of these scholars is from 33 to 35 years - most of them are youth - in which we should rely on these youth. Of course there are outstanding and faithful scholars who are doing their work in this regard.
The next point is that the people who are doing these great things are the people who are strong and dependent on themselves.
The main element is the power of the people. This is what our country has.
Our youth are vigilant in carrying out this work and they believe that all these efforts are the basis of the progress of the country.
The next point in the issue of scientific advancement is the issue of the acquisition of knowledge, technology, production and distribution of needed knowledge — which is very important — is the issue that is currently being built up.
That is to say, knowledge is being achieved and transformed into a technology, the necessities are being achieved and the necessities are being achieved to the markets of the world.
This turns the path of acquiring knowledge toward national wealth and satisfying the needs of the people.
Our dear people should know that all economic professionals - whether their economic view of governments and their economic view of governments - believe that the objective of the government's interests is necessary and beneficial.
It is very difficult to enter this arena and the areas of implementation are not yet established.
Thankfully, this work has already begun.
And the unity that exists between the government and society in this regard is indeed a good unity.
The movement of the people in this arena is a very good movement. The effect of this movement will be slowly witnessed, even though its positive effects have already been witnessed.
The important goal of this work, in the first stage, is to play a fair role in distributing public relations between the people.
This is one of the greatest measures that have been made to promote social justice.
Another goal is to national blessings in a proper way, including water and fuel.
Two years ago, we named the year "The Year of Correction and Beneficence" as "The Year of Correction and Beneficence" as "The Year of Correction and Beneficence".
This is one of the ways in which we can correct the way we use our national blessings effectively. The effect has already been witnessed.
During the past few months, the plan is being carried out in order to promote the interests of the government, and the use of weapons is very beneficial for the country.
The methods of exploitation, pursuing, shedding and destroying the wheat — which is a great blessing from God and which is being achieved through hardships — have been reduced to so much, and the methods of exploitation have been equal.
This is one of the greatest achievements that have been made, and by Allah's favor, this achievement will be fully realized in the future. Economic adjustments are one of the things that will happen in the future.
Similarly, one of the things that shows firm determination in the arena of economic matters is increasing the importance of non- Petroleum products.
Unfortunately, we have been dependent on oil for many years.
And this is something that all enthusiastic economic scientists ignore. This path is used to in our country. Finding and selling oil and continuing production is a faulty path.
I have said for many years that one of my hopes is that we can manage this country without selling oil if it is necessary.
Of course it is not an easy task, it is a very difficult task.
adding to the oil-free products that are sold is something that will draw us closer to our goal.
Great achievements were made in the year 1389 in this regard.
Among the things that guarantee firm determination and firmness in the arena of economic affairs is the wise implementation of the sanctions imposed on the western countries under the leadership of the United States and the vigilance of certain European governments against Iran.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they have increased their sanctions against Iran.
They themselves in their calculations - which is related to us - predict that the sanctions within five to six months will affect the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation. This is their expectation.
They thought that by means of this sanction, they would make the situation difficult for the Iranian nation and they would make the situation difficult for the Iranian nation.
A wise action has been carried out in the face of this sanction by curbing the enemy's reach of responsibility.
The enemies failed to their goal through these sanctions.
Today the people of the west themselves say that imposing sanctions on Iran is futile.
One of the problems of our long work is this: we are a country that supplies oil, but we also import oil from the outside.
Therefore, they say that this is part of the weakness of the Islamic Republic, and we will not allow oil importance.
As a result of their sanctions, our officials got into consideration. They made efforts and we did not need to import oil.
This was what I heard of the dear youth on my visit to the Basij in the end of Esfand month.
They told me that we wanted to build this machine, we went outside to find it, they told us that you were under sanctions, they would not give it to us. We realized that we should develop this machine ourselves.
We returned home, thought, endured hardships, and made efforts, so that we built this machine without relying on foreigners.
According to the government’s report, in the year 1389, there were about 1.6 million vaccines. If this was the case, there were fewer than five thousand vaccines.
In the arena of agriculture, in the arena of construction of houses in cities, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of transportation and in the arena of transportation.
This is true of the economy.
There have been many achievements in other areas as well, since we have only a limited amount of time to go beyond them.
The year 1389 is the year of enthusiasm and enthusiasm. Thankfully, this year is the year of enthusiasm.
Of course, the year 1389 does not have any other characteristics. This year, the next year, the next decade, will be the year of vigilance and labor.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation and all government officials should be firm in determining what they are doing in order to reach an appropriate destination for the Iranian nation.
However, from the standpoint of experts, the issue of economy is far more important in this regard.
If our great country triumphs in the arena of economy, this great movement will be accompanied by what will be done in the future, it will undoubtedly affect the progress of the country and the dignity of the Iranian nation.
What is important in this regard is that we make progress according to the standard set out in the five-year development plans - namely, at least eight percent.
The great business will affect the capacities that we have in order to use our capacities in the country appropriately.
Two years ago, in a speech like that of the New Year, I had discussed the issue of planting and the problems related to the use of national blessings.
People should understand these things.
I ask the officials to tell the people the importance of strengthening the economy of the country. I ask them to show them the importance of strengthening the economy of the country and reducing the gap between the people.
We do not want this to happen. Islam does not believe in this.
They should do their utmost and work hard to the requirements of the five-year development plan.
Reducing the unemployment rate in the country is one of the most important and fundamental issues.
Similarly, increasing business investments and helping business sectors to invest in the arena of the economy of the country are among the important and fundamental issues. One of the important issues in this regard is the development of unity companies which can be invested in large numbers and the establishment of large corporations through coalition.
It is necessary to establish a framework for laws.
This means that we support the progress of the country.
Today 90 per cent of our water resources in the country are used in the field of agriculture.
Imagine what will happen if the government, by Allah's favor, has the right to fix the water supply, if it is reduced to 10 per cent of this 90 per cent.
In addition to the agricultural sector, in all other sectors - including domestic sectors, industries and other sectors that demand water - we use only 10 per cent of the water that comes from these sectors.
In fact, the value of water in the area where agriculture is not produced will be recorded twice. This is a very important point.
It is necessary to introduce people directly into economic matters.
Well, if we were to implement this great economic movement in the country in the year 1390, there were certain things that we should do.
I will present a list of these requirements.
First of all, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the beginning of the Revolution until today our nation has entered the arena with the spirit of jihad. We have seen these things in the Sacred Defense Era. We have seen these things in the arena of jihad and we have seen these things in the arena of knowledge.
If we have a spirit of jihad in different areas - that is to say, working for God and working hard - not just as a responsibility - our movement will undoubtedly continue.
The second is to strengthen spirituality, faith and religious enmity in society.
Everybody should know this: putting religious enmity in the country and in the youth will help the people in the affairs of the world.
It should not be thought that the effect of religious enmity on the hearts of youth will only appear at the festivals or at the communities night during the Dua Kumail.
If the youth of a nation become religious, they will reject sexual immorality. They will reject sexual abuse. They will reject the wrong behavior of the youth.
The same is true of the economy.
The power of religious resistance is a great role.
The following is the lack of concern for the things behind the scene. You should see that the main issues in the country are often the most important and everybody should pay attention to these issues.
This would be like an airplane with a man-made crew who wants to reach a particular destination, just saying something insignificant is busy in the middle of the ocean, it is left on the road, and it is sometimes forbidden to travel.
Therefore, the latter should not be introduced into the arena.
Another requirement is to preserve national unity and mutual understanding.
The unity that exists between the people and the people of the world - that is to say, the people love, trust, support and cooperate with their officials and the unity that exists between the people and the people - should continue to exist and be strengthened on a daily basis.
One of the greatest achievements of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to create internal discord and differences.
Fortunately, our nation is awakened.
All those who love the country and who love religious democracy - which is a source of pride for the Iranian nation - should identify one another.
The same is true of government officials. They should try to prevent this from being revealed before the people even if there is a difference between them.
I would like to extend my attention to the officials on this issue.
The most important issue of the world is to address it through discussions. These issues are not important.
I would like to remind you of this point. Sometimes the name we give it is enough to see that the walls of Tehran and other cities have been filled with writing on this point.
This is useless.
Sometimes even when there are so many killings, what is necessary?
What I hope for the people and government officials is that they should pay attention to this slogan, accept it and make efforts to see it proved.
There is no need to do so in order to kill so many people.
Of course paying attention to the issue of economic matters does not mean neglecting other aspects.
In other areas, especially in the arena of knowledge and technology, it is necessary to help these youthful scholars be trusted, so that they can make great achievements.
The recent events - the events of Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - are very important.
A great change is taking place in the Islamic and Arab region. This is the manifestation of an Islamic Awakening.
Today, this event, which has been celebrated for many years in the Islamic Republic, shows itself in the lives of countries. There are two characteristics that are different from these events: one is the issue of popularity and the other is the issue of religious faith.
These are two basic elements.
The presence of the people on the scene was the same thing that happened during the Islamic Revolution.
Organizations, parties, those sitting on the tables, large houses and intellectuals failed to do anything.
Our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) managed to bring people into the arena.
The same is true of many countries today.
In Egypt or Tunisia, the people entered the arena with their own interests. Otherwise the people who lived in big houses used to speak with their own interests. They used to speak with their own interests many times.
The people themselves entered the arena and their beliefs were religious.
The things that they have accumulated are the prayers of the people, the prayers of the party, the name of God, religious scholars, religious people and intellectuals in different countries. They entered the arena and entered the arena as well.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
Why did they come out?
In Egypt, Tunisia, and other countries, these kings and oppressive rulers shed their dignity on the people.
For example, the people of Egypt witnessed that their leader was doing the worst of all things in order to address the needs of the Zionist regime.
If Hosni Mubarak had not participated in the siege of Gaza with the Zionist regime, the people would not have been able to do the same things for the people of Gaza.
But Hosni Mubarak entered the arena and helped, closed the way for entry and exit from Egypt.
When he learned that the people of Gaza were treading under the ground, he was trying to stop them and he built a wall that was 30 meters long and he entered the ground to shut down the road.
This is what Hosni Mubarak did.
The same is true of other countries.
In Libya as an example, despite the fact that during the first days of his reign, Gaddafi had demonstrated the enmity of western powers, he has rendered great services to western powers in recent years.
(Libyan people) with their eyes witnessed that from the moment he was threatened, he collected all his nuclear capabilities, put them in the boat, sended them to the western people, and asked you to go with them!
You should take a look at the position of our nation, and they should take a look at it.
But our officials not only did not give up but also protested the enemy's interests on a daily basis.
This insult can be seen in all these countries.
This is what is very important to us.
After these events, they did not understand the situation and they did not know people, but they acted in a different way.
Of course what is now seen from America in these countries and other countries is the support of the dictatorial leaders. They remained a guardian of Hosni Mubarak as far as they could. But when they found out that they could not do so, they rejected him.
This is a lesson for relying American leaders to realize that when their interests are safeguarded and they are not useful (for themselves) they will immediately cast them like a worthless bird, they will never be concerned about them.
What happened to western countries and to America itself is something they cannot believe.
Egypt is one of the main sources of Central America’s policies.
But they failed to safeguard this foundation to continue their use.
If people stay awake, they will be able to remove this plot and destroy their plot.
The Americans tried to see that since they lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunisia, they should try to defend their own governance.
By Allah's favor, and by Allah's favor, America will continue defeating the region.
After losing their people in these countries, they set two things ahead of them: the first is to wait and the second is to create a similar situation in other countries.
They were defeated in this regard.
Second, it means to produce similarities in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya in other countries.
The main hypocrisy is their behavior, the claim to defend human rights.
It does not belong to our dear people if they realize that the President of the United States has sent a message to the Iranian nation to say that we are your supporters. They claim that they are against the dictators, they are against the rights of nations.
They do not just feel compassion for other nations, but their nations do not even feel compassion for them.
The current president of the United States has used billions of dollars to revive the economic situation of the United States, to preserve the production of weapons and to preserve the production of oil.
It disappoints people to survive corporations, to pay off corporations and to pay off corporations. Therefore, they are not sympathetic even to their nations.
Today the Americans are faced with economic hardships, and they have no solution.
In addition to prisons and torture stations such as Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, Iraq and other places that torture people in different places.
People do not understand these things.
Did the US President know what he was saying?
Did he really know the people behind the arena who were turning his policies, or did he not realize it?
He argued that the people who are on Tehran's Azadi's (r.a.) freedom are the people who are on the Egyptian freedom website.
Yes, he was right. Every year on the 22nd of Bahman, the people who gather on this independent website are shouting "Allah Has cursed America".
Regarding the events taking place in this region, the position of the Islamic Republic of Iran is obvious.
Our position is to support nations and their responsibilities.
This is the position of the Islamic Republic. This is the main position of the Islamic Republic.
Our policies are these, our hearts are these, our wisdom and our statements are these, both by the people and by the officials.
There are two areas to pay attention here: the first is Libya and the second is Bahrain.
In the case of Libya, we are opposed to the behavior of the Libyan government against the people, the killings of the people and the violent attacks on the cities and civilians, but we are opposed to the arrival of America, America and other Western countries.
They claim that we have entered Libya to defend the people or to carry out military attacks, but this is not trustworthy.
If they are really supportive of the Libyan people and if they are still grief-stricken by the behavior of the Libyan people, then bombarding the Libyan people for about a month.
If you want to help them, you give them weapons, you give them tools, you give them airplane weapons.
Therefore, you did not come in to protect the people. You are interested in the oil of Libya and you are interested in proving your position in Libya.
You want to find a place where you can establish your shoulders to promote the future of the Revolutionary governments in Egypt and Tunisia.
Your resolve is unintentional.
The United Nations, which should be a minister to the nations, is unfortunately a weapon in the hands of those people.
This is a disgrace for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreign soldiers and the presence of westerners is not acceptable.
If you want to help the Libyan people, the way to help them is open. You can help the people, encourage them, and the people of the country to resolve the issue with Gaddafi themselves. Why are you involved?
Their main need is to conduct elections, each one should have one vote. Is this a great need?
This is a great hope. The elections in Bahrain are being held in a practical way, but in all cases, the people do not have the right to vote in the same terms, they do not have the same situation.
Well, westerners should use this opportunity to get involved in the issues of this region by introducing something new: the issue of Shia and Sunni.
The people of Bahrain are compassionate Shia people and therefore nobody has the right to support them.
Television broadcast the events that are taking place in the region, but that is to say, they are silent about the issue of Bahrain and do not speak about the bloodshed of the people of Bahrain.
And a group of people from the Persian Gulf - whether politicians or journalists - came and said that Bahrain is the issue of Shia and Sunni!
The violence of a nation is the same as in Tunisia, as in Egypt, as in Libya, and as in Yemen. There is no difference.
The Americans are happy that they managed to address this event as a difference between Shia and Sunni through their media and propaganda methods.
They argued that the people of Iran had certain reasons to support the people of Bahrain.
We have supported all of them.
We have supported the Palestinian nation for 32 years.
Were the people of Palestine Shia?
Our youth traveled to the airport to be allowed to go to Gaza!
They are ready to go to Gaza and fight against Israel.
We said they should not go.
Our people expressed their support for the people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt, and Tunisia, and they were not Shia.
Therefore, this is not the issue of Shia and Sunni.
Persecutors are trying to present the issue of Bahrain as a Shia and Sunni issue.
Unfortunately, some people who seemed to have no wrong goal fighting their own trap.
If there is good hope in this regard, I would tell them: The issue is not Shia and Sunni. This is a great service to the United States. This is a great service to the enemies of the Iranian nation, which reveal the great movement of independence of a nation as a Shia and Sunni conflict.
We are not different from Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
Any social movement which is like Islamic and independent movements is a source of support for us.
The US foolishness is that they do not see the invasion of Bahrain and Saudi Armed Forces as an interference in the affairs of the country. But when our martyrs, our teachers, and our lovers say not to kill people, they say you are interfering.
Is this interference in domestic affairs a country?
The call to a government is a oppressive policy to kill your people. This is an interference, but the entry into the Bahrain's streets is not an interference in domestic affairs. This is the great foolishness of the Americans and their mercenaries in the region.
The Americans are within a distance of thousands of miles from the region.
Anybody who does such things makes a mistake.
What I would like to say is that by Allah's favor, a new movement took place in the region.
As God has promised, this movement will definitely succeed.
The Iranian nation is honorable and proud that it is the beginning of this movement and that it has continued its resistance.
The youth who came in did not see this revolution, but if they were not far better than the youth of that time, they would not fail to do so.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and mercy on this great nation.
Dear God, honor the people of Islam and the Islamic Ummah on a daily basis.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age happy with us.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, make us be accepted by the spirit of our martyrs and our magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the officials of the Islamic Republic of Iran on Monday.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and chosen household, especially the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow blessings on all of you.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us the opportunity one year to meet again and prepare this enthusiastic and enthusiastic meeting to discuss the important issues of the country and listen to the statements.
I divide my speech into three categories: the first part is a reminder which, in the first part, I am the best servant of the country, I need and I hope we will receive thanks to this honorable month of Ramadan. The second part affects the situation of the country in the other part.
The last part, which by Allah's favor, will consider the issues that happen in our neighborhood and the events that happen in the region.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that fasting is a divine gift which Allah the Exalted bestows on his servants and believers.
What he said was that fasting is not a blessing but a blessing that requires thanksgiving for it." That is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to say, that is to
One of these points or more important than all other characteristics is that hunger and thirst shed light on one's minds and hearts, thus clearing the arena of thought which (and the way it happened to rebel) ‘thoughts for one hour’ is even more than one year’ of godly devotion.
This thought is one of the thoughts and feelings of a person who reveals the truth to him and leaves him the path of wisdom. It is necessary to think about our age.
The age of MUTH is one of the main interests of individuals.
All good things are achieved through this life - that is to say, the hour of life - which is one that can bestow eternal blessings and Paradise on a person.
Therefore, let us reflect on this life and the path of the years.
We should always feel as the hours of our life and the days and the nights go.
We have observed how life goes. ‘ Life is like snow that is digging in the heat of the sun.'
This capital is slowly moving, and this capital is all things for us, and it is all things for us to have a good time.
Where do we use it, and how do we use it?
The thought of death, the thought of going out of the world, the thought of causing a person's spirit to get out of him and confronting the angels of death is a time for each one of us. "Every soul is at the risk of death.
What will be our condition at that time?
Another phenomenon is that of praying.
The prayers from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household are surprising. The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household says in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book: "God's greetings be upon them, and not one portion of them comes from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household."
Therefore, these prayers are very important.
Na'am is a blessing to the people who heard and a reminder to the people who did not hear. It is the 20th prayer of the book of Sahraf al-Sajqi, a prayer known as the Imam of the Age (a.s.).
The beginning of this prayer is: "God's greetings be upon Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household, and his household and his household, and his household and his household, and his household and his household, and his household and his household,
What does it mean to dress in the manner of the righteous and God-fearing servants?
Dear God, put me on the clothes of God-fearing people in certain things: which is the first thing to do is to prove justice and to establish justice in society, justice, justice and the meaning of dividing national blessings among people, justice and the meaning of dividing opportunities and benefits among the people.
The fear of God which is expected from us is one of the reasons for this fear of God.
Sometimes one is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes one is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes one is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes one is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes one is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes one is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes one is used to be an ordinary person. Sometimes one is used to be an ordinary person.
When you feel angry about a person or organization and say something about it, your anger, the anger and the anger of a person who has no such responsibility in dealing with a person will not be affected by it.
We should not do anything in the face of anger.
Dear God, forgive us for our sins and forgive us in our affairs.
Dispelling the fire of enmity.
Everyone should make efforts to shut down this fire.
This is why we constantly urge our brothers, government officials, those who are critical, those who speak out in the country or to a particular part of the country to take care of the issue.
Sometimes a speech does not say it will not consume the fire, but it is just a source of power for it.
Those who are in the middle of the path should try to reach the right spot. We should not allow our actions, behavior, and speech to turn them away from the people who are in the middle of the path and prevent them from believing in this path.
We should not separate people from those who are halfwayed by this system.
If there is discord between the people, we should try to discord it.
When a university is accomplishing a good job, try to explain it.
We have spoken a lot about this point.
This is part of this prayer. It is about 20 to 33 subjects, but I have specifically discussed six of them.
We should pray to Allah the Exalted to make us dress in the manner of believers.
These are aspects to fear of God.
This is the first point that I want to discuss.
Second, it is a general analysis of the situation in the country.
The report, which was presented by the honorable President of the country, focuses on many areas. There are some important points that are obvious in the report, even if these points had reached the ears of everybody, everybody would have to know how much effort, hardships, and services were being carried out.
I would like to explain a part of the situation in the country which is very important to us.
Why is it important?
First of all, knowing where we are and where we are and what path we should take is very important, and it is always very important. Today it is very important, but it can be said that because of the conditions of the world, it is more important than ever.
First of all, the conditions in the region are unprecedented.
The Islamic Awakening and the great events that are taking place in this region are unprecedented from the beginning of the Revolution until today. Great things have been done and great things have been done.
If a nation such as Egypt has made such a great movement, has shattered the government and has resisted the Islamic movement and has threatened the Zionist regime in the face of the conditions in the region, all these things have not been achieved by all legal measures. It is very great.
This is the situation in which we find ourselves. This is the situation in which we find an astonishing scene for the Islamic Republic.
The economic crisis that the arrogant western governments are suffering from is a very great issue. And this is something that will not be disappeared easily.
The feelings of westerners about the economic situation of America and certain western countries and their concerns about the future are part of this issue.
They do not want the nations of the world to understand the realities of this issue because the elements of this issue are far more than they say.
By Allah's favor, if there is a lot of time for me until the end of my speech, I will shed light on this issue.
Another point is the unity of transgender movements and terrorist practices in western countries, especially in Europe, such as the new Nazi and the new American men who were the plots for the US government in the past. They openly expressed their transgender views.
Later on, he attacked two Muslim countries.
There were certain things that they wanted to do, but Allah the Exalted did not allow them to be defeated.
These are very important things.
The incident that happened in Norway should not just be viewed as a simple event.
It is necessary to look at our situation and see what we are doing in such a situation.
If we fail to take a look at this opportunity and if we fail to work at it properly and if we fail to take advantage of it in the right time, we will be disappointed.
Sometimes ignoring an opportunity itself becomes a threat and it itself becomes a backwardness.
Therefore, we need to take a look at all the events that are taking place in our country in this regard.
We should not make a mistake. We should have good things and we should have bad things. We should pay attention to them.
The same is true of media as well.
When someone says why you are saying this, they will immediately say you didn't allow us to tell the truth about the realities.
No, we want to say the truth. This is an attempt to undermine the situation.
I checked every day from ten to twenty newspapers.
Some of these journalists have a daily narrative that each of them is enough to touch the heart of a weak person.
We are not accusing anyone, but we are faced with a fact that is wrong.
The same is true of the envy.
It is necessary to look at the weak side as well as the positive side of the weak side.
It is necessary to do what the government can and what it is not able to do together.
Therefore, if we want to understand the realities of the country, we should safeguard the weaknesses of the country's power.
Today I am going to present a brief explanation for this issue, but there is a need to take action in this regard.
These good things will show us the opportunity and the arena that we have in this country.
These weak areas will show us what we should pay attention to and what we should do.
When we put these things together, it becomes a source of enlightenment for us. We should know what to do.
I have recorded five to six things that have continued during the past 32 years in the Islamic Republic during the past two decades, each and every other years - that is to say, a few years, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, a few decades, and a few decades.
The first point of this system's goodness and power is the success of overcoming various threats. This is very important.
Thro the past 32 years, we have faced various threats - political threats, security threats, and economic threats - and these threats are intended to harm this system.
Of course they wanted to defeat this government, but because this was not easy for them, they wanted to stop the foreign system and fuel the backwardness of the country.
This organization has managed to overcome all these threats.
Some of these things were directly organized by foreigners, such as the issue of sanctions.
The country has been imposed sanctions for many years, but in recent years it has increased its vigilance and vigilance, claiming that it is a detrimental sanction.
These sanctions have sometimes been imposed on us through the United Nations - which is within their reach and which are directly imposed on us.
These things are related to foreigners and they are directly involved in them.
There are also certain threats that have been made by domestic events. The enemy has used these things as an example of the tribes of the country. The system has managed to defeat all these things. Today different tribes of the country are living together with one another.
This is one of the strongholds that I think we have.
We should pay attention to this point as we calculate the capacities of this system.
This system, without the support of the country and the powerful materialistic enemies, faced with various threats during the past 32 years, has managed to overcome all these threats. This is very important.
I think this is the first aspect of the power of this system.
Second, it is mutual trust between the people and the government.