Speaking at the meeting, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution announced that the Iranian nation will benefit from the blessings of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) brothers and sisters in the holy month of Ramadan.
The following is the full text of the announcement:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
During the difficult days, the southern part of Africa, Somalia, faced the most tragic of the first day and the most bitter of the starvation caused by the unprecedented drought in the region, which brought the lives of millions of Muslims in Somalia, women and children, to a great danger and threat.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on April 20, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the people affected by the famine in Somalia. The Islamic Ummah is invited to help the Islamic Ummah in the Somalian month of mercy and blessings.
Elsewhere in his statements, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "If a person finds the right situation, his material and religious responsibilities will be reduced, and the people and officials will be reduced."
The following is the full text of the letter of the Leader:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Humans are natural and loving, and they need prayer and self-sacrifice in the eyes of Allah the Exalted, the Creator of all good things.
By Allah's righteousness, they have consumed the thirst of human beings and have rescued them from the greatest causes of natural thirst.
Pressing on praying day and night is another opportunity and a blessing that saves human beings from falling into the trap of ignorance. It is not possible for human beings to draw close to God's knowledge and to rescue his soul so that his badges are bright.
When monotheism, prayers and prayers associate with the system of social life, Islamic miracles can be reflected in divine regulations.
The Islamic Republic is the manifestation of this unity.
Praying for divine blessings is like sitting in the mountain of divine blessings, and it is a source of divine blessings and a source of relief.
Thanks to daily prayers, the atmosphere of the Islamic Ummah becomes brighter, the atmosphere of the Islamic Ummah becomes brighter, the atmosphere of the Islamic Ummah becomes brighter, the atmosphere of the Islamic Ummah becomes brighter, the atmosphere of the Islamic Ummah becomes brighter and the atmosphere of the Islamic Ummah becomes brighter.
This is how we should pay attention to mosques.
The Islamic Revolution adds enthusiasm and enthusiasm to the roots of life.
Wherever there is a center of life, mosques are the main pillar of this movement.
The Islamic Revolution should be the foundation of construction in cities and villages, in schools and universities, in public meetings - ranging from marketplaces and workplaces to airplanes and large stopplaces and to parks and to parks and to parks and to parks and to parks.
Everywhere, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household should be kind, kind and calm.
Leadership of the Islamic Republic's Islamic Republic's Islamic Republic's Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance on Islamic Republic's Guidance
If a Muslim finds the right situation, the material and religious responsibilities of the people, the people and the officials will be reduced.
I hope that this day and I hope that our souls will be sacrificed for the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
October 11, 2011
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met this morning with Lebanon's Prime Minister.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the negotiations between the two branches and the agreements that were concluded during the visit and reiterated: "There are many areas in which relations between the two countries can be strengthened in different areas. Therefore, it is necessary to strengthen this relationship, especially those related to trade and reconstruction.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the continuation of the desolation of the Zionist regime and the desolation of Lebanon and added: "If the Zionist regime can do so, it can desolate the city of Beirut to the city of Tarabulus in order to defeat Syria."
But what has been a source of resistance for the Zionist regime is a source of resistance.
His Eminence referred to Lebanon as the only Arab country that has managed to defeat the Zionist regime and reiterated: "The enemy of Lebanon has only managed to defeat the struggles."
It is necessary to identify the greatness of this greatness.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution added: "As long as the Zionist regime continues its existence, Lebanon needs to fight."
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the relationship between Hariri, Sayyid Hasan Nasrullah, and other officials of the Islamic Revolution should continue.
Elsewhere in his statements, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic is supporting the unity and freedom of Lebanon. "Labanon is the country in which different denominations exist and that the followers of these religions and denominations spend many years with one another in a peaceful and understanding manner, but some people want to see that there is a rift in this country and that it is necessary to stand up against it.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to a recent meeting with Rafik Hariri, the old Prime Minister of Lebanon.
Elsewhere in his statements, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic of Iran is a friend of the country of Lebanon.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "The Lebanese government wants to see the bonds between the two countries strengthened in all economic, political and cultural areas."
Hariri added that the Lebanese government is a unified government and added that any discord between the Lebanese people will benefit the Zionist regime.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
After a long interruption and the re-assignment of the Iranian pilgrims to Saudi Arabia was due to negotiations with the Saudi and Iran's officials.
Ayatollah Taskhiri is a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps in this meeting with Saudi countries.
Each year during the hajj, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution sent a message to the pilgrims who covered the most important issues of the Islamic Ummah.
What do you think is the philosophy of this message?
In order to answer that question, it is first necessary to clarify a few points.
First of all, the hajj itself - which is one of Islamic worship - has many lofty goals.
The greatest purpose of the hajj, as we find in the Holy Quran, is to inculcate in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household the greatest purpose in the hajj. That is to say, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, and the Holy Quran.
The Holy Quran describes each of these occasions as follows: "And when the Lord of Abraham tempted him with a few words, he filled them with them."
He said, “I am really the One appointing you overseers for the sake of the people.”
He said, "And my descendants", that is, clarification of the headship of the righteous.
The second goal that is based on this path is to establish humanity, turn humanity into the main structure and the main path of subjection to God. This man-made construction is carried out during the hajj. Therefore, the lofty goals of the hajj have been clarified, and one of these is the issue of divine blessings.
These are all signs of the solidarity of the people and unity of the Islamic Ummah.
In all the messages issued by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, he referred to the hajj goals.
But regarding the philosophy behind this message - which is why you ask - and why the Islamic Republic and its leaders are so important to this point is that the life of labor is the life of a nation.
Safeguarding the hajj means safeguarding the movement of the nation.
What is meant by the flag of Islam?
During the war, when the flag is standing, it means that the Armed Forces are alive and that the war is continuing.
Therefore, the preservation of the hajj and the restoration to the hajj spirit are among the greatest goals of the Islamic Republic to promote Islamic Awakening.
Therefore, in the message that the Imam (r.a.) used to deliver, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution continued to pay attention to this point and presented it as a goal.
Of course, we cannot fully comprehend the significance of this message, but we cannot fully comprehend the significance of this hajj. It is unfortunately we cannot fully comprehend the significance of this message and other people who are far away.
The media of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps are active in different organizations, but they do not carry out their responsibilities according to the significance and significance of this message.
All the media, all the cultural branches and all the media that we have available to our people should make efforts in delivering this message to all parts of the world in order to this goal.
It is necessary to make even more efforts in this regard.
No, not under such circumstances, but only the Saudi King issued a message.
This message was being delivered to the people even on the day of her alien residents.
But after the conflict - which was why the Iranians had not been hajj for many years - a agreement was made after the negotiations that I was pioneering.
On the other hand, the two sides agreed that no meetings would be held in Mecca from that time to that time, but on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, the other hand, on the other hand, the other hand, on the other hand, the other hand, the other hand, on the other hand, the other hand,
This is the second agreement that was made after all negotiations and negotiations.
We claim that the message of hajj is being delivered to Muslim nations.
Did this message affect us until now?
First of all, there are many pilgrims from different countries.
Second, this message was broadcast there and it may be translated into different languages during the hajj, in Mina and elsewhere and it entered the hand of all the hajj pilgrims as the message of the Islamic Revolution.
On the other hand, the arrogant powers of the world, the Arab and Muslim governments of the world and the Arab and Muslim governments of the world are trying to stop the effect of this message.
This message had just been published in one of the British newspapers and the Zionist community in the world had caused many problems behind the newspapers.
When did this happen?
The Zionists are trying to stop the spread of this message.
The Saudi government has not just helped to spread this message, but it has also prevented it in certain years.
Of course this self-control has been reduced in recent years, but everywhere they are trying to raise obstacles in order to reach the end of this message.
Sometimes we try to publish the message in foreign newspapers, but we do not publish it at all.
Many newspapers disapprove of it or are not authorized to publish it.
Europe and even Muslims.
Of course they do not allow it, but just as I said, we do not allow it.
What was the condition of this message?
There the Alhaz is the representative of the entire Islamic Ummah.
The camp that is established there is in fact a camp for the administration of the nation. That is to say, it is a camp for the entire Islamic Ummah and its determination to draw close to God.
It is necessary to pay attention to the hajj pilgrims.
He used to pay attention to his tongue.
The forbidden mercenaries are mercenaries that educate the pilgrims.
In this regard, I have taught you the lessons of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
If you take a careful look at the message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, you will see that the first point that is presented in this message is the role the hajj play in the reconstruction of the Islamic Ummah.
This is what the Leader's message deserves during the hajj.
For example, the role of the hajj can play in fulfilling the weakness of the Islamic Ummah.
The next point in the role of the hajj stresses that the hajj is the flag of Islam.
Elsewhere in his statements, His Eminence referred to the hajj as the "social movement of the people and the "social movement of the people and the role of Islam in politics."
If we take a look at the roots of the hajj, one of them is the guardian of the House of God.
That is to say, the entire Ummah is going through the judgment, guidance, and guidance of Allah the Exalted.
In particular, the first point that is mentioned in this message is the chain of the hajj in the history of the progress of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is the role of the hajj in cultivating good social and individual qualities.
This is one of all the messages.
From the beginning to the end, there will be no doubt about the sanctification of the heart and the use of the opportunities that have been created in the holy places related to the hajj.
The third point in this message is ‘ how great Islam is and how great it is'.
The same is true of the mention of Islamic principles that solve the problems of humanity.
The next point is to emphasize the issue of Islamic unity. Speaking at the address of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Islamic Awakening is the most important point in achieving this unity.
This message promotes and promotes Islamic Awakening.
The manifestation of this unity is referred to as the same clothes, the same paths, the same paths, the same paths, the same paths, the same paths, and the same paths.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Ka'bah is the manifestation of monotheism and the manifestation of unity.
The same is true of the great power of the Islamic Ummah, which includes material, spiritual, national and cultural power. They remind the people of their great power which, unfortunately, the enemies are trying to weaken.
And one of the issues related to this message is the confusion of the machinations of the arrogant powers.
In all these messages, it is referred to the satanic actions of the arrogant powers of the world in order to eliminate the Islamic Ummah and the reasons behind their evil efforts.
The methods they are doing and the important issues that are being carried out in the Islamic world - including the issues that have been confused by the enemies and their efforts to foment tribal fitna, corruption and murder - and their evil propaganda efforts against the Islamic Ummah.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on September 11, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
Because thanks to the Revolution and Islamic Awakening, the world of arrogance has managed to undermine the plots of the arrogant powers who occupy Islamic countries, and the enemies have now started plans to destroy the Islamic Ummah and promote corruption.
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution described global arrogance as the enemy of the weak, human rights and the supporters of terrorism, hypocrisy and hegemony in Islamic countries. Of course, one of the important issues is to identify the role of the mercenary governments of the region who are trying to establish the goal of independent hegemony and to remove the hajj from its ultimate goal.
The final point is that the introduction of the Islamic Republic as a successful role model in dealing with the arrogant powers of the world and an example of exercising Islam throughout our life and calling on Islamic unity, a role model for unity among the people, a symbol of religious democracy and the love and assistance of the weak.
What role do these efforts play in different countries?
Is he among the scholars and politicians of Islamic or Arab countries?
During the trips and meetings we have attended - each year we visit some 50 countries - and we meet the people, groups and leaders of Islam, especially the leaders of political and resistant groups of different countries.
That is to say, no matter how short we may be in delivering this message, it becomes a great message wherever there is an opportunity to deliver it.
Today the issue of diplomacy is all over the world. That is to say, the leaders of the countries are addressing the issues of society.
Can the hajj be viewed as one of the elements of this global diplomacy of the Islamic Republic and a means to promote the Islamic Revolution?
Of course, one of the best ways to deliver the message of the Revolution is the message issued by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and his Eminence.
This is one of the ways to strengthen the hajj and to respond to the efforts to eliminate the identity of the hajj and the role it plays in the life of Muslims.
It is Gaza that many of the allies go to distant areas and suffer many hardships, but they fail to understand the message of the hajj.
We have the hypocritical narration: "The light of hajj will remain with hajj pilgrims if they do not sin." That is to say, hajj pilgrims will return to the light of hajj pilgrims. And this light will remain with them and will remain in the way of the people until the day that God has guided them to sin, and the light will gradually disappear.
I hope the al-Hajj pilgrims will try to this illumination of the hajj and they will try to preserve the hajj message so that the hajj can play a role in the educational work of the Islamic Ummah.
Leader’s Speech to Shia and Kermanshah Teachers - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 12, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on his first visit to Kermanshah province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and all praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and all praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon him and upon him.
Allah the Exalted says, "In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful."
Those who speak about the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and who fear God and do not fear anyone against God are worthy of becoming the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
One of the most pleasant and pleasant meetings was meeting the esteemed clergymen who were serving in different parts of the country and the youth who were busy in the arena of religious education and spiritual pursuits.
Thankfully today the dear brothers, sisters, scholars and teachers of the province of Sunni and Shia are all present in this meeting. This is an opportunity for me.
There are certain points that I would like to discuss, but before I mention these points, I deem it necessary to extend my congratulations to the world-renowned scholar who, following Ayatollah Borujerdi's instructions, managed to live his life in this province and was rewarded for his efforts by martyrdom.
I had many meetings with him in Kermanshah. We had two meetings with him and discussed the issue with us.
We met with him at a number of meetings - that is to say, at the Friday prayer ceremony held in Islamabad, which was held in Yazd, by Shahid Sadiq (a.s.).
The meeting was held under the bombs of the Iraqi Army and we were present in the same meeting.
His humility, his secular interests, his lack of natural interest in things are among the characteristics that belong to him. He was a great man.
He was rewarded by Allah the Exalted and at the end of a long life, he was granted martyrdom.
I have repeatedly said that martyrdom is a business death and that martyrdom is a very profitable death.
Certainly, there will be a time when life will end, "Every soul is standing before death" [The Holy Quran, 8: 185].
If we are interested in this advantage, we too have gained a lot of gain from selling it to God through our own life.
Allah the Exalted buys life for believers. Allah the Exalted buys life for believers.
In this province too, our old friend, Hajj Agha al-Ba'ati Mohammadien al-Araki, is one of the people who received this opportunity for martyrdom.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was one of the students of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
Allah's grace be upon these two martyrs.
I should also mention the honorable, humble and loving cleric Hajj Agha Mujiba Hajj Akhund who was one of our oldest friends in the Qom Islamic seminary. He was faithful, pure in heart, righteous and sincere.
Allah has bestowed mercy on him.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before becoming the president of the country, I visited Kermanshah and saw his artistic activities.
He sent me after the death of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) for one of his duties.
I ask him to write this narration to me: "Whoever has appointed himself as leader of a nation, he should first learn his own lessons before teaching someone else" in order to put him before my table, so that we should not forget about reading ourselves.
He wrote this to me in an appropriate writing and I put it in a pan and put it ahead of me.
This is the problem with our work.
You dear youth, brothers and sisters, if we want to be like a blossoming, if we want to be like a blossoming, if we want to be like a blossoming, if we want to be like a blossoming, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want to, if we want
[The Holy Quran, 35: 28] Fear of God is one of the characteristics of teachers.
Of course teachers had certain characteristics, but fear of God was elected.
One example of knowledge is that one enjoys this great blessing - that is, fearing God in one's heart.
It is necessary to acquire this characteristic. You dear youth can do this more than I. When you grow up, when you grow up, when a person does something in his youth, it will benefit him.
This is a life that will end. Some people will grow old and others will not.
You should know that the gap between 20 and 30 years and 70 years - that is to say, the gap between us and our age - is the same as the gap between energy and energy.
When one is 20 years old, one feels that there is a lot of time to go to 70 years of age.
It is necessary to pass over time. It is necessary to pass over time. If a person is prepared to do something in this short period of time, he must do something since his youth.
Therefore, I invite dear students to themselves, to mention God, to fear God and to strive to draw closer to the One who is necessary rather than to call to knowledge, whose main focus is achieving knowledge.
If knowledge is available without fear of God, it can be worthless, sometimes harmful.
We have a teacher - who had religious and non-religious knowledge - who did not just benefit from it, rather it was a disaster for him.
This spirituality is a requirement for knowledge and teachers.
Kermanshah is a very important city.
As Mr. Ulama said a long ago, Kermanshah had great teachers - such as the families of Al-Aga, the families of Jalili and other educational homes among them - not one person or two or ten people - but a country of education.
Another point in this chapter which is very sensitive to Kermanshah is that like Kermanshah, the people of Kermanshah are kind, sympathetic and sympathetic to the people who have come, teachers have this characteristic, sometimes even more.
The magnanimous Imam Mohammad Ali (a.s.) - who was one of the greatest students of his father - rose to Kermanshah and continued his life.
Although he did not have the will of living, he remained a member of the Agha family.
He and many of his children were among the teachers.
This is one example.
Another example is the father-in-law, Agha Seyyed Hossein Haeri, who visited Mashhad at the end of his life.
I still remember certain things about him.
He was the cousin of Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfani, the scholar of Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfani and the students of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi who lived in Iraq and lived in Kermanshah for many years.
He was executing judgment in Isfahan.
He was an accurate knowledge of God and an accountant.
He was one of the people who had been trained by the Imam of the Age, who was then in Samarra.
One of the clergymen is Sardar Kabuli, a prominent scholar in different areas.
The book that was written about was very interesting and very good. I have seen it many years ago.
It was about 60 years in Kermanshah, and great teachers benefited from it.
I read in this book that Hajj Agha Hussein Kummi (may God grant him) traveled to holy places or traveled to Kermanshah to meet the hajj pilgrims.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that I am two witnesses.
This is a lesson itself. That is to say, learning at that time is equivalent to 70 years of age.
This is not a cause for disgrace or disgrace in the case of a high-ranking teacher, but it is a cause for pride.
You dear youth should move forward in this direction.
This Ka'bah man grew up in India and went to Najaf and went to Kermanshah and was welcomed there.
Ayatollah Khamenei spent 60 years in Kermanshah.
Shahid Ashrafi Isfani was one of the teachers who had been exiled to this city.
This city has a characteristic that shows that the hearts of the people are receptive to religious teachers.
When they find a person and they understand his characteristics, they accept him in a way that they do not think that he is not in their home.
Ashrafi was a man of Isfahan, but he felt like Kermanshah. He was Kermanshah.
What I said was an up-to-date ceremony.
I would like to mention a few points.
Dear teachers, dear youth and grand tomorrow!
For two reasons: First, it is possible to spread the message of Islam in the world - in Muslim countries or in non-Muslim countries - which I would briefly explain.
Therefore, this responsibility will be strengthened.
Today you are in the same situation.
You should not be afraid. "And they are afraid of him and they are not afraid of anyone rather than of God."
Do not be afraid of anything. Do not be afraid of the hardships that are on the path.
This is not to say that there are hardships, but to say that there are hardships.
You should do what is expected to be impossible.
Did not this happen in Iran?
In Iran something has been done and it would not have been possible for them to spend hours in the day and night without the fact that it is impossible to do so.
Every commentator would say that this is not possible, but it is possible.
I would tell you that even some of our resistance agents were saying that they would not be able to do so.
The Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that Imam Khomeini was saying, "It is necessary to eliminate Shah", but he was obviously not going.
He did not believe that Shah would be removed.
Later he said this to me.
Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that Shah would be removed, but he was removed.
It is not just that the Shah has been removed, that America has gone and that western powers have gone and that domination and arrogance have fallen away.
None of us believe this, but it happened.
No one feels that the great Revolution of the days in the Islamic world will take place in Egypt. Egypt that concluded the agreement with Camp Dabid and Egypt by Hosni Mubarak.
It is possible to think that this event would take place elsewhere, but nobody thought of it. But the Revolution happened in Egypt.
These are one of the things that we should keep in mind.
We should move forward to achieving what is expected to be impossible in order to make sure that it is possible.
Be determined to carry a heavy load so that you will have the opportunity. "And they do not fear anybody against God."
The answer is, "By Allah, it is enough to be counted" and they should not forget, God is counted.
And God is worthy of consideration.
This is our path.
We are personally tested here as teachers and we are personally tested as "The Prophet of God" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 25].
Allah the Exalted says, "We have made an enemy for every prophet like that, and the witnesses of the people and the demons, and their part, referred to a group and a group according to a rowza."
And if your Lord wishes that they do not do it, leave it with their cry for help."
Therefore, if we are determined to declare the divine message with you, we will be prepared to confront the demons with the people.
They will attack us and we will prove ourselves ready.
In the spiritual sense, we should create a solid wall for ourselves - a wall of faith and consciousness - so that we can be defeated and defeated.
Rushing and suffering from public defeat are the result of rushing and suffering from human defeat.
Being defeated is the result of being defeated.
If you are not defeated, nobody can defeat you.
The shield that should be formed for your hearts is the shield of faith in God and reliance on God. [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Imran, Ayah 3]. [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj, Ayah 3]. [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj, Ayah 3]. [The Holy Quran, Ayah 3]. [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj, Ayah 3]. [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj, Ayah 3].
This is a lesson for us.
We should read the Holy Quran carefully and we should view it as a lesson and an arrangement for life.
The witness that is coming to you today through the Internet, the human stars and other modern means of communication has many modern-day statements as well.
I have a report about this. I have a report about this.
These are not shortcomings. In certain Islamic countries, a large portion of the money is being spent in order to prepare a Shia-like meeting by the Sunni people.
On the other hand, in order to appear on television in the name of Shia, Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia Shia
These are the paths that they follow.
This is because creating discord is a great blessing for them.
I would tell you that your province is the province where Shia and Sunni people live together.
Shia and Sunni teachers should always prepare for meetings, identify one another and speak with one another.
We have achievements that we have shared in them.
It is possible to maintain your beliefs, but it is possible to maintain your cooperation.
If they want to do research, they will do it.
I believe in religious discussions. If they want to discuss knowledge with religious scholars and scholars and if they want to sit down and engage in religious discussions, it is not in the eyes of the people but in the eyes of the people.
In spite of all these things, there are certain things that have been associated with. There is a disease that has been associated with and it has been cured for association.
The Shia cleric had a spokesman among his people, and Sunni cleric had a spokesman among his people to resolve these problems with their power and talks.
Today there are certain people who are not ashamed of referring to themselves as never-to-be-repeated weapons.
This deviation of the Islamic Ummah should be ignored.
Therefore, the writing that I spoke about involves all these things.
Another responsibility is the responsibility of reading.
I have heard that there are Kermanshah Students who are graduating from Qom - whose students are undoubtedly in concentration camps - who come and leave, or if they do not come back, they will come at a special hour. They will come and spend two months, three, four months a year. They will go to the people and go to the villages and the holy places.
Therefore, knowledge is very important.
Of course, in the arena of knowledge, there is a point that is very important.
There was a student who came to the point of the lesson that I was teaching. After a short period of time he disappeared and I did not see him there.
When I saw him again, I asked him where he was. He said that I was witnessing in the outback of one of the cities of the province of Khorasan. Why did you come back and say that at the end I realized that I did not have anything to learn about the people.
This is to identify the person to whom it is addressed.
Today, take a look at the youth who have studied with us.
There are many people who have studied in Kermanshah.
Sometimes this was not the case.
Before the victory of the Revolution, in all of Kermanshah provinces, university students may not have exceeded three times.
In the modern world, those who have access to it have written ten times, ten times.
These youth are faced with different propaganda and questions.
You should identify their questions and answer them. You should sit down and answer them.
You should select the people to whom you should speak, to whom you should identify their thoughts and to whom you should answer their thoughts and requests from the Holy Quran, Sunni and the Holy Quran.
Ayatollah Khamenei said that this is the case in the book of Ayatollah Motahhari.
You are in Qom.
You should do these things.
You should think of education as much as you think of acquiring knowledge.
Dear God, purify the hearts of those to whom you speak and educate them.
And this education, just as I said, "Whoever has appointed himself as leader of a nation, he should first learn his own lessons before teaching someone else" is a difficult thing.
This difficult task should be carried out.
Teachers should introduce themselves to social issues, but the important point is that teachers should introduce themselves to social issues and not impose their duty.
The characteristics that teachers enjoy are that they attract the hearts of their teachers through their teachers, their behavior, their kindness and their behavior.
It is everything else.
A person whose relationship is broken and if he is able to safeguard his relationship with Allah the Exalted, he will be saved.
It is a very important thing.
Dear God, encourage the people who are speaking to you with e-mails and encourage the people with the methods of meeting the meetings.
I do not know whether this annual meeting was held in Kermanshah or not.
Shia and Sunni preachers should not harm their brothers.
You should go with one another and be kind to one another.
There are certain things that have been shared in this regard and that work can be done together.
If this happens, by Allah's favor, her teacher will continue.
I would tell you that when the Revolution achieved victory, Islam gained a new spirit in the world.
What a powerful engine managed to bring about such a great tragedy that struck the west?
The victory of the Revolution and the greatness of the Imam (r.a.) shake western powers and shake the system of hegemony.
They turned to the Holy Quran and obtained information about Islam and became lovers of Islam.
Second, when the Marxist regime was defeated, they tried to undermine Islam.
In Islamic countries there are so many youthful and sincere people who have focused their hopes on the Marxist system. They think that the establishment of a socialist government will eliminate poverty, injustice, malice and malice from their countries.
Some of them are honest. I have seen that some of them - whether Muslims or not - are honest people but do not believe in Islam.
They are ordinary people because they think that there is hope for ordinary people.
But when weaknesses lie down, they see that this is not the case, and they are not benefiting from it.
Therefore, they entered the path of Islam.
The youthful groups that you saw in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other places were at the service of an Islamic slogans. All of them were at the service of an Islamic slogans in the past 1960s - about 40 and 30 years ago - and they were at the service of an Islamic slogans.
The same is true of our country. I do not want to mention them.
There are people who speak about Islam, but they are really thinking about socialism under these statements.
Following the defeat of socialism, all those enthusiastic groups returned to Islam. They watched Islam, they watched the Holy Quran, they watched the commandments of Islam, they watched the Islamic Republic.
When a system is established under the teachings of Islam, it is full of modern and progressive statements, all oppressive people of the country are opposed to it, but it stands like a stone.
Those who were trying to find all the necessities of Marxism, socialism and socialism failed to, they were defeated. Now they see what they are looking for in Islam.
What do you think is happening?
They want to humiliate this issue, and this issue cannot be humiliated.
In the American monetary center, New York, U.S. Economic Center and on the street "Wall Street", which is the capital of the world, thousands of people assemble and say that they are not interested in capitalist excuses. They are not interested in foreigners. university students entered the country and said that we are not interested in capitalist excuses.
This is what I said. We used to say from the beginning that neither the East nor the west - namely, we did not accept the system of capital excuses and we did not accept the system of socialism.
You should be prepared.
Islamic teachers should be prepared.
It is necessary to ignore unreasonable statements. It is necessary to follow up strong and solid Islamic teachings which originate from the Holy Quran, Sunni and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
If you do this, you will see how much Islam will grow.
As I explained, I have many things to say with you and this meeting with you is a source of pleasure for me, but it is necessary to pay attention to the time.
Dear God, make religious teachers among the things that you believe.
Dear God, help the dear youth and the dear religious scholars of Kermanshah and Kermanshah to become effective teachers.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and guidance on all of us.
Make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) satisfied with us.
Imam Khamenei Appoints New Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - Khamenei.ir
Elsewhere in his statements, Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, appointed Dr. Abdul- Ali Asgari as chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of the chairman of Muhammad Sarafraz.
The following is the full text of the Leader's instructions on this issue:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dr. Abdullah Ali Asgari (may God bestow His victory on him)
I would like to thank Mr. Mohammad Sarafraz for the efforts made by the Revolution and the enmity which should not be forgotten. I have appointed you chairpersonally as the chairman of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
What I would like to tell you is one of the things that I signed to Mr. Sarafraz when I appointed him.
Therefore, I would like to stress the importance of organizing, safeguarding national policies, attracting, safeguarding and training laborers of the Revolution and promoting prominent role in the media of the modern world and relying on Allah the Exalted.
I ask Allah the Exalted to help you successfully in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Urdebehesht 22, 1395
May 11, 2016
Leader's Speech to Remembrance of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) death - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to commemorate the death of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate, pure, chosen and instructive families, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us another opportunity and a few more years to re-respect our magnanimous Imam on that occasion and to show our love for him.
Although the mention of Imam Khomeini has always been alive in the hearts of our people, the 14th of Khordad is the manifestation of the Iranian nation's love for Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
Last year, this day coincided with the birthday anniversary of Imam Musa ibn Ja'far (a.s.).
And this year coincides with the 50th anniversary of Khordad of the 15th of Khordad of the year 1342 and the beginning of the Revolution.
The 15th of Khordad is a very important and determining day.
Before going to the main point, I would like to say a lot of things to myself.
The 15th of Khordad is not the beginning of a great movement of teachers and people.
Before Khordad 15, there were some important events that took place in the year 1341 and early 1342.
For example, the events at the school of the Persians took place on the 2nd of Farbardeen, the year 1342, and the fall of religious scholars and mercenaries led to the insult of the great Marja'ath, Ayatollah Goliath.
In the meantime, the 13th of Ayatollah Seyyed Ahmad Khunsari was defeated at the end of the year 1341, and the 13th of Ayatollah Seyyed Ahmad Khunsari was defeated in Tehran.
These are indications that the movement of the clergy in the year 1341, as well as the beginning of the year 1342, was achieved in such a great way that the police and police officials of the oppressive government used a lot of power against the clergy and students as well as the maraaans.
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important occasion.
The reason is that what happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342.
On the day of Ashura of that year - which was the 13th of Khordad - Imam Khomeini delivered a very important discourse in the Persian seminary.
On the 15th of Khordad and on the 15th of Khordad and on the 15th of Khordad and on the 15th of Khordad and on the 15th of Khordad, the people shouted slogans in Qom and other cities. During that time, the Dagutu government shouted all its power, the Army, the Police and other officials of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
It is noteworthy that such a relationship is to advance the movement and lead it towards victory.
And wherever a movement is supported and wherever it is accompanied by the people, it will continue.
But if the people do not participate in an accelerated movement, they will not succeed.
As was the case in Iran during the reign of the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps went through the Revolution's Guards Corps.
When the people enter the arena and support a movement with all their intellectual capacities, the movement will continue and will be successful.
This is what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
As a result of the massacre of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) in Tehran and other cities, he forced the government to enter Tehran with all its power and power. A large number of people were killed.
The streets of Tehran are full of the bloodthirsty and pious servants of God.
On the 15th of Khordad, the dictatorial regime and the unbelieving heart of satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic satanic.
Another point in the 15th of Khordad - which is good for our dear youth and people to pay attention to - is that during the massacre of the people in Tehran and other cities, no international organization called itself human rights organizations.
Teachers and men are all alone in the arena of action.
Those who claim to be envious of the country - those who claim to support the resistance of the government - also criticized the movement. They said that this is a blind and indiscriminate movement.
Whenever they fail to find themselves in the battlefields, they accuse the faithful and revolutionary people of different kinds of presumptuousness and transgression.
The Imam (r.a.) continued his movement by the backing of the people and showed the world and history of his role as a religious leader and was determined to pursue his goal.
There are three things that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) believed in: his determination, courage and resistance. These three things are: faith in God, faith in the power of the people and faith in you. These three things revealed their identity and position.
The Imam (r.a.) was speaking from the heart and the people responded to his call with all their belongings.
They entered the arena with firm determination.
They led this movement, which no longer exists in the world, to victory.
Let me explain three of the beliefs that the Imam (r.a.) had in mind.
These are some important things that if we realize, they will enlighten our path.
Concerning faith in God, the Imam (r.a.) was the manifestation of this verse: "When people said to them: 'The people have accumulated surroundings for your sake, therefore be afraid of them.
Those words strengthened their faith and said, "Surely Allah is the Exemplar for us" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Imran, Ayah 23].
[The Holy Quran, 47: 7] He acted on the basis of God, spoke and acted on the basis of the assured expectation: "If you helped God, He will help you."
In the relationship with the people, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) understood all the meaning of the Iranian nation.
He believed that this nation is faithful, insightful and brave. If there is an appropriate leader, it will be able to show itself in all arenas just like the bright sun.
The Imam (r.a.) trusted the Iranian nation in this regard. If the Iranian nation had at times been humiliated by the unwholesome people such as Shahid Hussein (a.s.), then the brave people such as Nadeer Kali (a.s.) had at one time appeared among the people and led the Iranian nation with all their courage, our nation would be able to extend its presence from Delhi to the Black Sea.
He recognized the Iranian nation and trusted in it.
He revealed their religious envy in this way that the Iranian nation became a model of resistance and insight.
The Imam (r.a.) used to describe the enemies of the Iranian nation as the greatest and most honorable.
This is why I assure you that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) never failed in the arenas of confronting the arrogant powers because the arrogant powers became opposers of the mercy of the people. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) saw the enemy as their enemies.
On the issue of self-reliance, the Imam (r.a.) taught the Iranian nation that we can.
He revealed his power to the world. On Ashura 1342, in spite of all the pressures, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) appeared before students from Qom in the Persian seminary and showed that he trusted in the United States and the arrogant powers. He threatened him that if you repeat what you are doing, I would tell the people who would expel you from Iran.
He was a cleric in Qom and did not have any weaponry, financial support or international assistance.
It is faith in God and trust in Him that will prove to be in this regard.
Similarly, on the day that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) returned from exile in the battlefield of Beheshti Zahra, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) openly threatened the Shah and added: "I will strike the Shah's palace against the Shah's palace.
The Imam (r.a.) believed in himself.
This was how Imam Khomeini (r.a.) expressed his confidence in the people.
Some people believe this. One of the most powerful weapons that the enemy has played in order to establish its power over other nations is to make people feel compassionate and to say nothing we can do.
This was how they fed the Iranian nation for many years in political, scientific, economic and other areas of life.
He told the Iranian nation that they would be able to do so.
He rewarded us with courage, rewarded us with firm determination and rewarded us with confidence and self-confidence.
Therefore, the Iranian nation has managed to victories in all areas during the past thirty years.
The beliefs that existed among Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - that is to say, faith in God, faith in the people and self-reliance - were the basis of all his positions, actions and policies.
At the beginning of this resistance, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was strengthened by these three beliefs.
The same was true of the time when he was forced to exile. The same was true of the time he went to Paris and the same was true of the time he returned to Iran.
Three of these things gave Imam Khomeini the strength to return to Tehran.
In the month of Bahman 1357, during the time of the victory of the Revolution, during the camp of domestication, during the announcement of the Islamic Republic, during the camp of resistance against the oppressive powers of the world, during the camp of ‘ Neither the East nor the West, ’ during the Sacred Defense Era, in all the events that happened during the past 10 years of Imam Khomeini's life, all these three faiths became manifest in Imam Khomeini's presence.
These three factors are the basis of Imam Khomeini's position and responsibility.
Until the end of his life, nobody had seen any signs of weakness, exhaustation or doubts that were hardened by the words and actions of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
Many of the revolutionary powers have doubts about what they are doing. They have doubts about what they are doing.
Sometimes they return from the rowza even the things that they mentioned earlier.
In the end of his life, he spoke even more enthusiastically than his speech delivered in the year 1342.
He is old, but his heart is young and his spirit is alive.
This is the firm determination of the Holy Quran, which says, "If they had stood firm on the road, I would have dried them up a lot of water."
In another verse, he said, "Those who said,'Our Lord is Allah, were in line with the word, the angels descended upon them,'Do not be afraid nor be grieved and declare the good news about the promised paradise." [The Holy Quran, 41: 30] These three faiths led the Imam (r.a.) to establish his idea, direction, direction and direction for the people, and they gradually strengthened the hope of our nation, our youth and other areas.
The Iranian nation changed its power, and Allah the Exalted changed its condition. "By Allah's favor, the people will not change their hearts, but the people will change their hearts."
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation managed to change its path.
What was the result?
There are many things that our youth should know about the reliance of the Pahlavi satanic regime - which was worse than the time of the Qajar regime - on England and America.
This reliance on them is a source of disgrace.
After the victory of the Revolution, a prominent American diplomat stated: "We are the people who tell him what he needs and what he does not need.
They used to tell him that you should have relations with men and that you should have relations with men.
To whom you sell it and not to whom you sell it.
A country that has relied on others has been transformed into a country of independence and dignity.
Some of the corrupt, faithful, religious and materialistic leaders ruled the country, but they were replaced with representatives of the nation.
They were replaced with officials and elections from the people.
For more than three decades, the hegemons of the country and the economic and political issues of the country have been representatives of the people.
This is a very important point. They did not pay their money when they entered the throne.
The corrupt and mercenary politicians who stood by the enemies and showed their wrath on the people made themselves representatives of the people. Our country, which has remained in the arena of knowledge, has been transformed into a prominent country in the arena of knowledge.
Before the victory of the Revolution, we did not have any achievements in the scientific arena of the country.
Is this insignificant?
The calculating centers of the world predict that the Iranian nation will reach the fourth scientific position in the world in the years to come.
Is this insignificant?
We used to be in a country in which if we wanted to build a road, a big street, a dropshipper or a factory, we would have to cooperate with others so that foreign engineers could build the water for us, the road for us and a factory.
Today the youth of the Iranian nation are relying solely on thousands of companies, hundreds of millions of water mines, hundreds of thousands of paths and buildings in the country.
Should we close our eyes to all these things?
In medical and medical areas, our patients should go to European hospitals if they have a lot of money, but if they do not have a lot of money, they should die.
Today the most complicated operations are being carried out in our country, the most important and the most important operations are being carried out in Tehran as well as many other cities.
The Iranian nation does not need any foreigners in this regard.
We have reached a position of self-confidence in this very important area.
Several parts of the country were abandoned at that time.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution and before visiting many cities and villages of the country, there were exceptions in caring for rural areas.
Today the different kinds of services are being carried out throughout the country, in the distant cities and in different denominations.
Today nobody can say that we do not have electricity or that we do not have roads as an example.
At that time before the victory of the Revolution, there were 35 million students in the country.
Today the number of students has doubled, but the number of students has doubled twice and thirty times.
The number of university students means the number of teachers and university students.
In every city, there are two, five, even ten universities.
At that time even in a state, the number of high school students did not increase.
Today in this state, universities are available in all its cities.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation thanks to the Revolution and the determination of our youth and officials.
These are important things.
Thanks to the Revolution, there have been many important and fundamental projects in the country. Hundreds of thousands of companies have been built in the country.
We used to bring ourselves products from foreign countries, but today we have a lot of products in our country.
It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
These things have been achieved thanks to the three beliefs that the Imam (r.a.) put in the hearts of the people of the country - that is, faith in God, faith in the people and self-reliance.
This is not to say, we are not saying these things to make us feel happy.
No, a great task lies ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we compared ourselves to the time of taghut, such achievements are clear, but if we compare ourselves to what Islam wants to see, that is, the country in which Islam wants to see, the world in which there is greatness, happiness in the world, faith in morality and fear of God, there is a great difference between us and our people.
I would like to say this in order for our dear people and our brave people to know that this path will be achieved only through these three beliefs.
They know that there is a long way to go, but you can, and you can.
You can continue treading this long path to the peaks.
I would like to say these words so that you know that the enemy's efforts to dissuade us are based on enmity.
The road map is ahead of us.
We have a road map.
What is our road map?
This is the teaching that can help us move forward. Imam Khomeini's teachings are clear. Fortunately Imam Khomeini's talks and his writings are contained in 23 newspapers.
This is a mistake. I do not think that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was good for us, but we should also forget his teachings.
The road map was with Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and he introduced it to us.
Regarding foreign policy, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was teaching: resisting the policies of colonialism, establishing brotherhood with Muslim nations, establishing relations with all countries of the world, except with countries that lay their sword on the Iranian nation and showing enmity to them, fighting Zionism, fighting to liberate Palestine, helping the oppressed people of the world, and standing up against oppressors.
The Imam (r.a.) was with us.
The following is the full text of the speech and publications of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household. In the arena of culture, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings are the following: to abstain from western moral and satanic traditions, to abstain from hypocrisy and Islamic jurisprudence, to support morality and Islamic jurisprudence, and to fight corruption and blasphemy in society.
In the economic arena as well, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) teaches: relying on the economy of the country, relying on the domestic resources, righteousness of the economy of production and distribution.
The Imam's teachings also demanded that we and us refrain from undermining the economy of the world. And we should maintain independence in the economy of the country.
The Iranian nation can minimize this gap only through faith and commemoration of its magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can make progress.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will be able to move towards the path which has been changed over the past thirty years. By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will be able to move towards the path of the Islamic Ummah.
But the issue of elections is the one that is spreading today.
Dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian people!
Elections are the manifestation of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) three beliefs, and they should be with us. That is to say, it is a symbol of faith in God.
It is our duty, our duty and our duty to get involved in the future of our country.
This responsibility belongs to the individual people of Iran.
This is the manifestation of trust in the people because elections are the manifestation of personal interest in the people and because the people elect government officials through elections.
It is the manifestation of your trust, and if somebody throwing his vote into the elections, he feels that he has played a role in determining the destiny of the country.
This is a very important point.
Therefore, elections are the manifestation of trust in God, the manifestation of trust in the people and the manifestation of trust in them.
Any vote that you refuse to vote for any of the Iranian pilgrims - that is, the eight people on the scene - is not for the Islamic Republic.
A vote for each of these candidates is not a vote for the Islamic Republic. It is a vote for the Islamic Republic.
Your participation in the presidential election - whether the presidential election or the presidential election - is an agreement with the Islamic Republic and the way the presidential election is conducted.
Second, I am determined not to choose between you, this brother, that sister and I in order to benefit the country and all the other pilgrims.
Our enemies outside the arena of elections are thinking that they can pose a threat to the Islamic Republic and that elections are a great opportunity for the Islamic Republic.
Their goal is either to conduct elections unpleasantly so that the people can confuse the Islamic Republic; or to create a fitna during the elections, just as the year 1388.
This is what the enemies of this nation are looking forward to.
The enemies of this nation have forgotten the 9th of Aban. They have forgotten the day when the Iranian nation came out in support of the Islamic Republic after the fitna of the year 1388. Those who think that the majority of the people of this country are opposed to the Islamic Republic have forgotten that on the 22nd of Bahman every year over 34 years, millions of people go to different cities in order to show their support for the Islamic Republic.
In order to undermine the effectiveness of this election, they organized a group of experts who would speak through their media.
They should say that elections are organized, that elections are independent and that elections are unjust in the eyes of the people.
No, they did not know our people and they did not know our elections and they did not know the Islamic Republic.
This is true of capitalist countries.
In capitalist countries, if you are not a member of the two or three parliamentaries and if you do not have the support of capitalists, their companies and their superpowers, you can fight for elections only if you do not have the support of capitalists.
Some people who do not support the Zionists do not support the bloodthirsty capitalists of the world are unable to enter the arena of elections whatever they do.
Neither they have any media with them nor they have any TV stations to deliver their plans.
Therefore, it is the kind of money that they spend a few minutes in order to deliver their plans.
In our country, the black people will be given many hours to deliver their messages to the people without having to kill them.
Where is this happening throughout the world?
The only thing that rules the arena of elections is law.
According to the law, some people may enter the arena of elections and some others may not.
The Law identified the principles that should be met, namely, who were worthy of standing.
All of this is based on law.
The enemies sit by and close their eyes to all these things. They say the same things. Unfortunately, some God-fearing people continue to say the same things.
By Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will respond to these people through their presence and their resistance. And their response will be disgraceful.
I would like to raise a few points to the people of Iran and the people of Iran. The people of Iran's Guards Corps and the people of Iran's Guards Corps focused on different government plans.
It is possible to criticize all their views as wrong, but it is wise to criticize them in terms of determination, determination and determination.
It is necessary to pay attention to this point. I do not have any signature. From now on, the media which have been broadcast by foreign media because of opposition and evil intentions will say: "I am superior to any other signature."
I would like to urge those who are interested in attracting the attention of the people to the issue of justice.
They should do so, but they do not mean disrespecting someone else. They should not be disrespectful of what has been done, whether in this government or in the previous governments.
This is not to say, it is not to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it is to say, it
Today those who are at the throne of the kingship do not have to start working at first. There are thousands of great achievements that have been made.
Over the years, many construction projects have been carried out in the era of different governments.
These things should not be ignored.
In any case, we should not ignore any of these things simply because we are faced with economic and economic problems. This is wrong.
But if we have any solution for these problems, we should not deny all the things that have been done today.
And we should not make unfulfilled promises.
I would like to tell all the black people what they are doing and what they are not ashamed of if they receive the recordings they have made in the following year.
You should be assured that if you are presented to them in the future, you will not be able to control the responsibility of the other person.
You should promise what you can do.
In our country, according to the Constitution, the president has a very great power.
The chairperson of the country has great power in the framework of our government.
The Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution has the right to establish laws in the country. He has the right to implement laws in the country. He has the right to implement laws in the country.
The heads of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps are involved in different events.
The only limit he has is legal limitations.
It is not limited to law, nor is it limited to law.
The law is guiding, not exaggerating.
The people who are speaking to the people should know what they can and what they need.
If they have plans and plans, they should tell the people that they should do their utmost to implement these plans and they should promise them that they will carry out their heavy responsibilities with all the power that the law has given them.
Some people have wrongly thought that we should take action against the enemy in order to reduce their anger against us.
This is a mistake. They are making the interests of the people superior to the interests of the country.
The enemy's wrath was due to your presence, the presence of the Islamic Republic, the presence of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) in the hearts and minds of the people of the country and the events that are being carried out. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) died on the 14th of Khordad.
This is the reason why they are angry.
If our nation is firm, if it has reduced its needs, if it has solved its problems, if it has managed to strengthen its economy in the first place, then the enemies will not be able to do anything in the presence of the Iranian nation.
In any case, what is important is firm determination, faith in God, trust in the people and trust in Him, whether in the presence of the people or in the presence of the people.
My dear brothers and sisters, the following ten days are the stage of great trials. I hope by Allah's favor, the people will go through these great trials and will have good results at the end of these trials.
There is no talents nor power except by Allah the Exalted.
Leader’s Message to European and North American Youths - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
To All Young People in Europe and North America
The recent events in France and other Western countries gave me the opportunity to speak to you personally.
I speak to you dear youth, not just because I have disrespected your parents, but also because you are the leaders of the future of your nation and your country. And I see that your hearts are full of truths.
And I am not speaking to the politicians and officials of your governments because I am convinced that they willfully and consciously removed their politicians from the path of truth.
Speaking to you is against Islam, especially against what is being introduced to you as Islam.
During the past 20 years - that is to say, since the collapse of the Soviet Union - a great effort has been made to present this great religion as a great fear.
Unfortunately this frightening atmosphere is a fear-inspiring event in the history of western politicians.
But here I do not want to speak about the frightening and frightening plots that have been imposed on the hearts of western nations.
As you go back a few times in history, you will see that the new writers of history have interrupted the injustice that western governments have imposed on the peoples and cultures of the world.
The history of Europe and America has been humiliated by the worship of the people, the colonialism and oppression of the unbelievers and non-Christians.
The scholars and teachers of your history are ashamed of the shed bloodthirsty of religion among the Catholic and Protestant followers or tribal followers during the first and second centuries of the world.
The goal of distracting a portion of this long phenomenon is not to confuse history. Rather, I would like to ask your outstanding personalities why the conscience of western nations has awakened after decades or even hundreds of decades of delay.
Why is the conscience of the people dependent on what has happened in the past few decades and not on what is happening today?
Why are people distanced from understanding important issues such as Islamic culture and Islamic thinking?
You know that oppression, enmity and frightening other people are like a common ground for bringing about all such oppression and evil benefits for the people.
Now I would like to ask you why has the old policy of terror, Islamophobia and Muslims been restored?
Why does the present system of hegemony put Islamic thinking in the first place?
What are some things that are in the Islamic thought and values, and what will they do in order to undermine the identity of Islam and the policies of global powers?
Therefore, the first requirement is to ask and analyze the reasons behind such a great effort to bear the name of Islam.
Second, when it comes to responding to the evil propaganda that is being carried out in the name of Islam, try to identify the Islamic Ummah with clear teachings.
A healthy mind condemns the obligation to know the truth of what you are being feared and to distance you from it. However, I am not saying that you believe in understanding an Islamic principle, but I am saying that you should not be sidelined from this fact that affects the world of modern times in order to a wrong goal.
You should not hypocritically introduce terrorists who are committed to them as representatives of Islam.
You should identify Islam from its roots.
You should understand Islam through the Holy Quran and the life of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
Here I would like to ask you, Have you ever read the Holy Quran of Islam directly?
Have you carefully studied the teachings of the Holy Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.).
Have you ever understood the message of Islam through a different method, not through media?
Have you ever asked yourself how this Islam was formed, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so, how much more so?
I advise you not to allow evil policies and stupidity to distract you from the truth and to eliminate the possibility of righteousness from you.
Now that the media have infiltrated the boundaries of the countries, do not let you be sidelined with the boundaries of the countries.
Of course nobody can fill the gaps that have been created, but any one of you can create an inheritance of reason and justice for the gaps that have been created.
Of course the challenge that has been raised between Islam and you dear youth is a real challenge, but it can create new questions in your hearts that are looking for the truth.
Trying to find the answers to these questions will open the way for you to identify certain new truths.
Therefore, do not allow the opportunity to understand the truth of Islam to be passed away on you. Why should future nations write down the history of this hasty dealings with Islam that the west have made with Islam without suffering?
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader Appoints Dr.Ahmadinejad as Members of the Parliament of the Islamic Republic of Iran - Khamenei.ir
Elsewhere in his statements, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution appointed President of Iran by Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as chairman of the Islamic Republic of Iran's Assembly of Experts.
The following is the full text of the message issued on November 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Dr. Mahmoud Ahmadinejad
Consider the efforts and values that you made during the eight-year term as president of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the experience you gained in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the shrine of Imam Ridha (a.s.) in Mashhad on the first day of the year 1393 in exile.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me another opportunity to meet you dear youth - dear people of Mashhad and dear brothers and sisters - in the holy place of Ab-Hasan Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha and we can enjoy the blessing of the new year by sitting under the shade of the shade of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
I would like to congratulate all the dear people of Iran on the occasion of Norouz and on the arrival of the new year. I hope that the year when we entered will be a year full of blessings, happiness, excitement and good deeds for the entire Iranian nation and a source of knowledge and fear of Allah the Exalted.
There are certain points that I would like to discuss with you dear brothers and sisters during this meeting.
The first point is a brief look at what has happened to us, our nation and our country and what has affected us in the arenas of the world and the region.
The reason why we should speak to the issues of the year 1390 and especially the achievements of the Iranian nation in this year are the result of the machinations made by the enemies and their evil intentions against the Iranian nation.
The heads of the arrogant powers, the interferers, the prisoners and their mercenaries in our region - they used all their power - including financial, propaganda and political power - to frighten the Iranian nation and make them disappoint.
Anybody who follows the evil propaganda of the Iranian nation can openly see that the labor, economic and political efforts, military threats and other such efforts in order to capture the steadfast and stable Iranian nation from the arena of progress, make it disappointed and frightened by this presence.
In fact, they wanted to convince us that we would be able to teach our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and that the Islamic Revolution gave us the power to convince us that you are not able to do anything.
They made every effort to this goal. The last year was a very valuable year for them.
I would like to know that because of what they wanted to see the Iranian nation tread its path, their progress, their resistance and their resistance, they gave the Iranian nation a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness, a measure of weakness and a measure of weakness.
The reason why we speak about the dimensions of power and the achievements that have been made is that we can prove to the country that the Iranian nation has used its power and that it is contrary to what evil intentions show that the Iranian nation is unable to do.
We do not have weaknesses. We do not have weaknesses. But in the general situation, weaknesses are far more important than weaknesses.
We named the year 1390 as "The Year of Economic Jihad", and this year as "The Year of Economic Jihad".
The efforts of our government officials in the arena of economic valor and the unity that the people gave them throughout the past year are commemorative.
One of the things that can be mentioned in this regard is the policy of governmental support.
Economic outstanding personalities - both in the previous governments and in the government - have agreed that this policy should be implemented in the country. Everybody believes it.
Of course this was a common issue, but the issue remained inexhaustible because of the obstacles. The government and the Majlis of the past year were determined to start this work in a more difficult and difficult sanctions, and a very important part of the preparedness has been implemented until last year.
The task is not limited, but what has been done by the officials of the government - both in the government and in the Majlis - and what has been supported by the people has been achieved success and a very important work has been done.
All of us have heard these things, but this is a great achievement. It is a very important achievement.
One of the goals of this arrangement is to divide the support that the people receive from the government in a fair way.
Later in a speech, I explained that this kind of support was previously distributed among different social groups through an injustice.
I have a good report from different parts of the country that shows that it has a role in improving the lives of unbelievers among the people.
This is one of the goals of this arrangement and it is the most important purpose of implementing this law.
Another goal is to improve the production system and the economic system of the country.
Based on economic calculations - all of them have shared in this regard - these regulations can be adjusted in the process of implementing the principles and implementing the principles of supporting the country.
Another goal is to use our energy appropriately.
Since we are a country that has been blessed with oil and we are used to making unchecked use of oil and gas, we are used to making unchecked use of oil.
The way we use these blessings is very valuable in many parts of the world. It is also possible to say that we are superior to all parts of the world.
The calculations that have been issued and the calculations that are trustworthy show us that if the preparedness had not been implemented until now, the value of recession in our country would be doubled as much as the value of recession in our country today.
When we do not produce the necessary oil in the country, what should we do?
That is to say, the Iranian nation should be at the service of its enemies and its evil intentions.
Today the oil that is used in the country is almost equivalent to the oil that is used in the country. Therefore, we need not import oil.
In the year 1390 B.C.E. when our enemies imposed sanctions on our nation, they imposed sanctions on our nation.
But the youth of our nation made efforts and they managed to deal with the enemy's plots through their efforts.
As a result of the public determination, one of the most important and important things that has been done in the arena of knowledge and technology is what has been done in the arena of knowledge and technology.
Knowledge and technology are one of the sources of stability and stability for the economy.
When a nation acquires knowledge that is familiar with modern technology, when it acquires wealth and when it acquires political power, when it becomes human and strong.
Because of the importance of scientific progress and technological advancement, I make this issue especially important.
I am approaching different reports from different sectors. I would like to inform you that the advances that have been made in the country are not far deeper than the advances that have been made in the country.
According to a report by the approved scientific centers of the world - which is not stated by our scientific centers - the most accelerated scientific progress is being made in Iran today.
In the year 1390 which corresponded to 2011 Midian, according to a report by the scientific centers of the world, the Iranian nation managed to make more scientific progress than it did in 2010 and it managed to make more progress than it did in 2010. What is the meaning of this?
This was when the enemies of the Iranian nation became enraged against the Iranian nation and said that we have imposed crushing sanctions on the Iranian nation.
A report by the scientific centers which have been approved in the world is that in this region, Iran is the first and the seventh leader in the arena of scientific progress.
In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural technology. In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural technology. In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural science. In the year 1390 we made progress in the field of natural science. We made progress in the field of nuclear power.
This twenty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-t
It is necessary to provide fuel for our research center in Tehran because the fuel that is available in Tehran is about to disappear.
In order to give us the uranium they used to say that we should send the uranium to foreign countries, but we refused to accept it.
Brazilian and Turkish universities sat down with our president and negotiated with him and entered a treaty.
But after the agreement was signed, the Americans turned their backs on it. They did not want the agreement to be signed, and they wanted to get a lot more.
Because the Americans failed to fulfill their vows, the Brazilian and Turkey governments were ashamed of them. This was the case of twenty-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five-five.
Last year they produced twenty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty-thirty
Of course they knew that the Tehran government was due to medical production - that is to respond to the needs of the sick and research - and thousands of sick people were in need of this organization.
Our youth immediately established it.
It was a difficult and complicated task, but it has been done and different kinds of products are being produced in Tehran, Tehran and the domestic fuel system.
This event took place in the year 1390 B.C.E.
In a general sense, when the talks about the exchanging uranium that was struck inside the country, they said that you should give to Russia a third-and-a-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half-half.
This event took place in the year 1390.
The increasing number of medications, the increasing number of foreign products and the increasing number of public services were created in the year 1390 B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E.
This is part of the achievements that were made in the year "The Year of Economic Jihad".
These are scientific progress, technological progress and scientific power, but all of them have a direct influence on the economy of the country.
By the end of the year 1390 – that is to say, this last week – I was appointed as an explorer of the oil industry.
There I have seen many advances in different fields of knowledge, and similar advances can be seen in other areas. One can say, there are not just such advances in this area. There are certain advances that our nation has not seen in the past or even in the dream.
The spirit of jihad is in the hearts of those who are doing this work.
Like those who engage in jihad, they engage in jihad for the sake of God.
There is a difference between those who are working for the sake of money, status, fame, or knowledge and those who are working for the sake of God in jihad.
This is a very valuable and important thing.
The second advantage is that I have seen that our scholars have turned this sanctions into an opportunity for our nation.
During this hour's ceremony, some people expressed their gratitude to Allah the Exalted for making sanctions.
This spirit feels that the sanctions that the enemies imposed on us are valuable and important.
The third characteristic that I have seen in this meeting is the greatest trust in the country.
Some branches of industry are limited to three to four countries. They do not allow anybody to develop such skills.
For many years, our country had to be educated in this regard. These difficult and complicated activities cost many money.
But with my eyes, I saw that our messengers were determined to say that we can.
This confidence in a society with certain intellectuals and youth is very valuable.
Another characteristic is trust in the youth.
Labor is in the hands of the youth.
And our youth are the foundation of light and innovation.
Another characteristic is the relationship between industry and universities. This was what I expected to have been doing for a long time.
I have always advised the officials in charge of different sectors of the country to make efforts in order to establish relations between industries and universities.
Fortunately, I witnessed that this relationship was established there.
Of course this is the case everywhere and in all our industry and universities, and this will help us make progress in knowledge as well as in our industry.
This aspect of the economy was the same in the year 1390: the year when the enemies raised obstacles from the beginning to the end. Sometimes they were threatening, sometimes they were under political pressure, and sometimes they imposed sanctions on us.
Currently, the mercenaries of the US government are trying throughout the world to implement these sanctions in order to harm the Iranian nation and create a rift between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
There were other great achievements in the year 1390 that included the diplomatic activities that were carried out on the issues of the region in the year 1390.
The gathering of Islamic Awakening, the gathering of Palestinians, the gathering of weapons, international conventions, the gathering of youth and Islamic Awakening - these are all of the things that have been done in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has become the focus of the eyes of the world of Islam, and they have awakened.
In the arena of economic services, thousands of homes have been built for the people.
This is a very great number. Homes have been built in mountains and streets have been built in mountains and mountains.
These are the things that have been created during the recent years of justice.
In spite of all the machinations of the enemies and their evil intentions, this nation has stood firm and made progress.
Of course, it is necessary to realize that the elections have not yet been completed.
This election is very important.
I would like to inform you that I used to say that it is about six months that the Armed Forces are trying to kill the mujahids of the country in order to avoid their presence.
Sometimes they say, "If the people fail, the enemy's opposition towards the Iranian nation will be reduced." They have made various propaganda moves to prevent the people from participating in elections.
During the past six months, they carried out the same three-month terrorist activities in order to frighten our people and kill them.
Over the past 10 years, the number of people who appeared during the time of the Constitution and of the Constitution (a.s.) was not up to 40 percent.
Well, compare this with the Iranian nation.
The 12th of Esfand is the birthday anniversary of the separation between the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic. On the contrary, this day has been an honorable anniversary for the Islamic Republic and the people of Iran.
This election proved to be a source of truth and power.
They have confiscated the news in Iran, they have confiscated the news in Iran and they have confiscated the realities, but this election cannot be denounced.
This has happened in the eyes of the people.
This election was like an outstanding record that managed to present the realities of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to all the nations of the world.
These are the things that happened in the year 1390 and the year when the enemies made their utmost efforts to defeat the Iranian nation.
These are some of the achievements of the Iranian nation in the year 1390.
Ever since the issue of nuclear power was introduced, the enemies took care of it.
Of course they know and they even say that Iran does not want to develop nuclear weapons.
This is the truth. We do not want to develop nuclear weapons for any reason. We do not want to develop nuclear weapons. We do not want to develop nuclear weapons.
What is the essence?
The main point is the firm resistance of the Islamic Republic in defending the return wealth of our country.
Today - like the day when economic and political power moves towards scientific and military power - they are dependent on fuel and oil.
For many years, the world will need to make gases. This is an acceptable point.
The arrogant powers know that their life depends on oil and gas.
If they fail to obtain this profitable price, they will be obliged to give up their pressures in order to satisfy their needs. This day will be disastrous for them. On the other hand, the western countries are suffering from problems in the battlefields, and their problems are increasing on a daily basis.
In general, the supply of oil from Europe and some other European and western countries has reached its end for four years, some six years and some nine years. Therefore, they should make use of the resources that other countries have.
The U.S. government, which has now stored an estimate of 30 billion pockets of oil, depends on our scholars' calculations and the number of the Americans' calculations to 2021, that is, nine years to come.
At that time, they would rely on the oil that comes from the Persian Gulf and more than 50 percent of the oil that comes from this region.
At that time they will rely on the three oil source of our region and the Persian Gulf. One of these source is Iran, and I will explain this.
Among the countries in the world - not just the Persian Gulf - the Islamic Republic is the country with the highest oil and gas capacities.
Some countries are far more than our own, while others are far more than our own.
In the sense of the gas blessing, we are the second-and-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-fourth-four
This is an attractive point for the countries that use oil and for the arrogant powers whose entire life depends on fuel, oil and gas.
The Islamic Republic of Iran will remain alive for 10-15 years, but the Islamic Republic of Iran - according to the achievements that have been realized today - has been rewarded for 70 years. This is a very sensitive issue.
What do the arrogant powers want in a country that has oil and gas?
They want this country to be in the hands of a government and a system that is like some other regional countries. These countries have oil and many other countries, but these countries are like a piece of oil in the hands of the Americans: they want to say to them how much oil you want, and they want to say that there is no problem in this regard.
If in Iran - which is the source of oil and gas - a system is formed by a nationalistic government that has resisted in order to safeguard this wealth, refused to take care of this treasure and refused to accept the policies of the enemies, it would be opposed to it.
Those who think that if we give up on the issue of nuclear power, America will end its enmity with us, they are ignorant of this fact.
Their problem is not about nuclear affairs.
There are countries that have nuclear weapons and they are present in our region, but they do not care about them.
Therefore, neither the issue of nuclear weapons nor the issue of manufacture is issue, nor is the issue of human rights.
The problem is the Islamic Republic which has stood before them like a lion.
If, like some regional countries, the Islamic Republic had been prepared to deceive its people, it would have been impossible to deceive it.
That is why they are opposed to the Iranian nation.
Of course the Americans were making a mistake.
It is a mistake to think that they can force the Islamic Republic of Iran to retreat through enmity and threats or that they can remove the Islamic Republic from the scene.
The westerners do not allow their nations to realize what calamities they will be facing in the arena of blessings.
They do not want their nations to understand what is in the future with regard to oil and energy. They do not want to tell their nations about these things.
They thought that by their enmity, the Iranian nation would be able to make progress.
I would like to tell you dear brothers and sisters, dear people of Iran, that America is in a weak state today with all its power, all its shouts and conflicts.
I do not want to make excuses for private information or specific experiences. What I would like to say is more obvious than two quarters.
Just see that the current US President is the result of the uprisings that have been made during the Revolution.
What does it mean to change?
Today we are in a bad situation. I would like to change this situation.
This slogan entered the arena and the people gave him a vote for this slogan. Otherwise the people of the United States, which were vulnerable to racial prejudice, were not prepared to give a vote to anybody, but they gave him a vote for the sake of their wishes.
The effect of this Revolution on the people of the United States is indicative of their evil behavior. The situation of the United States when this Revolution's Guards Corps was resolved, as the Americans themselves proved, was in a bad situation and he promised a change for them.
Therefore, it has been acknowledged as a bad situation.
I do not want to say this. The Americans themselves revealed that the situation was worse.
Did this man give rise to the throne?
Is it possible to change this dangerous situation?
This debt is equitable or valuable for the domestic production.
This is a great problem for a country.
This is the political condition of the country: it forced the people to leave Iraq without any achievements. In Afghanistan almost every day their conditions are deteriorating.
In Muslim countries, in Egypt, in North Africa, and in Tunisia, America has lost its reputation.
In addition to all these things, the movement of Wall Street has emerged in the United States.
Is this a good situation?
Therefore, America is faced with a difficult situation.
It is possible that America threatens certain countries.
There I would like to announce that we do not have nuclear weapons and we will never produce nuclear weapons, but in order to protect ourselves against any enemy attack against us - whether America or the Zionist regime - we will respond to the enemy attackers.
The Holy Quran promises us: "And those who have turned their back on you, and those who have turned their back on you, will not find any slanderer nor will they find any helper."
The path of God that lies ahead of you will not be replaced with the path of God (the path of the Faithful over their oppressor) [The Holy Quran, 48: 22-23].
In the Holy Quran, Allah the Exalted said that if you start war and attack, you will victory. You may victory and you may be defeated - just as it did in the days of Islam, when Muslims attacked and when they defeated and when they defeated.
But Allah the Exalted has promised that when the enemies attack you, they will definitely be defeated.
This should not be thought to be an event that affected the beginning of Islam. No, "The path of God that has strayed away from this path will not be changed for the path of God" is a divine name.
The Iranian nation has made a firm determination and does not intend to attack another nation, but it is committed to its dignity, wealth, dignity, Islam, and Islamic Republic with all its power.
That is to say, when you are consuming domestic products, you are helping the Iranian pilgrims, you are creating production, you are helping the Iranian nation's capital and you are helping the Iranian nation's progress.
This wrong culture - which can unfortunately be accompanied by certain parts of our society - is harmful to our world and harmful to our progress and future.
Each of us has a responsibility. We should support our domestic production.
Therefore, today our government officials have a treasure in hand, and they can use it to strengthen our domestic production.
Similarly, nations - whether intellectual or active - should work together in order to fulfill their responsibilities.
You should be consumers of domestic products.
It is not a mistake to be proud of being superior to foreign products - inside our home, in our seats, in our daily needs and in our domestic production - and we are often superior to our domestic products.
I have heard that some of the products that are being produced in certain cities of the country are going to sign foreign companies and are returned to them.
It may be that if they were selled here, the buyer would not like them, but because they had the signs of France's company, he would have to buy this cloth or this package. This is a mistake.
Production of domestic products is very important.
In the arena of production, the most productive is in the hands of the people. This is part of the refining process that was used in the country for the past two years, and this is part of the jihad for the economy which I spoke about last year. Making domestic products is very important. We should make it our step forward.
Dear brothers and sisters throughout the country, we need unity and cooperation today.
There are a lot of differences and differences.
Sometimes one issue shows that there are differences in opinion and view of two people, but this should not be a source of discord.
When this person has a different viewpoint and when this person has a different viewpoint, this should not be a source of discord.
The Holy Quran teaches us: “ Do not be arguing until your hearts are weak.” [The Holy Quran, 8: 46] If we engage in arguing in various political, economic and social issues and if we engage in arguing with one another, our enemies will be strong.
The disagreements that our enemies have made during the past few years are the result of discord among us.
The Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) teaches us: "Those who are seeking the truth and making a mistake are not equal to those who are seeking the truth and are not able to find it."
One opposer was interested in the truth, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Revolution and religion as well as Allah the Exalted. But he was wrong.
He is different from the person who is opposed to the Islamic Republic and who is opposed to the Islamic Republic.
You should be kind and kind. Unfortunately the latest media and Internet broadcasts have opened the way for the people to spread hurtful statements about one another.
The essence of this issue is that we should feel that we should be exemplary in the behavior of Islam.
However, this insult should not be viewed as something that some people should bear in mind and criticize our revolutionary youth for being long-suffering.
I advise all the pious, pious and pious youth of the country as their children. I advise all the pious and pious youth of the country as their children.
Everybody should pay attention to law.
The Islamic Revolution is part of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the Iranian officials.
The government respects the chairman of the council, and the council respects the chairman and the chairman of the country.
This does not mean that all of them should have the same thoughts and feelings.
I hope the year 1391 and the year 1391 will be a happy year for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, bestow Your guidance on our dear youth and our dear people on the path of transcendence.
Dear God, punish the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, make this great nation stand up towards its goals. Dear God, make the heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us, and make us benefit from his prayers.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the shrine of Imam Ridha (a.s.) in Mashhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and all praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and all praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon him and upon him.
Greetings be upon the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) sister Fatimah, her father, her husband and her children.
I would like to extend my greetings to all the dear brothers and sisters who have attended this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will prepare our hearts and tongues for the good.
It is appropriate for me that each year, on the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz and the occasion of Norouz.
You dear brothers and sisters should pay attention to the fact that we Iranian people do not pay attention to our affairs. There are other people who pay attention to our affairs.
There are certain nations that benefit from our experience. They focus their attention on the Iranian nation and they rejoice over any achievements we make.
When we victory, they feel that they have been victorious, and when we have been hurt, they feel hot and hurt.
There are certain people in the world who focus their attention on our activities, but they are opposed to the priorities.
They are ill-wishers to the Iranian nation.
Often, those who have been occupied with all the issues of the country for many years are the people who have dominated all the issues of the country.
The Islamic Revolution broke their hands and broke their hands.
Therefore, they are opposed to the Revolution and they are opposed to the government which has been established and the government which has been established.
We are under the oversight of a large number of human beings.
Therefore, when we look at the things that we have done and our plans for the past and the future, our perspective should be solid.
When they take a look at the situation of the country, some of our people are weak.
They do not see anything except the price of domestic products, the reduction of domestic products and the pressure of the enemies.
I have a different view of labor.
When I take a look at the situation of our country and our people, I see that the Iranian nation managed to victory in this regard despite the enmity of the enemies.
There are certain weaknesses and difficulties. There are certain disappointments among the things that happen in the country. Some of the arrogant powers who are working hard hard to defeat the Iranian nation express themselves.
The unexperienced woman who was previously a secretary of state affairs in the United States was quarreling and said that we wanted to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic.
I will explain what they have done and how they have done it in the future."
Therefore, on the one hand, there are the machinations and enmities of the enemies in the face of the challenge of the Iranian nation, and on the other hand, there are great achievements that show the great power and capability of the Iranian nation.
When one looks at this arena, it is like a sporting arena in which there is a lot of effort and talent, but one champion wins the race for success and is thanked for by the people.
The champions of this vast arena are the Iranian nation.
If you take a careful look at the scene and make a careful analysis of it, you will express your gratitude to the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, academies and those who know where the world is moving forward. They are all thankful to the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to pay attention to all the efforts that have been made throughout the country and what the results will be.
Who are these people?
Later on, I will clarify the issue.
The enemies who do not want to witness the progress of the Iranian nation in all areas have two basic plans: First, as far as they can, they will do whatever they can to see that the Iranian nation has not made such progress.
Second, it is necessary to deny the progress of the Iranian nation. It is necessary to deny the progress of the Iranian nation. It is necessary to deny the progress of the Iranian nation. It is necessary to deny the progress of the Iranian nation. It is necessary to deny this progress.
In his speech, the US President referred to the economic problems of the country. He referred to the achievements that Iran has made.
He said that the value of Iran has been highlighted by the country and that there are economic problems here and there.
But he did not mention the good achievements that have been made in the country and the great achievements that have been made by the Iranian nation. We have been faced with these challenges for 30 years - which I will explain in the near future about the achievements that have been made during the past 30 years - and they have not done anything to stop the country from moving ahead under the flag of Islam.
Last year 1391 was one of the years when our enemies were too busy with their enmity.
They said that we want to subvert the Iranian nation through sanctions.
This is because if the Islamic Republic stands firm and makes progress, its dignity will be lost.
Therefore, if they are able to do so, they should not allow it. And if they are not able to do so, they should try to this goal by means of their media and propaganda.
Today these two achievements are being carried out in the hands of the youth - that is to say, they are trying to prevent this achievement through pressures, threats, sanctions and other such things as propaganda, humiliation of the achievements that have been made and dignity of the problems.
As I said, there are enemies.
Who are these enemies?
Where is the essence of the Iranian nation's machinations?
But answering this question is not difficult.
It is 34 years now that the hearts and hearts of the Iranian nation are turning to the US government whenever the name is named after its enemies.
It is good for American officials to realize that over the past 30 years, the Iranian nation has witnessed certain things that you have called them after the name of the enemy. Their hearts are turning to America.
This is a very important point which should be observed by any government that wants to live a dignified life in the world.
They are the centers of this machination and enmity.
Of course there are certain enemies as well, but we do not see them as the enemies of the first phase.
The Zionists are also enemies, but the Zionists are not among the enemies of the Iranian nation.
Certainly the officials of the Zionist regime threaten us and threaten us with military attacks. But in my opinion they also know, if they do not know, they know, "If they attack us, the Islamic Republic will crush and put an end to "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" with their oil.
The corrupt British government is also enmity with the Iranian nation.
England is one of the oldest enemies of the Iranian nation, but the British government is the mercenary of America.
The British government itself is not independent, and it is considered a self-sacrificing enemy.
There are certain governments that show enmity.
I deem it appropriate to announce that in recent years the officials of the French government have revealed their enmity towards the Iranian nation.
A shrewd person - a shrewd person who knows what to do - should not turn an unreliable enemy into his enemy.
We do not have a problem with the government and France. We do not have a problem with them throughout history. But this policy has been misguided by the enmity that the Iranian nation had started in the days of Sarkozy and the progressive government has continued.
This is a mistake in our viewpoint and it is lack of reason and caution.
The Americans used to say that they are part of the world. They used to name a number of countries as parts of the world: America, their Zionist mercenaries, the British Parliament and other governments.
Today, we want to look at the year 1391 and we should know that since the beginning of the year 1391 the Americans made new plots, although their friendship has been manifested in a literal way.
Since the beginning of the year 1391, great sanctions have been imposed on the Iranian nation.
They are opposed to enmity, but they think that the Iranian nation will not realize that they are the enemies and they are opposed to them.
A few years ago, in the address of Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) in the first year, I said that you should be careful not to let your expressions of sympathy and sympathy be plundered.
The U.S. government has appointed a number of specialists to speak to different parts of the world, to move to different parts of the world and to negotiate with the company officials in order to ensure that they do not have a financial relationship with the restoration of the Islamic Republic of Iran.
They should denounce them if they enter into a bond with the Islamic Republic.
They started this effort since the beginning of the year 1391, especially since Mordad.
I would like to say - just a few months ago - that the Americans used to express their feelings and said that I was convinced of the effect of the sanctions. Of course, it would not be said that the sanctions did not affect them if they wanted to be happy.
Our economy was faced with the problem of relying on oil.
We should separate our economy from dependence on oil and oil. Our governments should put this in their plans.
Twenty-five years ago, I told the government that it would be necessary to establish a system that would allow us to close our oil walls whenever we want it.
At that time, some who used to refer to themselves as “ skilled people ” laughed and said, "It is possible."
Of course, it is possible to start this path. It is necessary to start this path in a particular way.
When the economy of a country is dependent on a particular area, the enemies will make efforts on this area.
Sanctions were effective, but they were not the same as the enemies.
I would like to discuss this issue in the future as well as economic matters. The enemies of the Islamic Republic of Iran made everything they could in the arena of political activities throughout the year 1391 and made the Islamic Republic of Iran alienated from Iran.
They should not allow the Islamic Republic of Iran to influence and spread its policies in this region and in other parts of the world. They are defeated in this regard as well.
This was the opposite of what they expected.
Members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps represented two thirds of the people in the world. Leaders and outstanding officials of the Islamic Revolution attended Tehran's Assembly.
Both of them showed appreciation for the Iranian nation.
They said these things to us, they said these things to us, they said these things to us, and their people believed these things after they returned home.
That is to say, it was contrary to what the enemies of the Iranian nation expected.
They failed to influence them.
In the arena of domestic politics, the goal of imposing this sanctions is to raise doubts in the hearts of the Iranian nation on its own.
On the 22nd of Bahman, the Iranian nation gave birth to the Iranian nation through its expression of love and sympathy which reflected the Islamic system and the Islamic Revolution.
In the arena of security they have done everything they can to undermine the security of the country, and the officials have been able to shed light on these things in their negotiations with the media.
In the political arena of the region as well, they have tried to eliminate the influence of the Islamic Republic.
In the political arena of the region, they themselves proved that no problem in the region can be solved without the presence of Iran and Iran's approval.
In the case of the Zionist regime’s invasion to Gaza, the Zionists were defeated by the Palestinian resistance by their own presence.
They were the people who said, not just we, but that if the Islamic Republic had not been established in the absence of its power, the Palestinian resistance would not have been able to stand up against the Zionist regime.
Because during the eight-day war, the Palestinians managed to defeat the Zionist regime.
I said that their efforts will not be effective, but they will be effective, and they will be a great achievement for us on the one hand.
That is to say, the sanctions made by the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation.
Our youth managed to victories in the absence of sanctions and we could not have managed to these victories. In the area of the construction work, which I will explain in the near future, the year 1391 was the same year that compared to the past, the year 1391 was unparalleled.
Several developments have been made in the area of construction, in the area of power, in the area of recovery of oil, in the area of recovery of Uranium, in the area of distributing power, in the area of distributing power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power, in the area of recovery of power.
In the year 1391, we made numerous advances in the field of knowledge.
In the field of knowledge and technology, last year a large number of activities were carried out to make the people happy in the faith and in the bright future of the country.
That is to say, in the year that they wanted to affect the Iranian nation, our dear youth and intellectuals sent human beings from Nahid to the universe. A living creature was sent to the universe through the equipment of Peshgam, and an airplane was built in modern times.
When the living creature was transferred to the universe and brought his life back in good health, it was first denied by secular scholars because it was a great astonishment for them.
But after the truth was revealed to everybody, they found that they had no way to believe it.
In terms of health and medical affairs, there have been great achievements that have to do with the welfare of the people.
In the field of art and art, we are the first people in the region.
There were great achievements and there were other medical treatment.
All these things have been done in the year that the Iranian nation was imposed on the Iranian nation to deny the Iranian nation a good life and all human achievements.
This year, we are taking the lead in various important scientific areas.
In the field of scientific and technological competitions of universities, the country has made 33 percent of progress compared to last year.
In the year 1391 the number of university students increased twenty-five times compared to the beginning of the Revolution.
That is to say, the number of university students increased by 25 percent last year.
These are the great achievements that the Iranian nation has made.
In the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, in the atmosphere, and in the atmosphere.
All of this has been achieved in the year when the enemies of the Iranian nation made their utmost efforts to defeat the Iranian nation.
There are valuable lessons in the events of the year 1391 and there is no lesson in the fact that any nation that is alive will not be defeated by the enemy's threats and pressures.
She said that what is important for a nation is reliance on its power, reliance on Allah the Exalted, reliance on its own interests and not relying on the enemy.
This is what will sustain the future.
The year 1391 proved to be a stage of test and test.
Of course, we understand what weaknesses are. This is the characteristic of the Iranian nation.
During the Armed Forces, the Army understands its strength, weakness and weakness in order to deal with it.
We realized what weaknesses are.
And this weakness is due to our reliance on self-reliance - which I said was one of the weaknesses that we have faced - the lack of political and economic security and the lack of vigilance in everyday life.
The government officials - the officials who are now on the throne and the officials who will come after the presidential election - should pay attention to this point.
Another important lesson is that the buildings of the country are solid.
When the foundations are strong, the enemy's machinations will not be fully influenced.
If the esteemed officials of the country and such a powerful foundation recognize their responsibility and fulfill their duties appropriately, then they will be able to turn any threat into an opportunity. Just as in the year 1391 we turned the threat of the enemy into an opportunity to make us prosper.
By Allah's favor, the consequences of the actions of the officials and the people of the country in the year 1391 will be seen in the near future.
Of course, the economy of the country is a very important issue which has not been discussed over the past few decades, but the economy of the country is not just an important issue. National security is also important. Health is important. scientific progress is important.
Because if knowledge advances in a country, all the things that will come in the future will be easily done.
National freedom and dignity are also important. National independence is a very important issue. The effect of regional issues on a nation and a country is a issue that guarantees national freedom and security.
We have made progress in all these areas.
On the issue of security or on the issue of health, on the issue of national influence and on the issue of power and solving the various problems that the country has faced.
By such progress, our nation has proven that falling into the US does not mean retreat. This is very important.
The bullying powers of the world - in the era of direct domination - and America today want to show the people of the world that if you want a good life and make progress, you should submit to our authority.
The Iranian nation proved this to be a lie.
Our nation has proved that lack of trust in America and other great powers does not just bring backwardness. You are making progress.
There are certain countries that are independent of America.
We have this experience in the past thirty years. See how the Islamic Republic of Iran has achieved its position in the past thirty years.
Anybody who reads this message will realize that lack of trust in global powers is a great opportunity for a nation, not a threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation managed to make use of this opportunity thanks to its power, courage, and wisdom.
Sometimes we did this in the past and we witnessed his victory.
One example of this is the issue of the 20th-percent nuclear production that Tehran's research centers have demanded and the most important nuclear production that the country needs.
At the time, we did not produce a 20-percent fuel, and we used to import it from outside.
They should pay attention to national needs in order to force the Islamic Republic to accept their offerings and needs.
But even before the issue reached a position that could be a danger for us, our youth and our outstanding personalities prepared 20 percent of the fuel that was sparked in the night in order to satisfy the needs of the organization.
Our opposers did not expect us to do so.
But at the appointed time the officials of our government realized that the need was greater, and we managed to improve the security of the Iranian nation.
When they thought that the Islamic Republic would come before them and humiliate them with a 20-percent fuel, the Islamic Republic announced that we had produced this fuel and that we did not need it.
If our youth had not managed to do this, then today we would be humiliated, oppressed and expensive when we go to the people who are opposed to us, telling them whether they should sell wealth or we should always need medical treatment.
The officials of the country realized this and acted on the right path.
The Iranian government should carry out this weighty responsibility in all affairs. The Iranian government should carry out this weighty responsibility in all affairs and affairs. The Iranian government should carry out this weighty responsibility in all affairs and affairs.
The articles that they write should be in this regard. If they do research, they should be researched in this regard.
If they are to engage in industrial or scientific work, all of them should be in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to work hard to build the country in a manner that cannot be pressured and influenced by the enemy.
We should safeguard it. This is one of the critical issues of the economy of resistance.
In the economy of resistance, one of the most important things is to make the economy vulnerable to any threat.
The economy should stand up against threats. It should stand up against anything that might be faced with by the enemies' machinations.
This is the first point that I should tell you.
The second point is that the Americans repeatedly send us a message to discuss the nuclear issue in different ways. They send us a message in different ways.
I do not have any hope in this negotiating. I do not have any hope in this negotiating. I do not have any hope in this negotiating.
Why?
Because our experience shows that negotiating from an American perspective does not mean that we should sit down in order to identify the right path. This does not mean negotiating.
What they mean is that we should sit down and speak in order to make you agree with what we say.
Therefore, we have always announced that this is not a negotiating.
I do not have any good reason to believe in what they say, but I do not believe in it.
But there are certain points that I would like to highlight:
The first point is that the Americans repeatedly send messages to us, sometimes in writing and sometimes in writing, saying that we do not want to fish the Islamic Republic.
Our answer is that we do not care whether you are determined to fish the Islamic Republic or not, rather you should say in the present time that you are not determined to change the Islamic Republic.
When you are determined to shake the Islamic system and when you make it clear that you are unable to do anything, you will not be able to do anything in the future either.
The second point is that the Americans are sending messages that tell us that we are honest in the negotiations.
That is to say, we really want to speak to you and we do not want to engage in necessary discussions.
I would tell them, "We have repeatedly told you that we do not want to develop military equipment, but you have said that you do not want it.
Why should we believe what you say?
If you are not prepared to accept a righteous statement that is logical, why should you believe your comments that you have proven differently?
Our understanding of the negotiational counsel that the Americans presented is a deceitful and misguided method of deceiving people - our people and our people.
You should be sure that this is not the case.
Can you say that?
There I would like to announce that one of their methods is that they sometimes promote rumors and a group of people from the Leader of the Islamic Revolution went to negotiate with the Americans.
This is a method of propaganda, and this is a lie.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that no one has spoken to them.
The third point is that as a result of our experience and our vigilance, America does not want nuclear negotiations to end.
The Americans do not want the nuclear negotiations to end and resolve the issue. Otherwise, if they want the issue to be resolved, it is a clear and simple solution.
What Iran wants about the issue of nuclear power is that the world acceptes its responsibility to counter the nuclear power. This is one of its responsibilities.
The countries that are at the service of global powers should accept that the Iranian nation has the duty to destroy Uranium in order to peace in its countries.
This is a great hope. This is what we have always said, and this is what they do not want.
They said that we are afraid that you are moving forward in the process of producing nuclear weapons.
They belong to a number of countries whom I mentioned earlier. They used to name themselves as countries of the world.
They say that the " parts of the world" are in trouble.
No, the countries of the world are not in trouble.
The vast majority of the countries support the Islamic Republic and support us. They have acted in a sincere way because of the Iranian nation's needs.
They should accept the responsibility of Iran to rescue Urnium and they should implement the laws of the governing body in order to remove these concerns.
Whenever we reach the path to resolve the issue, the Americans will place their walls in order to prevent it from happening.
As we know, their goal is to preserve this issue so that they can put pressure on the issue.
These pressures, just as they themselves say, are a source of insult to the Iranian nation. They will not always be able to insult the Iranian nation.
The fourth and final point in this regard is that if the Americans really want an end to this event, I would like to offer a solution to them.
And this is the way: the Americans should put an end to the enmity of the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want the problems between Iran and America to be eliminated - just as they say - they want the problems between Iran and America to be eliminated, they want to eliminate their enmity.
For the past 34 years, different American governments have planned to harm the Iranian nation because of their misunderstandings with the people of the country.
Since the first year after the victory of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic government, they have shown us enmity.
In the arena of security, they have planned to harm our security. They have acted in a hostile way, they have defamed our nation. They have supported our great and great enemies for many years. They have managed to harm our economy. They have used their power to harm the Iranian nation.
Therefore, I ask American officials that if they are looking for the right path, the right path is to reform their policy, reform their activities and end their enmity towards the Iranian nation. This is the end of this issue.
There is another point which I should mention briefly: the issue of elections that is very important.
Elections in our country are a manifestation of political dynamism.
Elections are the manifestation of political enthusiasm. They are the manifestation of the power of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is the manifestation of the power of the Islamic Republic.
Elections are the manifestation of national interests and the manifestation of Islamic democracy.
Therefore, considering the importance of elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation have constantly tried to create discord in the elections.
They have planned to prevent the people from participating in elections, killing the people and causing them to be disappointed.
For many years we have been making elections - whether elections for the legislation or presidential elections for the country - our enemies have always tried to make them disappointed. This is because elections are so important in the country.
I would like to discuss a few points in the elections. Of course two months have passed.
Now I would like to mention a few points.
The first point in the elections is that the presence of the people in the elections is very important.
The presence of the people during elections can undermine the effect of the enemies' threats.
Our nation should know wherever it is throughout the country that its great presence in the elections will affect the future of the country, including security, freedom, economy, economy and all the important issues of the country.
This is the first point: by Allah's grace, by Allah's grace and by the Iranian nation, the election will be a great election.
The second point is that all parities and groups that believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a responsibility of everybody, and this is a responsibility of everybody.
Elections do not belong to a single party or a single-political party.
All those who believe in the Islamic Republic and the freedom of the country and who are interested in the future of the country and who are interested in the progress of the country should participate in this election.
Returning to elections is the right thing to do with those who oppose the system.
The third point is that popular opinion determines the results of elections.
You should consult with the people whom you believe so that you can identify the right person to choose for the election.
I do not have a vote.
Like all other people, I have one vote and no one knows whom to vote before going to the ballot boxes.
It is possible for the people who are taking the lead in the elections to identify the writings and to identify the candidates.
If somebody says such things, it is not true.
Of course, in these days and in such wondrous media - such as e-mails and other kinds of e-mails - it has been able to spread the good news to different people.
It is possible to send a few thousand messages.
I was informed that it is possible to send hundreds of millions of such messages in elections.
Be careful not to be influenced by such things.
No, any individual or political party can attract the attention of other people to it, but in this regard nobody will hear anything from me.
In any case, the people can decide to help one another identify the right person.
Of course, the principle is the opinion and opinion of the people.
The fourth point is that in the areas related to elections and elections, everybody should pay attention to the law.
The year 1388 - which was after the presidential election and which caused damage to the country - was rooted in the lack of respect for the law of some people and they did not want to respect the people.
The popular opinion of the people may be attracted to what I want, but I should appreciate it.
It is necessary to appreciate what a large number of people choose.
It is necessary to take advantage of these legal methods.
The fact that we would call people to the battlefields on the streets is that we are accustomed to what we like - just as the year 1388 was one of the shortcomings that cannot be compensated for.
This will be a lesson for the Iranian nation, and the Iranian nation will stand firm in the face of it.
The last point is that everybody should know that what we ask the President of the country is the good things that they have and not the weaknesses that they have.
Everybody should know that the president of the country should always have the good things he had, but not the weakness he had.
Everybody has a weakness and a weakness.
The heads of the country - whether current or future - have certain aspects of power and weakness.
The future leader should have what is called today as a part of the government's power and presiding over the country.
That is to say, in the governments that we have, the governments that are coming should be on the path of progress and transcendence.
Those who are prepared to enter this arena should put their trust in God and rely on the power of this nation.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on this nation.
Dear God, make the holy soul of the Imam of the Age happy for all of us.
Dear God, make the holy heart of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) happy with the spirit of our martyrs.
Dear God, make what we say for you and your path and accept it with your grace.
Leader’s Speech to Economic Awakening - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to a group of economic and economic officials in charge of economic matters.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to welcome the dear brothers and the people who are working for different sectors of the economy of the country.
On the one hand, today's meetings are a symbolic sign of the importance of this system of economic matters in this extremely important part of the world, the region and the country.
We want a particular day in the month of Ramadan to be an executive force in the area of the economy of the government, the businessmen and various other sectors to come to this country, sit down, listen to the things that are available for a few hours and move into the country in order to ensure that this government should pay such attention to economic matters and economic progress.
This is the first point, and it has been confirmed and it will be presented in this meeting.
This is a message to all - both government officials in terms of economic matters and those who are responsible for economic matters in all parts of the country and those who are responsible for economic matters today.
The second point which has been prepared for this meeting has, and thankfully, the second point is that it is not possible for those who have not been informed by the officials about the realities of the country, the progress of the country and the progress of the country to reach the hearts of the people.
I am not saying that everybody should tell us what progress has been made.
I would tell you that I have a relationship with the people and that the people do not know about these advances.
The things that you have said about different areas - which I have written in detail and which will be prepared for a personal report by Allah's favor - are often unknown to the people.
Great achievements are being carried out in the country and this is a source of pride for the Iranian nation.
It is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We made good progress in the area of production, in the area of service, in the area of agriculture, in the area of industry, in the area of knowledge and many other areas.
The people should feel this way through various non-governmental officials. This is a source of enthusiasm and happiness for the people.
Today, I ask all of us to pay attention to the point that one of the methods of defeating the enemies of the Iranian nation is to kill the people.
What we say should not be deceptive, hopeless, and determined.
It is necessary to feel that we have made progress, that is to say, 40 percent of progress and 60 percent of progress.
First, we name this year as ‘The Year of Economic Jihad.
The policy of the arrogant powers is to harm the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in the economic arena.
Of course they are aware of the issue of nuclear sanctions in terms of economic matters, but this is a lie. The issue of nuclear matters is not the main reason behind these sanctions.
You may recall that when they imposed great sanctions, which was the beginning of their sanctions on the country, there were no nuclear attacks in the country at that time as well.
Of course it is not a very important sanctions, but it is still known as the "D'Amato" sanctions - which were adopted by a man of the same name in the American Parliament - that were only temporary sanctions that did not even speak about nuclear matters at that time.
The purpose of the sanctions is to strengthen the economy of Iran.
Fortunately, the Iranian nation has endured this sanctions for 32 years.
Of course the sanctions have been extended in recent years, but as a result of the progress of different construction projects in the country, these sanctions have been unprecedented. Thirty years have passed since the beginning of these sanctions, and the sanctions may be inflicted more seriously on us today, just as they promise more.
It is necessary to prepare them. It is necessary to identify our opponents, to identify the weapons, and to prepare weapons against them.
Of course, this calls for economic jihad.
Not every movement is called jihad.
Jihad is a movement that has certain characteristics.
The movement against such enmity-filled efforts is one of the main characteristics of jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
Economic jihad means the continued movement of the Iranian nation with the aim of eliminating the enemy's enmity.
Another point is that in the preparedness for international progress - which is a very important preparedness for international progress - we have prepared a plan to provide for the future in important areas of our personal life.
No, other nations will not sit down and look at us first. They are continuing their movement and they are making efforts.
Of course we do not use the methods they use, and we will not use them. We are following the best and the best path, but we trust that the first step will be achieved unless we determine the speed of our work.
Therefore, there is a need for jihad.
This effort should be careful and thoughtful in order to this first position.
No, today's nations are dependent on the future of these nations. No, the issue that reaches the first point is not just the first point.
If a country in terms of economic, scientific and technological matters fails to prove its necessities and if it fails to make progress, it will be oppressed with impatient feelings.
We do not want to be oppressed.
Our country has been suffering from harm and oppression for two centuries.
The weakness of the arrogant powers and the machinations of the enemies are the main reasons for this oppression.
Since the first time in the 1800 ’ s, the Anglo-American World Power became involved in the political systems of the country with its interference. The same thing has been true of other European countries during that time.
It was 1800 years ago that the first ambassador of England entered the country - from India. That is to say, when the Indian government was at the hands of the British government and the central government was there - from the city of Bushehr when he went off from the boat and started to bribe and buy people, and it was easy to buy people.
Both the sons of the king, the kings and others immediately turned to that man. The machinations of the enemies started in this country. Those innocent kings of that time allowed the enemy to reach the battlefields throughout the country.
We do not want this to happen.
The Islamic Revolution created a large protective wall in front of them.
We want the shield to become stronger.
We should not allow them to interfere in our economy, culture, politics, the future and the blessings of our country in any way.
The economy is one of the pillars of domestic power.
This is why we should be in the first place.
He does not say that Iran should be the first in the region. No, the future of this nation is dependent on this.
Therefore, it is necessary to make efforts in a sincere and influential way, and it is necessary to make use of all the power and resources that is available in this country.
We have heard these things and we can see these things from the progress of the country during the Revolution.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, no one would believe that this would happen.
This is the case in different areas, but this is the case in different areas. The things that are happening in different areas - the things that are happening in different parts of the country and the things that are happening in different parts of the country and the things that are happening in different parts of the country and the things that are happening in different parts of the country and the things that are happening in different parts of the country.
I would like to say that this is the result of my knowledge of different parts of the country.
This is an important point.
The economic capability that we have is very important.
I said a time ago that comparing the number of blessings of our country with the number of people of our country and the number of people of the world, they are valuable.
The vast majority of the population of the country is estimated to be one percent of the population of the world, just as our country estimates to be one percent of the population of the world. Therefore, what is necessary is that we win one percent of the population of the world.
These are important and very valuable areas.
The current issue of waterlessness in the country is the same as the current issue of waterlessness in the country. We are in a country with waterlessness, but the issue can be solved through the use of appropriate scientific methods. Some of our brothers and sisters have mentioned this in the past as well.
Therefore, the country has indeed many blessings.
The same is true of our territory.
We are in a very important position.
The neighborhood with two seats and the relationship with the important region between the East and the west - that is, between Asia and Europe - is an important part of the region and makes it possible for us to gather to the west and gather to the west.
These are good things for us.
Currently, as noted, we have defeated a quarter of the 20 years of plans for international progress.
That is to say, a plans for four years have already been completed. This year is the beginning of the fifth plan.
Of course, many preparations have been made during the past few years.
As was the case in the previous report, very important achievements have been made, but certain achievements have not been made and they must be carried out.
The policy that was announced on the basis of the reform, the general policy of the system, the general policy of production and the legal policy of the 44th - all of which are in line with one another.
If we manage these plans in the way that has been specified, we will be able to benefit from these opportunities and the blessings that have been mentioned earlier.
These policies can promote unity and stabilize economic movements.
Of course certain goals have not been achieved during the past few years, but there are various reasons why they have not been achieved - both inside and outside the country.
The issue of reducing the unemployment rate, the issue of reducing the value of capital, the issue of reducing the cost of production - which I mentioned that day - is totally unattainable.
This is why we should make increased efforts in this five-year arrangement so that we can make up for the past.
According to this law, we should examine the issue of governmental hegemony and the economic issue of government.
The goal is to create a competitive economy with the use of consumers and investors in the arena of economy.
They calculated that the cost of putting on capital debts during the last five years was estimated to be $ 160 billion per year.
It is necessary to implement this principle.
In the framework of the 44th Constitution, good achievements have been made, but they are not enough. It is necessary to increase the value of money. It is not just to send out the economic system and rest up, but there are also certain achievements that must be carried out. It is necessary to strengthen the branches of business, to establish good leadership and to be careful not to make bad use of these things.
There are always good achievements and there are certain bad achievements.
For many years I have discussed the issue of confronting economic terrorists.
When I presented this issue, a number of people came to me and said that your frequent statements on the issue of economic terrorism would frighten the mercenaries about entering the arena of economy.
On the contrary, I said that this would encourage them to enter the arena.
If a businessman wants to obtain legal sustenance and wants to carry out legal affairs, he will be strengthened if he realizes that the government will not intervene in the way of lawless people.
We are opposed to government officials, government officials, and those who have managed to do this, and those who have managed to use this opportunity to benefit from it. It is necessary to strengthen our economy, our thinking, our wealth, our money, and our economic capabilities. Therefore, confronting economic terrorism is undoubtedly an essential element that should be implemented.
Fortunately, many economic ministers and government officials in the economic sector are present in this meeting.
Well, they heard what they said - that is to say, what they said about the good things that were done or what they said about the shortcomings. I ask you to pay attention to your feelings and to think about them.
We should not allow the things that have been said to cease here.
The Supreme Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should not be fulfilled.
There are many things that I would like to discuss in this regard, but there are two or three things that I would like to discuss in this regard: one of them is addressing governmental organizations and the other side of the issue.
First, the issue of implementing policy of cooperation is the area in which production is needed. Production is the basis of the economy: the economy of the country.
It is necessary to pay attention to the extent to which production is produced. It is necessary to pay attention to the extent to which production is produced. It is necessary to pay attention to the extent to which production is produced.
Of course, some government officials whom I spoke to believed that there was no need for 30 percent.
This may be the case in some areas, but in the area of production, it needs support from governmental organizations.
There are areas in which our sanctions have been imposed either directly or in some way, and we should benefit from these things.
Of course, the business sector has a responsibility in this regard as well: the use of fuel, the use of power, and the innovation of engineering.
Some officials criticized me that some of the officials did not do anything to innovate their old generation and that they used a lot of fuel.
It is necessary to pay attention to this point.
Of course it is necessary to pay attention to the needs of the government in this regard as well. It is necessary to pay attention to the needs of the government.
It is necessary to make a donation, but it is necessary to pay attention to the people whom I referred to - the people who used the opportunity to benefit from it in a particular way - who did not use them in a particular way.
It is necessary to face this issue with all our power so that sincere and willing laborers can carry out their duties.
The next point is the issue of import and import. The same point is mentioned here and I have discussed import and import with officials on several occasions.
No one is opposed to import and import, but it is necessary to determine the import and import conditions.
The magazine so that we do not allow a particular time - such as the days of Eid al-Adha - to be lost in the marketplace and it is not a great reason to increase the standard of importance.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic production.
Of course, it has been said that import and transportation will help the domestic production.
In my opinion, this is not a powerful reason.
In the issue of import and production, especially on agricultural products, import and production are more important than what we see today. In my opinion, the issue of import and production is more important than what we see today.
We have good things in the field of agriculture.
One of the teachers presented a report on the value of gardening.
In this regard, our country is one of the most prominent countries in the world.
We should increase our production.
We should not import such products, such as Latin America, anywhere or anywhere.
The next point is the issue of transportation.
Of course, the government is responsible for helping the production of goods.
Fortunately, as one of our brothers pointed out, our products that are not oiled have grown brighter and brighter and they will make more progress in the future as well. We hope we will make the necessary progress in the future so that the standards of production and importation will be beneficial.
We should reach a position in which we can manage the cost of oil.
One of the greatest disasters that afflict our economy as well as the entire country's economy is the cost of importing oil.
As I said in the past few years - although at that time the officials of the government did not respond favorably - we should reach the point that if someday because of the political and economic issues of the world, we might decide to stop selling our oil for 15 days or a month.
Try to see what will happen in the world.
Today we cannot do so because we need these resources.
When the economy of the country is dependent on oil and oil, the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will have a powerful influence in the world.
This is what we should do. This is what we need to do, and this is what we need to do.
In this regard the executive officials themselves have a responsibility. In the countries where we have mentioned that most of our products are carried out in those countries, we find reports of the crimes that are committed by some executive officials.
There are companies in the world that have produced products for some 50 years and sell them to buyers and prospectors.
For example, German and Swiss companies that have produced and sold products for some 50 or 60 years have been able to buy products in our country as well as in other countries.
Why?
Productors should pay attention to these things.
This is the requirement of a culture: culture and improving the quality of production for domestic and international benefit.
The issue of confronting economic terrorism is very important.
If a corrupt man does not have a corrupt man in the government to help him, he will not be able to terrorize the economy.
Therefore, government officials have a responsibility to prevent the spread of economic corruption in government organizations.
For example, when you realize that a disease is inflicted on a battlefield, there is no compassion and compassion for you. You know that if you make adjustments, the disease will not be inflicted on just a few thousand people.
The same is true of economic corruption.
If anywhere in government organizations you hear or notice the signs of economic corruption - which I am speaking to government officials - you should not be disrespectful.
Economic terrorism is one of the most dangerous and urgent diseases. Therefore, it is necessary to be careful about this.
One of the things that should be done is to prepare the ground for the unity of the governments. In the 44th policy, I referred to the issue of unity which should be carried out.
We need a complete policy in the arena of unity.
As one of the brothers pointed out, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the cooperation of the Islamic Revolution's Gu
The next main issue is that we should pay attention to the issue of introducing the capital capital to the sectors of the country.
That is to say, the merchants should know where there is an opportunity to invest money. They should know that not just some people will benefit from this opportunity.
Those who have an experience will make bad use of this.
The information should be addressed to everybody.
Of course in the previous governments, a lot of work has been done in the same government, but it is not enough to do so.
It is necessary to make progress in this regard.
There are certain things that I have written about, but since the time for daily prayers has drawn near, I will stop them.
I hope by Allah's favor, this auspicious event will increase the determination of those who love the country, this nation, the Islamic Republic and the future of this nation.
The slogan "Intensified Effort and Labor" which I spoke about last year should be closely related to the efforts made to strengthen the economy.
I hope everybody will make efforts.
The future of the country is bright. The power and blessings of the country are many things.
Thankfully, there are good hearts, faith, determination and power in this country.
This country has a lot of opportunities and a lot of opportunities to be called the second most valuable country in the world.
Thro our history, our cultural heritage, the power of the people and the blessings of the country are all the things that are appropriate for us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with thousands of people in the shrine of Imam Ridha (a.s.) in Mashhad on the first day of the New Year.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and pure household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me a long life and the opportunity to appreciate the position of this auspicious opportunity. I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me the opportunity to spend the first days of this year in the holy mountain of Imam Ali ibn Musa al-Ridha (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
I would like to congratulate all the dear brothers and sisters who have gathered in this meeting and the great crowd - both in this courtyard and in different places - on the occasion of Norouz and the arrival of the New Year.
This gathering of the people is indeed an example of the Iranian nation. On that day, our dear people from different distant places gathered together in the auspicious atmosphere of Ab-Hasan al-Ridha (peace and greetings be upon him).
There were also brothers and sisters from Mashhad.
I would like to extend my greetings to all and I would like to extend my congratulations to all of them.
For all Iranian Muslims and all Muslims from other countries who esteem this Eid, Norouz is an opportunity to appreciate and benefit from it in terms of religion and Islamic movement.
The Islamic viewpoint is that we should make use of every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity, every opportunity.
We should identify the lofty goals of Islam.
In these days, it is the opportunity to benefit from peace, to call to Allah the Exalted, to listen to the good words of others and to gather in religious places.
The fact is that during the past few decades, especially during the time of the establishment of the Islamic Republic, our nation used Norouz Eid to draw closer to Allah the Exalted.
The point is that when you take a look at the arrival of the new year, you see that the vast majority of the people gather in places of worship, in hubs, in places of worship and in mosques and they are busy with prayers and prayers about God.
This means that the Iranian nation is trying to benefit from this symbol and the cultural ceremonies for the benefit of religion.
We should follow this example in all areas. We should use Norouz Eid al-Adha in order to increase our knowledge, spirituality, religion, establishment of Islamic regulations and Islamic morality in all areas.
I hope Allah the Exalted will help all of us, the entire Iranian nation, succeed in doing this.
Today when the opportunity has been created by Allah the Exalted, I will address three more issues.
The second point is related to the events that were carried out in the year 1389 and the events that were carried out by the Iranian nation and government officials in the year 1389. The second point is related to the events that were carried out in the year 1389 and the events that were carried out in the year 1389.
The third point is related to what is happening in the region, the issues of the Middle East, the issues of North Africa and the issues of the Islamic region.
Regarding the first point, I would like to say that the year 1389 - the year of Intensified Effort and Labor - was noticed throughout the year, and our people on different fronts revealed the realities of their efforts and efforts.
Of course the results of this great effort and efforts will be noticed and realized in the future, but the signs of intensified effort and intensified labor are clearly reflected in the first viewpoint of the year 1389.
This has been witnessed in many arenas.
First, let us focus on knowledge and technology.
In the beginning of the year 1389, I was able to visit one of the most important industries of the country. And at the end of the month of Esfand, I was able to visit another team of scientific and technological projects where I could see the results of this one-year work.
The advances that have been made in the field of knowledge and technology in the country are far beyond what is being announced to the people. I would tell you how much I can tell you about these advances.
This great scientific progress has been made in different areas since the past few years. Fortunately, this progress has been made on a daily basis.
I used to read from a Neighbor who said, "Islamic knowledge is a kingdom" or "Islamic knowledge is a power for a nation and a nation."
Knowledge and technology have such characteristics.
Today the movement of the country in the arena of knowledge and technology is clearly seen in many areas, especially in new areas.
In various areas - in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas, in scientific arenas and in scientific arenas.
As I said in the eve of Norouz that different international research centers have revealed that your country is moving ahead of a large portion of the world, and the progress that has been made in the country has doubled the progress of the world.
There are two to three important issues related to the issue of scientific and technological advancement which I deem it necessary to clarify.
The first point is that the vast majority of the intellectuals who are working on this issue are young.
The age of these scholars is thirty-five years - the majority of them are young - which should be relied on. Of course, faithful and old scholars are doing their utmost in this regard.
The next point is that those who are committed to these great positions are strong and self-confident people. This is a capital.
The main element is human power. This is what our country has.
Our youth are determined to carry out their responsibilities with enthusiasm and they believe that all those things that are the basis of the progress of the country are the things that they can do.
The next point in the issue of scientific progress is that the silversmith of knowledge, technology, the production and sale of knowledge - which is very important - is still being built up.
That is to say, knowledge is being achieved and transformed into a technology, a production and a production to the markets of the world which will bring about wealth for this country.
This transformation of the path of knowledge into material wealth and to the needs of the people.
Our dear people should know that all economic figures - whether their economic outlook is equal to that of a successful government or their economic outlook is equal to that of a government - believe that the goals of the government's management are necessary and beneficial.
It is a very difficult task to enter this arena and the areas for it have not been established.
Thankfully, this task has already begun.
And the unity that exists between the government and the people in this regard is indeed a good unity.
The movement of the people in this arena is a very good movement. The results will gradually be noticed, but the positive results will be noticed even now.
The important goal of this work is to pay attention to the level of justice in the country.
This has been a great achievement in the arena of social justice.
Another goal is to promote national blessings, including energy and water.
Two years ago, I named this year as "The Year of Economic Jihad" and "The Year of Economic Jihad" [The Year of Economic Jihad].
This is one of the ways in which we can improve the way we use our national blessings to the fullest extent possible. The results have been witnessed until today.
During the past few months, the plots that were being carried out in order to the goal of the government and the use of energy was very short, and this plots are very good for the country.
The extent to which wheat is shed and destroyed - which is a great divine blessing and which is accompanied by hardships - is greatly reduced and the measures to which it is used are equitable.
This is one of the benefits that have been obtained and by Allah's favor, the benefits will be clearly seen in the future as well as the transformation of the economy is one of them.
And one of the things that shows the intensified power of the economy is the increase of non- oil products.
Unfortunately, we have depended on oil for many years.
And this is what all empathetic economic figures ignore. This path is used to in our country, our country, the country, the country, the country, the country, the country, the country, the country, the country, the country, the country, and the country.
I have said many years ago that one of my wishes is to have a day when we can manage the country without selling oil if the need arises.
Of course, this is not a simple task. It is a very difficult task.
Paying attention to non-petrodollars is something that will draw us closer to our goal.
Great achievements were made in this regard in the year 1389.
Among the things that guarantee stability and stability in the arena of economic matters is the wise way that the government dealt with the western sanctions under the leadership of America and the obedience of certain European governments towards Iran.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they have thought of increasing their sanctions on Iran.
They themselves calculated that this sanctions would bring about an end to the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation in five or six months. This is what they expected.
They thought that by means of these sanctions, they would make things very difficult for the Iranian nation and they would make the Iranian nation insulting themselves in the face of the Islamic Republic. This was their goal.
A discreet task was being carried out in order to stand up against this sanctions in the face of the enemy's shouts.
The enemies failed to their goal through these sanctions.
Today they themselves say that imposing sanctions on Iran is useless.
This is one of the problems of our long-term work. We are a country that is producing oil, but we import oil from outside.
They said that this is the weakness of the Islamic Republic. We will not allow oil to be imported.
Our officials thought about the consequences of their sanctions and they made efforts and we did not need oil.
During my visit to the Esfand International Conference, I heard this from the pioneers and outstanding youth.
They told me that we wanted to build this machine, that we went outside and said that you are under sanctions and that they will not give it to us. We realized that we should create it for ourselves.
We returned home, thought, suffered and tried to build this machine without foreigners' trust.
According to a government report, in the year 1389 there were 1,600,000 copies of production, and if this was the case, there would be more than 5,000 copies of production than was expected.
In the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, in the construction process, and in the construction process.
This is true of economic matters.
There have been a lot of achievements in other areas as well, but only when we have a lot of achievements will we fail to do so.
In any case, what was revealed to us in the year 1389 was that this year, thankfully with all the meaning of the word, was the year of intensified effort and labor.
Of course the year 1389 does not have certain characteristics. This year too, the year to come, the decade to come, the year to multiply labor and labor.
In any case, the Iranian nation and all government officials should be determined and hardworking in order to reach an appropriate destination for the Iranian nation.
But from the viewpoint of scholars, the issue of economy is far more important than anything else.
If our great country manages successfully in terms of economic matters, this great movement will have a fuller effect on the future, and this great movement will undoubtedly affect the country with its progress and dignity.
What is important in this regard is that we should make progress in the country according to the standards that have been specified in the five-year plans for development.
The great tribulation will affect the capacities that we have in order to use our power in the country appropriately.
Two years ago, in the new year, I spoke about winter and the problems that exist in the use of national blessings.
People should pay attention to these points.
I ask the officials of the country to make known to the people the obligation to promote economic progress.
This gap is not what we want. Islam does not accept it.
They should do their utmost to fulfill the plans for the five-year progress of the country.
Removing the unemployment rate and increasing the unemployment rate in the country are among the most essential things.
In addition to increasing the value of capital and helping the sectors of capital to increase the value of capital in the economic arena of the country, they are among the most important and essential issues. One of the things that is important in this regard is the creation of cooperative companies that can create a large amount of capital and capital capital capital.
It is necessary to establish a legal foundation.
This means supporting the progress of the country.
Today 90 percent of our water is used in the field of agriculture.
Well, see what will happen if the government, by Allah's favor, manages the water of the country, less than 10 percent of the country's population.
In addition to the sectors of agriculture, domestic production, industrial production and other sectors that demand water, we use only 10 percent of the amount of water that is produced in these sectors.
In fact, the benefits that come from water in a field outside of agriculture will be doubled. This is a great and important thing.
It is necessary to introduce the people directly into economic matters.
There are certain things that should be done in order to fulfill this great economic movement in the country in the year 1390 and there are certain things that should be done in this regard.
I would present a list of these requirements.
First, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the victory of the Revolution our nation has continued wherever it enters the arena with the spirit of jihad. We have seen this during the Sacred Defense Era. We have seen this in the arena of jihad and we have seen this in the arena of knowledge.
If we have a spirit of jihad in different areas - that is to say, working for the sake of God and working for the sake of youth and not just shouldering responsibilities - then our movement will definitely continue.
Second is the strengthening of spirituality, faith and religious jealousy in society.
Everybody should know this. Giving religious feelings in the country and in the youth will help the people deal with the issues related to the world.
The effect of religious jealousy on the hearts of youth should not be thought to be only during the hajj ceremonies or during the hajj ceremonies during the hajj ceremonies.
If the youth of a nation are religiously envious, they will avoid fornication. They will avoid the use of drugs. They will avoid the wrong behavior of the youth.
The same is true of the economic arena.
The power of religious governments is a very prominent role.
The next requirement is not to be anxious about the things behind the scene. See that there are always the main issues in this country. Everybody should pay attention to these issues. This should be the point of priority.
This would be like an airplane that was headed for a special destination. Sometimes a small thing appeared to make him busy in the middle of the Sahara and left him on the road. Sometimes he was stopped.
Therefore, the things behind the scene should not be introduced into the arena.
Another requirement is to preserve national unity and understanding.
The unity that exists between the people and the people and government officials - that is to say, the people who love, trust, support and cooperate with the people and the unity that exists among the people - should remain and should be strengthened on a daily basis.
One of the greatest plots of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to create internal discord.
Fortunately, our nation is awake.
All those who love their country and love the religious democracy system which is a source of pride for the Iranian nation - they should promote mutual understanding among themselves.
The same is true of government officials as well. They should try to prevent it from appearing before the people even if there are discord among them - in certain cases their responsibilities - because national unity will be undermined.
I would like to extend my attention to the officials in charge of this issue.
The issue of the world is more important than negotiating. These small issues are of no importance.
Of course I would like to remind you of this point again. Sometimes this name is used to be applied to you only after you witnessed that the walls of Tehran and other cities were filled with notes.
This is useless.
Sometimes a lot of money is spent, and what is the necessity?
What I would like to see in the presence of the people and government officials is that they should pay attention to this slogan and they should accept it and they should try to establish it.
There is no need to make a lot of money.
Of course, giving priority to the issue of economy does not mean that we should neglect other areas.
In other areas, especially in the field of knowledge and technology, it is necessary to help these youthful, trustworthy scholars to make great achievements.
But what is happening in the region and what is happening in the recent years - that is, the events of Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - are very important.
A great transformation is taking place in the Islamic and Arab region. This is the manifestation of the Islamic Awakening.
This event, which has been promoted in the Islamic Republic for many years, shows itself in the life of countries. There are two characteristics that are related to this event: one is the issue of presence, the other is relying on religion and turning to it.
These are two basic principles.
The presence of the people on the scene is the same thing that happened during the Islamic Revolution.
Organizations, parities and those who sat on the tables and in large homes and intellectuals were unable to do anything.
The great Imams (a.s.) managed to introduce the people into the arena.
The same is true of Arab countries today.
It was in Egypt or Tunisia that the people entered the arena themselves. Otherwise, the outstanding personalities and the people in large homes would always be in the audience. They used to call the people many times, and nobody would be very interested in their comments.
The people themselves entered the arena and their ideals were religious.
When the people entered the arena, they entered the arena. When the people entered the arena, they entered the arena.
This is the characteristic of this issue.
Why did they go out?
In Egypt, Tunisia and other countries, the oppressed rulers shed their dignity on the people.
For example, the Egyptians saw their leader doing the worst of all things in order to address the demands of the Zionist regime.
If Hosni Mubarak failed to cooperate with the Zionist regime during the siege of Gaza, the Israelites would not be able to do the same harm for the people of Gaza.
But Hosni Mubarak entered the arena and helped, closed the way in and left Egypt.
When he learned that the people of Gaza are treading under the country, he builds a wall of 30 meters ( 30 m ) of iron in order to block the way in order to enter the country.
This is what Hosni Mubarak did.
The same is true of other countries.
For example, in Libya, despite the fact that during the early years of his reign, Gaddafi showed the enmity and enmity of western powers, he has rendered great services to western countries in recent years.
The people of Libya saw with their eyes that after being threatened, he gathered all the nuclear weapons and put them in the boat and sent them to the west and asked them to go with them.
Consider the position of our nation and the position of our nation.
But our officials not only did not give up, but they also intensified their plans on the basis of what the enemy wanted each year.
This insult can be seen in all the countries in which the people are moving.
This is what is important to us.
When these things happen, because they do not understand, they do not know, and they do not act in a different way.
Of course what America has seen about these countries and other countries is the support of dictatorial rulers. They have been defending Hosni Mubarak as much as they can, but when they see that they are not able to do so, they ignore it.
This is itself a lesson for relying on American leaders to realize that when their advantage is greater and they do not have any advantage (for themselves), they will cast them like a worthless country and will not care about them.
What happened to western countries and America itself is totally unacceptable.
Egypt is one of the foundations of the Middle American policy. They relied on this policy.
But they failed to safeguard this foundation in order to continue benefiting from it.
If the people are vigilant, they will be able to remove this plot and destroy this plot.
The Americans tried to see that since they had lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunisia, they should try to defend their regime.
By Allah's favor, and by Allah's favor, America will continue defeating the region.
After losing their identity in these countries, they placed two things in front of them: first is waiting and second is trying to create a similar situation in certain areas.
They were defeated in this regard.
The second point is to liken this situation. The point is to bring about similar events in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya in certain other countries.
The main hypocrisy is the claim of the rights of the people.
They claim that they are opposed to dictatorial rulers and that they have the rights of nations. They claim that they are opposed to dictatorial rulers and that they have the rights of nations.
They do not just feel compassion for other nations, but they do not even feel compassion for other nations.
The current president of the United States has used billions of dollars in the disastrous economic situation of the United States to raise the lives of the bank, to raise the weapons of the country and to raise the oil industry alive.
Therefore, they do not feel compassionate even for their nations.
Today the Americans are faced with economic difficulties and they do not have a solution.
In addition to prisons and torture stations such as Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib, Iraq and other places that torture people from different places.
People do not understand these things.
Did the US President know what he was saying?
Did he really know those who were behind the arena and turned his policies, or did he not realize that he was ignorant?
He said that the people who are on the Azadi Web site of Tehran are the people who are on the liberating site of Egypt.
He was right. Every year on the 22nd of Bahman, the people gathered on this independent Web site with the slogan "Allah condemns America".
Regarding the events taking place in the region, the positions of the Islamic Republic of Iran are clear.
Our role is to support our nations and their rights.
This is the identity of the Islamic Republic. This is the identity of the Islamic Republic.
Our policy is this: our hearts are these, our wisdom and our statements are those of the people and those of the government.
There are two areas in which we should pay attention: the first is Libya and the second is Bahrain.
In the case of Libya, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, we are God-fearing, and we are God-fearing.
They claim that we have entered Libya to defend the people or to attack the Armed Forces. This is not a claim.
If they are the real supporters of the Libyan nation and if their hearts are rooted in the behavior of the Libyan people, the bombing of the Libyan nation has been launched for a month.
If you want to help them, give them weapons, give them tools and give them airplanes.
Therefore, you did not want to enter the country in order to protect the people. You loved the oil of Libya and you wanted to establish your position in Libya.
You want to find a place to establish your shoulders so that the revolutionary governments that will be established in Egypt and Tunisia will be controlled by you.
Your resolve is disgraceful.
The United Nations, which should be a minister for nations, unfortunately becomes a weapon at the hands of these people.
This is a source of disgrace for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreign soldiers and the presence of westerners is not acceptable.
If you want to help the people of Libya, the way to help them is short. You can help the people, encourage them and the people of the country to resolve the issue of Gaddafi themselves. Why did you join this meeting?
Their primary requirement is to have a vote for each individual. This is a great requirement.
This is a great hope. The elections are being held in Bahrain, but in general the people do not have the right to vote in a popular way. They are being oppressed.
Well, westerners should take advantage of this opportunity so that they can interfere with the issue of the region through the introduction of something new - the issue of Shia and Sunni.
The Bahraini people are sympathetic and Shia and nobody is responsible for their support.
The television broadcasts that broadcast the events in the region, but they kept silent about the issue of Bahrain and they do not announce the bloodthirsty events of the people of Bahrain.
When a group of people from the Persian Gulf - whether politicians or newspapers - entered the arena and said that the issue of Bahrain belongs to Shia and Sunni!
It is not different. It is different. It is different. It is different. It is different. It is different.
The Americans were happy that they managed to call this issue a discord between Shia and Sunni through their media and propaganda methods.
They said that the people of Iran have certain reasons to support the people of Bahrain.
We have supported all of them.
We have supported the Palestinian people for 32 years. It is a country, a government and a nation that has supported them for 32 years.
Were the Palestinians Shia?
Our youth traveled to the airport to be allowed to go to Gaza.
They are prepared to go to Gaza and fight against Israel.
We urged them not to go.
Our people turned their back on the people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt and Tunisia. They were not Shia.
Therefore, the issue is not Shia and Sunni.
Dishonest people try to present the issue of Bahrain as the issue of Shia and Sunni.
Unfortunately, some people who seem to have no wrong intentions fight their trap.
If there is any hope in this regard, I would tell them: this is not Shia and Sunni. This is a great service to America. This is a great service to the enemies of the Iranian nation, which identify the great movement of a nation's independence as a rift between Shia and Sunni.
There is no difference between Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
Any Islamic movement in society which we pursue independence will be supported by us.
America's stupidity is that they do not see the invasion of Bahrain and Saudi Armed Forces as interfering in the domestic affairs. But when our maraja, our teachers, and our loving-kind people say not to kill people, they say that you are interfering.
Is this interference in domestic affairs a country?
The appearance of a government - the oppressive order which we have ordered to stop killing your people - is a form of interference, but the introduction of international bombs against the streets of Bahrain is not a form of interference in domestic affairs. The Americans and their mercenaries in the region are very stupid.
The Americans had hundreds of thousands of miles away from this region.
Anybody who does such a job makes a mistake.
What I would like to say is that by Allah's favor, a new movement was launched in the region.
As God has promised, this movement will definitely succeed.
They are proud of the Iranian nation. They are happy that the Iranian nation has started this movement.
Our youth did not see the Revolution, but if they did not stand up against the youth of that Revolution, they would not fail to do so.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and grace on this honorable nation.
Dear God, bestow Your honor on this nation, this movement, Islam and Muslims every day.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, bestow the soul of our martyrs and our magnanimous Imam on us.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with officials in the Islamic Republic of Iran.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Muhammad, and upon his immaculate and pure household, especially the Imam of the Age (God’s greetings be upon him).
I would like to welcome the dear brothers and sisters and the hardworking government officials of the country and I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow blessings on all of you.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us another opportunity this year to meet again and prepare for this enthusiastic and enthusiastic meeting to discuss the important issues of the country and to listen to them and to speak about them.
I have divided my words to three groups: first of all, I am the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative and the kind of commemorative.
The last phase is that by Allah's favor, he will take a look at the issues that are happening in our neighborhood and the events that are happening in this region.
Hajj Mirza Javad Maliki Tabrizi - the famous divine scholar and jurisprudent - says in his book "Al-Murakabat" that fasting is a divine gift which Allah the Exalted gives to His servants and believers.
He said, "By Allah's favor, fasting is not a standard but a measure of honor which requires thanksgiving." That is to say, the regulation of fasting, which is a divine measure of respect for his servants, is indeed a measure of gratitude.
Among these or more important things, as he himself says, the greatest characteristic of all other characteristics is that the starvation and thirst fill the hearts of a person with brightness and pleasantness and that it opens the way to thinking which one hour of thought is more than one year of worship.
This is one of the things that reflects on the soul and soul of a person who reveals the truth to him and opens the path to wisdom. It is necessary to think about our age.
The year is the main capital of all mankind.
All good things are achieved through this life - that is to say, the appointed times of the day - a means that can bring about everlasting blessings for one's life and Paradise.
Therefore, we should think about this lifetime and the passage of the years.
We should always feel the way hours of our life and days and nights go.
We have always observed the path of life. Life is like snow that is smashing in the heat of the sun.
This capital is moving gradually, and this capital is all things for us, all things for us in order to spiritual prosperity.
How do we use it, where do we use it and how do we use it?
The thought of death, the thought of going out of this world, the thought of raising the soul of a person out of his body and the thought of meeting the angels of death is a particular occasion for each and every one of us. "Every life depends on death." All of us will consider this.
What will be our condition at that time? What will be our condition at that time?
Another phenomenon is this prayer.
The prayers of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household are surprising. The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household says that the prayers of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household are not surprising.
Therefore, these prayers are very important.
Naaman is a messenger to those who heard, and it is a reminder to those who did not hear: the twentyth prayer of the book of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is the most famous prayer of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
The beginning of this prayer is, "By Allah's favor, safeguard Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, adorn me in the adornment of Allah's righteous servants, and put me in the adornment of God-fearing servants" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 25].
What does it mean that you adorn me in the appearance of righteous servants and God-fearing people?
Dear God, clothe your with the appearance of God-fearing people, the first of these things, the opportunity for justice in society, justice in society, justice in society, justice in society, justice in society, justice in society, and the meaning of distributing opportunities for work and benefiting from the arenas among the people.
The fear of God that is expected from us is one of the main reasons for this fear of God.
Sometimes a person becomes an ordinary person. Sometimes a person becomes an ordinary person. Sometimes a person becomes an ordinary person. Sometimes a person becomes an ordinary person. Sometimes a person becomes an ordinary person. Sometimes he becomes an ordinary person. Sometimes he becomes an ordinary person. Sometimes he becomes an ordinary person. Sometimes he becomes an ordinary person.
When you become angry with a particular person or organization in order to make a few statements, your anger and anger are not affected by a person who has not been shouldered with such a shoulder.
We should not do anything in a provoked state.
Forgive us our sins and our servants in our dealings with Allah the Exalted.
It would have been the fire of enmity.
Everybody should make efforts to eradicate this fire.
This is the reason why we constantly urge our brothers, government officials, those who have a good reputation for speaking to us, those who have a good reputation for speaking to us in our country and those who have a good reputation for speaking to us in other parts of the country.
Sometimes a statement does not say that it will not put an end to the fire rather than that it will put an end to it.
Those who are in the middle of the path should try to reach the right destination. We should not allow our actions, our behavior and our speech to be evildoers of those who are in the middle of the path and prevent their faith.
We should not separate those who have a half relationship with the Islamic system.
If there is discord among the people and if there is discord among the people, we should try to resolve them.
When a university official makes a good job, try to explain it.
We have spoken a lot about this issue.
This is part of this prayer. It is estimated to be 22 to 3 issues, but I have spoken about 6 of them in a general sense.
We should pray to Allah the Exalted to clothe us with the appearance of believers.
These are some aspects of fear of God.
This is the first point that I want to discuss.
On the other hand, it is a general analysis of the situation of the country.
The report that was presented by our magnanimous President was a well-known report in many areas. There were some important issues that were openly presented in the report, and I assured all of us that if these information had reached the ears of all people, the efforts, the hardships and the services that have been made are clear.
I would like to explain one aspect of the situation of the country which is very important to us.
Why is this important?
First of all, understanding the condition of the country and where we are and what path we should take is very important and it is always very important. But today it is very important and it may even be said that compared with the conditions of the world, it is necessary to double the number of times.
First of all, the conditions in the region are unprecedented.
The Islamic Awakening and the great events that have taken place in the region have been unprecedented since the beginning of the Revolution until today. Great things have been made and great things have happened.
When a nation - which is the Egyptian nation - makes such a great movement, pushes the government and makes such a Islamic movement threatening the Zionist regime with regard to the conditions of the region, these are all things that are not achieved by all the accusers.
This is the situation in which we find ourselves, which is causing an astonishing situation for the Islamic Republic.
The economic problem with the arrogant western governments is a very great issue, and it will not be easily passed away.
The opinion that westerners hear about the economic issues of the United States and certain western countries and their concerns about the future is part of this issue. It is not all that they say.
The intellectual and political centers and organizational organizations in large and large parts of the world - which are often supported by media - do not want the people of the world to see the realities. This is because the dimensions of the issue are far deeper than what they say.
If the end of this meeting is enough, I would like to clarify the issue more clearly.
Another issue is the prevalence of sectarian uprisings and terrorist activities in western countries, in Europe. They are openly expressing their view of sectarian uprisings in western countries, especially in Europe.
Later on, he attacked two Islamic countries.
There were certain things that they wanted to do, but Allah the Exalted did not give them the opportunity to defeat them.
These are important things.
The event that happened in Norway should not be considered a simple event.
In such conditions, we should look at our circumstances and see what we are doing.
If we fail to look at this opportunity and if we fail to act on it appropriately and if we fail to go on the path to benefit from it in the right time, then we will be sick.
Sometimes ignoring an opportunity becomes a threat and it becomes a backwardness.
Therefore, we need to take a look at the issues of the country from this perspective.
We should not make a mistake. We have good things and we have bad things. We should look at them all.
The same is true of the media as well.
When a person says why you are saying these things, they say they do not allow us to tell the realities.
Of course, we want to tell the truth. No, we want to disrupt the issue.
I look at the average of 20 newspapers every day.
One of these newspapers daily has a headline that is enough for one of them to shake the heart of a disabled man.
We are not accusing someone else, but we are accused of a fact.
The thirst is the same.
It is necessary to pay attention to the weak side with the right side of the power.
It should be what the government can do and what it cannot do together.
Therefore, if we want to understand the realities of the country, we should pay attention to the weaknesses of the country.
Today I would like to present a brief point on this issue, but there is a need to take action in this regard.
These good things show us what opportunities and opportunities we have in this country.
These weaknesses will show us what we should do and what work we should do.
When we place these things together, we become enlightened. We realize what we should do.
For the past two decades, I have written about five to six things which have been a continuation of the Islamic Republic over the past 32 years. I have written about different kinds of things which have been passed away in different kinds of years, in different kinds of governments and in different kinds of governments.
The first point that the system has established is to defeat and overcome various threats. This is very important.
During the past 32 years, we have faced various threats - political threats, security threats and economic threats - and the purpose of these threats is to harm this system.
Of course they wanted to defeat this government, but because this was not a struggle for them, they wanted to stop the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and bring the country back.
This system defeats all these threats.
Some of these things are directly organized by foreigners, such as the issue of sanctions.
During the past few decades, sanctions have been imposed on the country, but in recent years they have intensified their opposition. They used to say that they have been imposed on the country.
These sanctions have sometimes been imposed on us through the United Nations - which have been imposed on the right hand - and they have been imposed on us.
These are the things that have to do with foreigners and they have a direct share in this regard.
The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats. The same is true of domestic threats.
This is one of the aspects of our power.
We should pay attention to this point when calculating the dimensions of the system.
This system, in the absence of national support, and for the most powerful materialistic enemy, which has faced various threats during the past 32 years, has defeated all these threats. This is very important.
This is one of the most important aspects of the system.
Second is mutual trust between the people and the government.