The Leader of the Islamic Revolution congratulated the Iranian nation on the auspicious occasion of Ramadan and the Eid al-Adha.
The full text of the message was:
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In these days, South Africa, especially the sub-Saharan African countries, is faced with the most harsh and unpleasant migration crisis since the introduction of international border controls (IACs).
Therefore, on the auspicious occasion of the auspicious Eid al-Adha and the solemn praying of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), the people of Iran should help the people of the country fulfill their responsibilities through this auspicious Eid, and they should offer their services and assistance to the people of the country in this important way.
The Ayatollah Khamenei the Islamic Revolution reiterated that it is necessary to preserve and strengthen the ties between the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Islamic Republic's government. "If the Islamic Republic fails to preserve its current position, many material and spiritual responsibilities will be placed on the shoulders of the people, the religious and government officials."
Ayatollah Khamenei Ayatollah Khamenei said in a statement:
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In his biography, the magnanimous Imam of the Age mentions the necessity of advancing self-sacrifice and standing before Allah the Exalted.
The divine religions, through their Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) companions, safeguarded the integrity of human beings and helped them escape from the precipice of corruption.
The practice of dhikr and dua is an opportunity and a blessing for human beings in this short period of time.
When daily prayers and dhikrification conform to a religious principle, Islamic jurisprudence can be reflected in divine law.
Islam is a manifestation of this kindness.
The accumulation of wealth in the world and in the hereafter is like the accumulation of God-given blessings.
In the wake of Eid al-Adha, the holy hearts of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and in the wake of the re-appearance of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), filled with enthusiasm and enthusiasm more than ever before, and gave rise to a personal and divine balance.
This is the kind of view that we should adopt.
The spirituality of the clergy builds the foundations of a successful life.
When life is centered around spirituality, monotheism is the main foundation.
The practice should remain impregnated throughout the country and in schools, corporations, universities and hospitals.
It is necessary to behave in a humble and humble way towards the people.
It is necessary to guide the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) in a way that is appropriate for the needs of the Islamic Ummah.
If the position of a panegyrist is right, then the material and spiritual responsibility that society, individuals and government officials have to shoulder will be minimized.
I hope that by Allah's favor, this day will come and that our path towards the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake) will become smooth.
Sayid Ali Khamenei
11 October, 2011.
The Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Meets Ayatollah Talamoni - Khamenei.
His Eminence referred to the bilateral agreements between the two countries and signed them on the basis of what was discussed in the meeting and added: "There are many areas for future cooperation between the two countries in different areas.
"If the Ayatollah Khamenei is not sure whether Lebanon will be liberated or not, he is going to send his son, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), to Lebanon and to the Holy Land," he noted.
The only thing that can be sacrificed for the sake of the Islamic Republic is resistance.
His Eminence stated that Lebanon is the only Arab country that can be defeated in the face of the Zionist regime and added: "Garlic was only an achievement of the enemies of Lebanon.
Therefore, we should appreciate its greatness."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "As long as the Zionist regime is suffering from the effects of global war, Lebanon needs urgent efforts."
the Ayatollah Khamenei Ayatollah Khamenei Ayatollah Khamenei
The Ayatollah Khamenei said that the Islamic Republic of Iran is committed to safeguarding the unity of the country and added: "The Islamic Republic of Iran has long supported different denominations and sectarian orientations, but some people have been unwilling to cooperate with us in creating instability in this country and they are afraid of provoking sectarian prejudice."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the meeting between Ayatollah Khamenei and the late Rafik Hariri, the previous prime minister of Lebanon, and expressed satisfaction over the efforts made by the current prime minister of Lebanon.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution congratulated the Prime Minister of Lebanon, Saad Hariri, and the deputy President, on the occasion of the meeting and said: "We consider the Islamic Republic of Iran as a friendly and cooperative country with Lebanon, which has been supporting Lebanon during its difficult times."
The Prime Minister of Lebanon added: "The government of Lebanon is hopeful that the level of cooperation between the two countries will increase in all areas, including economic, political and cultural."
Sa'ad Hariri, however, noted that the Lebanese government is independent and added that any rift between the Lebanonese community and the Zionist regime will be used as a tool against the Zionist regime.
Islamic Revolution Ayatollah Khamenei paid a 3 hour visit to Ayatollah Taskhiri, the Leader of Ayatollah Khamenei’s the Islamic Revolution, during the hajj ceremonies.
After delays in the prolonged prolonged Saudi recruitment due to negotiations between the Iranian and Saudi officials, the bilateral agreements between the two countries are now underway.
Ayatollah Taskhiri Ayatollah Khamenei the Ayatollah Khamenei
“Every year during the hajj, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution delivers messages to the hajj pilgrims regarding the most important issues of the Islamic Ummah.
What is the underlying premise for this message?
The answer to this question is, first of all, to clarify some issues.
First, the hajj, which is one of the most affordable and portable hajj ceremonies, has many goals.
The greatest and the most important purpose of the hajj, as we have seen in the Quran, is to ‘interfere with the Islamic Ummah and the Traditions of Islam’ [the Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 34].
The Holy Quran describes the events that happen in different seasons, namely, “So when the Lord of the Martyrs (a.s.) bowed down to kiss his hand, he took his money and helped him.”
“It is You, the Lord of the Martyrs, who arranges the meetings for the people.
“Correct and sincere”, it is the mantra of a presidential contender.
The second purpose behind the hajj is to raise human beings to the standard of dignity and to the path of spiritual purity.
These things are the factors that determine the identity of the Islamic Ummah.
The message that was delivered by the Imam of the Age (may God hasten his re-appearance) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (may God hasten his re-appearance) should focus on the hajj.
However, the narrative behind this message – which is what you paid for – and the reason why the Islamic Republic and its leaders and executive branch are so sensitive to this issue is that we should strive to promote culture of hard work, hard work and self-employment.
course, the hajj represents a community’s movement.
He says, “The Hajj is the flag of Islam.” What is the flag of Islam?
When the war is over, this means that the Army is on its own and that the war is continuing.
Therefore, re-acquaintance with the hajj and returning to the hajj spirit is one of the lofty and essential goals of the Islamic Republic.
Therefore, these things are what the Imam (r.a.) advised and what the Revolution's Guards Corps is pursuing.
“But of course, I am not suggesting that this issue of the hajj is ignored,” he said.
The media which broadcast sporting events have a lot of influence on the people, but they do not have the luxury of focusing their attention on the importance and importance of these events.
The broadcast industry, the cultural organizations, the media and the organizations that make public statements should make all efforts in order to promote this message to all the people in the world.
It is necessary to make efforts in this regard.
It is not the Saudis who are broadcasting these messages.
Since when is this message supposed to be delivered to the people?
However, after the bitter conflict – which was not resolved by Iraniyaw during the time of the hajj – an agreement was reached in a meeting which was attended to negotiations in the meeting.
The two sides agree that from that time to the next day, if there was a meeting in Makka, the meeting would be held in Arafah on the day of Eid al-Adha, and the irreligious people would come together to hold a meeting to read the sermons of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
“Yes, the relationship between Du’a Kumeyl and Allah the Exalted was one of those agreements after all the hardships.
We have pointed out that the hajj is celebrated by Muslim nations.
What was the effect of this sako?
First of all, we have benefitted from the capacities of different countries.
The second reason is that the occasion is chosen to coincide with the hajj and the hajj ceremonies held in Mecca and some other places.
The message must be conveyed in different languages in order to be a good influence on the hearts of Muslim nations.
It was not just the personal opinion of an important figure in the world of Islam.
In what year has this happened?
The Zionists are trying to deny this message.
The Saudi government is not only limited to spreading the Good News but it is also limited to detaching people.
course in recent years, the number of these martyrs has decreased, but they are still trying to find a way to fight this martyrdom.
In some cases, we even try to send messages to foreign newspapers but they are not doing so.
Some of the journalists are not trustworthy or unlikely.
I have even endorsed Muslims as well.
However, in fact we have not been able to do so, but as I said, we have risen.
“What was the purpose of this message?
In this meeting, they are representing the entire Islamic Ummah.
The Sansans at the ground are truly representatives of the people.
It is necessary to pay attention to this point.
He He He listened carefully.
The three elements that are haram are spirituality and alhaji.
I have learnt lessons from the teachings of the Imam of the Age (a.s.) over the past few decades.
If you take a look at the message of the Leader of the Revolution in this meeting, you will see that the first point that he is addressing is the importance of hajj for the progress of the Islamic Ummah.
This is exactly the message that the Leader wants to deliver during the hajj.
The hajj can serve as a remedy for the weakness of the Islamic Ummah.
The main pillar of hajj is to prostrate that hajj is the genuine manifestation of Islam.
The Ayatollah Khamenei said that the hajj is “the manifestation of the spirit of community engagement” and “the manifestation of the power and influence of Islam on political matters.”
If we consider hajj as one of the blessings of God, then the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is indeed one of the blessings.
This is to say, the entire society should be committed to sharia and the spirituality of the Exalted Imam (a.s.).
The first point that is mentioned in this meeting is the ‘impact of hajj on the progress of the Islamic Ummah’.
The second point is the role of the hajj in promoting moral virtues and equality.
This is true of all messages.
Of course from the beginning to the end of the hajj, everything is about purity, sincerity and benefiting from the opportunities that have been created in the holy places which are related to hajj.
The third point in this message is ‘about the greatness of Islam and the message that sees it’.
This is to say, I would like to discuss the methods of Islam and the issues that humanity is facing.
The next point is the issue of Islamic unity, which is, in the words of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the most important point in this unity.
In this occasion, we are trying to confront Islamic Awakening and promoting it.
The gatherings and meetings of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps are also gatherings and meetings in which the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is represented.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Ka'bah is the manifestation of monotheism and the flag of Islamic unity.
The enemies of the world are after the greatness of the Islamic Ummah, which is accompanied by material and spiritual power as well as culture.
This is while the important point in these messages is the nature of the machinations that the arrogant powers make against the people of the world.
In all these messages, the hypocritical and arrogant powers have mentioned the defeat of the Islamic Ummah and the reasons behind this defeat.
This is the kind of propaganda that they use against the important issues and issues of the Islamic Ummah.
The threats emerged following the 11th of September, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said.
This is because through the Revolution and the awakening of the Islamic Ummah, the world of Islam was freed from the machinations of the arrogant powers, and the enemies began planning a series of attacks against the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the arrogant powers as the enemies of humanity, human rights and against terrorism in Islamic countries.
The fifth point is referred to as "creating the Islamic Republic as the model for the achievement of the global power model and the model for Islamic unity throughout the life" and "the model for Islamic unity among different Islamic denominations and the model for Islamic unity among the people".
How do these things work in other countries?
What is the position of outstanding ulama and political personalities of Islamic countries and Arab countries?
In all my travels and meetings, I have met people from different countries â€“ including Iranian pilgrims, Islamic leaders, political leaders of different countries and advocates for the liberation of Iraq.
That is to say, despite the weakness we are in the arena of delivering messages, when we are given the opportunity to deliver messages they can be very effective.
In the modern world, the issue of diplomacy is the most important issue in the world.
How can the hajj be considered one of the prominent pilgrims of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a symbol of the triumph of the Islamic Revolution?
Of course, one of the best ways to promote the auspicious Revolution is to recite the message of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and his followers.
One of the methods of strengthening the hajj and responding to the pressures that are exerted by the hajj pilgrims on the welfare of Muslims is the combination of these things which, in my opinion, have a great impact on the life of Muslims.
The Gaza War is that many of the hajj pilgrims go to different places, go through different tests, but they fail to realize the hajj is approaching.
We have a narration which says, "The hajj will continue as if there is no zuhud." [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 34] When there is no zuhud, the hajj will resume its activities as if there is no zuhud.
I hope all hajj pilgrims will try their hardest to avoid this unprecedented hajj and make the hajj experience a success for themselves as well as for the Islamic Ummah.
Leader
The Leader’s the Islamic Revolution visited Kermanshah province on October 12, 2011. The full text of the speech was the following:
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and blessings and greetings be upon the Master of the creatures, Muhammad al-Mustafa and his immaculate family and his chosen companions.
In the the Allah the Allah the Allah the Allah the the Allah, the Allah the Allah the Allah, the Allah the Allah the Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
The who are following the Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and are afraid of God's invasion will be afraid of God and the Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
I would like to express my gratitude to the honorable gentlemen who are rendering services in different sectors of the country and the honorable youth who have participated in the religious activities and the pilgrimage of religious valor.
Thankfully, today the dear brothers and sisters as well as the honorable clergy of this province are present in this meeting.
I have mentioned some points in this meeting, but before discussing the issues I have spoken about, I deem it necessary to thank the esteemed scholars and the esteemed teachers of this province who should have made the most of their life in this province.
I was able to meet him in his residence in Kermanshah at several times.
It was Shahid Saduki who introduced the concept of Yazd, and we had a meeting with him at the last Friday prayer gathering in Islamabad.
The summit was organised under the flag of the Iraqi Armed Forces during the Sacred Defense Era, and we participated in the meeting.
The characteristics of a great person are his intellectual and spiritual characteristics as well.
In the end of his life, Allah the Exalted will reward him for this.
I I I have repeatedly said that martyrdom is a great business and a great riba.
The end of the life of a person is like the beginning of "Everyone's salvation" [The Holy Quran, 3:185).
The more we can benefit from this opportunity, the more we will pay attention to God's blessings and the more we will make money in it.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful is the only One.
In this province, our magnanimous Hajj companion, Ab-al-Qassem Baha'uddeen Muhammadi Araki, is one of the most honored martyrs.
The Agha Hajj Baha is a descendant of the late Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and one of our companions in Qom.
Allah In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
I would like to congratulate the esteemed scholars, the esteemed teachers and the esteemed hajj pilgrims of Qom as well as the esteemed hajj pilgrims of Qom as well as the esteemed teachers of Hojjatiya.
God the Exalted for his sake.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before he was appointed as the President, I used to go to Kermanshah and visit his work.
However, after the re-appearance of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), I became interested in his work.
I would like to address the essence of this narration to the Imam of the Age (a.s.): "Whoever has promised to be a leader for the people, he should first start his studies before he goes to their lessons."
His writings were very good and I recited them in my allo on the way.
This is the problem that will be solved only if we work together.
Dear youth, dear brothers and sisters, if you and I want to be like a firm iron fist which keeps the elements together, if you and I want to be like a stone which cannot withstand the storm, then the best way to do that is to say, "start to feel the storm" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 34].
The ayah "Malevolent is fearing God among His servants" [The Holy Quran, 35: 28]. Fear is one of the characteristics that is specified by different Islamic scholars.
The teachers had certain advantages, but they were chastened by the God-fearing.
The advantage of education is that one can obtain this great blessing and cast doubts about the existence of God.
Therefore, it is necessary to pay attention to this point.
This is the life that will protect it: certain people will fight to death, while others will not.
You should know that the gap between the past and the future is insignificant.
When a person spends 30 years on a chosen path, he suddenly realizes that there is a long way to go.
If at this point in time a person has decided to do something or make a move, he should do so from the beginning.
I would like to address this message to all our dear students - who should be committed to piety, fear of God, and spirituality - and I believe that education is the main pillar of all these efforts.
If knowledge is available without fear of God, this knowledge can be abused in a certain way.
We have a teacher - a humble and poor person - who is not only suffering from a lack of knowledge but also has a talent.
This spiritual closeness to God and divine teachings is something that is necessary for knowledge and understanding.
Kermanshah is a very important.
As Mr Ulama said in a meeting later, Kermanshah was always home to prominent figures - such as the families of Al Agha, the families of Jalili and the others.
It is one thing to establish a relationship with Kermanshah, another is to show that the people of Kermanshah are friendly, sympathetic and helpful to the people who came in.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad Ali (may his soul be sacrificed for his sake) and his father, Wahid Bahbahani, who was one of the greatest scholars of Kermanshah, may God bestow paradise on him.
However, as long as he was alive, he could not fight, and as long as he could fight, he was considered one of the Iyalan of Al Agha.
The other day, he was in the class of some of his students.
This is one example.
The Another example is the late Agha Sayyid Husain Haeri, who was martyred in Karbala.
I have seen certain examples in this regard.
The following is the full text of the letters written on November 24, 2013 by Ayatollah Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfahani, the students of Agha Sayyid Mohammad Isfahani and the Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi who were from Iraq and were stationed in Kermanshah.
He was at fault for the haddo war in Isfahan.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) was an exemplary pilgrim.
It is one of the seminarians who was reciting poems by the late Akhund Mulla Fat'ali Sultan Abadi, who at that time was in the city of Samarra.
One such person was our late Ayatollah Sayyid Ali, the founding father of the Islamic Revolution.
This book, which was published in response to that question, is a good book.
The house was occupied for several years by Kermanshah's wealthy family.
I have mentioned in this book that during the hajj, hajj Agha Husain Kummi (may God hasten his re-appearance), either by himself or through his companions went to Kermanshah to meet with the late Sayyid Ali (s.a.).
The letter writer said that he was going to be married to a young Arab woman - he was a Marja and a Muslim - and he was present in the meetings of the Armed Forces.
This is the lesson which is accompanied by the Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech.
This is not to say that it is impossible or impossible for a great scholar to achieve these things.
We should educate our youth in this way. We should encourage our youth to follow this path.
This man, he was a tourist in Kabul, he went to India and then he went to Najaf, then he returned to Kermanshah and was arrested for taking pictures with him.
Marigayi Kabuli years of sitting in Kermanshah.
The late Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani was one of the prominent scholars who left this city.
This community has this characteristic that shows that the hearts of the people are interested in religious matters.
When they find out about a person's disability, they will maraut him so that he cannot claim that he is not living in his own city.
The late Hassan Rouhani was an Isfahan man, but he was like a Kermanshah man.
That is to say, I think this is a test.
I want to discuss a few points.
In particular, I would like to welcome the dear teachers, the dear students and the outstanding personalities.
First, there is the opportunity to promote Islamophobia in the world - both in Muslim countries and in non-Muslim countries.
Therefore, responsibility.
You are in such a situation.
You should not be scared: "And they are afraid of God and do not fear anybody."
You should be careful not to get scared of the dangers that lie in front of you.
This does not mean that there are no opposing camps.
You should not do what people cannot.
Why Is Is Is Is Is Is Is this not true in Iran?
In Iran, if there is something that is completely unprecedented and if all the experts of the world are talking about it on the same day and night, they will not be able to deny that it is unprecedented.
The writer would say this was impossible, but he saw that it was possible.
I tell you that even some of our activists say that he won't do anything.
the Ayatollah Talabani told me that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had said, "It is necessary to defeat the Shah and the Islamic Republic."
This does not mean that we can fight against Shah.
He He He told me
said that the Shah would be defeated by no one, but he was defeated.
This was not only achieved by the Shah, but also by America and the west.
It was not believed by anybody, but it happened.
There was nobody who thought that the end of the era in Islamic countries would be in Egypt; in the case of Camp Dabi and Hosni Mubarak.
The Revolution might have happened at a different location in the world, but nobody would have thought of Egypt.
These are the things that should be in the mind of all of us.
We should focus on fixing the problems that we think will not be resolved soon and we should ensure their existence.
You should invite your family members to the auspicious house of worship so that they may be safeguarded.
The lesson is that "whoever is in the right way, Allah is the righteous" [The Holy Quran, Sura al-Hajj (22), Ayah 34].
Allah In the right way, He is the Beneficent.
This is our path.
We are taught to recite "Whoever is in attendance at the shrine of God", and "God is the shrine of the servants of the shrine of God".
The Exalted says, "We have punished every one of the Prophet's (s.w.a.) companions - the pious people and their forefathers.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, “those who have not done what you should do, will be forgiven by Your servants” [The Holy Quran, 6: 112].
Therefore, if it were decided that I and you would send messages to God, He would prepare the ground for the fitna of Satan and the people.
They come and attack us, so we have to be prepared.
In the spiritual sense of the word, we should create a protective wall against us - which is the protective wall of faith and other kinds of faith.
The guile and the shame of the enemy originate from the ground and the soul of the injured.
The bad characteristic of a person is to give him a shank.
If you fail to identify the enemy in the heart of you, no one will succeed in you.
The doors that must be opened up for your hearts are the doors of faith in God and close to God's servants.
This is a lesson for us.
We should learn from our mistakes and we should fix our mistakes in order to improve our life.
This evil phenomenon is being amplified through the use of internet, human and social media tools, and other such tools.
It is now that oil is being killed in a certain way.
These are the kind of reports that are not comprehensive.
In this regard, they pay a Shia tourist for coming to a Shia market and he brings up the issue of the Muminina Aisha accusation and insults her.
These are the methods.
Therefore, establishing discord is a great blessing for them.
I would tell you that your province is made up of Shia and Sunni Muslims.
The Shia and Sunni should put themselves on equal footing, identifying one another and speaking to one another.
We have common interests.
You can strengthen your own beliefs, but you should also exercise your tarical duty.
If they want to do research, they can do it.
I am in the company of religious believers and if they want to discuss Islamic issues among scholars and intellectuals, they can do so.
However, in addition to these things, there are other issues that are related to the issue of tarification.
The Shia Imam has a great point of departure among his people and the Sunni Imam has a great point of departure among his people.
There are some people whose hands are the weapon of kufr [Islamic slogans].
It is wrong to ignore this great movement in the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, the aikido which we have published has kumples of all these things.
This is the responsibility of the youth.
I have heard Kermanshah students who are studying in Qom and whose friends have used this opportunity to teach them.
Therefore, the issue of knowledge is very important.
Of course in the search of knowledge, there is the issue of telling the truth.
There is a difference between this view of labor and the view that I have adopted for many years.
After some time, he came to me and asked, "What do you do here?" I said, "I live in a nisa village in the province of Khorasan and I have nothing to do.
This is the understanding of speech.
And look at the young generation who have participated in our classes.
In Kermanshah, the people who were studying and working were very popular.
It would not have happened at that time.
During the early years after the victory of the Revolution, in Kermanshah province, there were few students who went to university or Islamic seminaries.
However However, the people who were writing these lines in the past say that we should be careful not to let this change.
These youth, they are faced with various propaganda and statements, there are some questions about this.
It is necessary to identify their needs and to address them.
You should ask the people what they think of the Qur'an and Sunnah and ask them what their thoughts and feelings are and try to address them in the appropriate way.
Dear Ayatollah Mamduhi, my dear guests, introduced me to the wonderful works of the late Ayatollah Mutahari and the works that he has selected for his collections on the issue of the youth.
You used to be in Kum.
It is necessary to do these things.
You should think about it like you think about the re-appearance of human beings in a different way.
You should make the hearts of the people who speak with you and who educate you.
The divine prosecution of a leader, which starts with "whoever sees an opportunity for himself and for his family" is difficult.
It is necessary to do this heavy lifting.
In today's world, teachers have a responsibility to shoulder.
The advantage of teachers is that they introduce new concepts, new methods, new ideas and new concepts to the people.
It is the everything.
If you can establish a relationship with Allah the Exalted on a daily basis, it will definitely be established.
It is a very important point.
You should provide the elderly people who speak for you with a religious obligation and give them the means for raising the flag of the Islamic Republic.
This meeting, which is held every year on the occasion of Eid al-Adha, is unprecedented.
The Shia and Sunni should not harass their brothers.
You should travel with yourselves.
There are certain things that can be done together.
If this happens, then the fire of Islam will be brighter.
I would tell you that when the Islamic Revolution achieved victory in the world, Islam had a new spirit and a new capability.
This was a great innovation. This great innovation has been exported to the west.
The followers of the Revolution and the Imam (r.a.) also defeated the west and the system of hegemony.
They returned to the Quran and found some truths about Islam.
During that time, the enemies tried to harm Islam, and this was continued.
In Islamic countries, a large number of the youth and outstanding personalities who were pious and sincere had pinned their hopes on the system of liberal democracy.
Some of them are really good and some of them are not good and they do not believe in Islam.
They are socialists because they think that there is hope in the world for socialism.
During the reign of taghut, if the rebels were to defeat the army, they would have no choice but to fight to death.
Therefore, they resorted to Islam.
The movements that were carried out in Egypt, Tunisia, Yemen and other places were all movements that were rooted in Islam.
It is not the case that in our country, women are not at the service of men.
There are certain people who speak about Islam, but in the real sense of the word these people are opposed to the ideology that they promote.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, all those groups - which were after the Revolution - turned their backs on Islam.
When a government is established in the shade of Islamic ideals and when there is innovation and progress, all oppressive camps of the oppressive camp are faced with it, but when the movement is over, all oppressive camps are faced with it.
They have been after whatever they wanted in the world, but they have been defeated. They have now realized what they are looking for in Islam.
What You You you see what is
They want to kash these people. They want to humiliate this person.
In the United States of America, in the capital of New York, there is a famous street corner called "Wall Street", in which hundreds of thousands of people gathered and said "We do not want to invest in the stocks".
This is what I believe, and we have already said that we are not neutral, and that we do not accept the socialist system.
You should be careful about your appearance.
The Islamic school students should be careful.
The Holy Quran and the Sunni narrations contain strong and indisputable reasons.
If you do this, you will see how strong Islam will be.
I have said many things to you and this presence is a source of entertainment for you, but it is also necessary to pay attention to the time.
Dear God, help the religious community grow in spite of their enmity.
Dear God, make these dear youth and these young seminarians - in Kermanshah and Kermanshah - successful and faithful.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and grace on all of us.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
Leader Khamenei Khamenei
Leader Urges Re-election of Leader - Khamenei.
The Ayatollah Khamenei paid a 3 hour court hearing in response to the previous ruling:
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Drta Abdulle Asghari (may the succeede in doing this favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor favor.
The following is the full text of the letters written on November 24, 2013 by Mr.
The opportunity to establish a relationship with Mr Sarafraz is among the things that I would like to discuss today.
Therefore, I would like to stress the importance of strong political will, preserving and training the revolutionary ambassadors, promoting and training revolutionary labor and active participation in the development of the media industry with relying on Allah the Exalted.
I pray to Allah I will make the Exalted successful in this regard.
Sayid Ali Khamenei
22, On Urdebehesht, 1395
(May 11, 2016)
Leader
Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader’ Islamic Revolution Address at Imam Khomeini's Ayatollah Sayyid Ali Khamenei's 24th birthday ceremony on June 4, 2013.
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate, pure and chosen household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth after the re-appearance of the Imam of the Age (a.s.).
We are thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us this opportunity to thank our magnanimous Imam on this occasion and express our respect for him.
Despite the fact that the Imam's (r.a.) image has remained in the minds of our people, the 13th of Khordad is a symbol and a manifestation of the greatness of the Iranian nation and its commitment to the lofty ideals.
It is also the day when our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) was martyred in front of his eyes.
And this year is the year of the anniversary of the tragic event that happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342.
The 15th of Khordad is a very important and sensitive day.
I spoke about this in detail before going to the issue of the main enemy and I will discuss it further.
The 15th of Khordad is not the end of the great movement of scholars and people.
The 13th of Khordad is the birthday anniversary of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), the founding father of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
As for example, the events that happened in the Faiziyya school on the 2 of Farvarden 1342 are an example of the scourge and the backlash that was imposed on the faithful and honorable students by the great Ayatollah Golpaygani.
In the year 1341, when the popular movement in Tehran took place, the Marja'i scholar, late Ayatollah Seyyed Ahmad Khomeini, was named Ayatollah Seyyed Ahmad Khomeini.
This is to say, the movement of the gentlemen in the year 1341 and the early years 1342 had a great impact on the police and security organizations of the oppressed regime, rendering services to the gentlemen and students unnecessarily.
However, the occasion of the 15th of Khordad is very important.
The reason is that the event that happened on the 15th of Khordad 1342 was indicative of the close relationship between the people and teachers at that time.
In the month of Ashurar this year - which is the 13th of Khordad - our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) delivered a keynote address at the Faiziyya seminary.
In honor of the Imam's (r.a.) birthday, on the 15th of Khordad, in Tehran, and in Kum and other cities held demonstrations.
The advantage of such a relationship is that it can speed the progress of the movement towards progress.
When a movement is accompanied by the people and their movement is carried out by the people, this movement will continue.
If the people do not participate in a populist movement, it will not achieve victory.
In Iran, the leftist and nationalist movements were unsuccessful, but the movements carried out by the people were successful.
When the people enter the arena and lay down their lives, when the thoughts and feelings of the people are with the people, such a movement will continue and bring about progress and victory.
This is what happened on the 15th of Khordad.
The massacre of the people of Tehran and other cities following the narration of the Imam (r.a.) caused the government to take all its power and power over to the people; it killed a large number of people.
Tehran The the Iranian nation was showered with the blood of pious, faithful and sympathetic youth.
On February 15, the veracity of the constitution and deep faith in it was revealed publicly.
There is another point that I would like to discuss on the 15th of Khordad: the point that our dear youth and our honorable people should pay attention to because during the killing of the people in Tehran and other cities, no international organization, who had an important role to play in safeguarding human rights, spoke to us.
There were few people and teachers who were active in the arena.
They say that this is a wrong move. They say that this is a move that is in line with the interests of the government.
Whenever the demands of the patients and their families are uncovered in the battlefield, they accuse the faithful and persistent people of the medical community of hypocrisy and negligence.
They used to say that the Imam's (r.a.) movement was a successful movement. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) by relying on his public support, continued his movement in a perfect way, and announced to the world and the personality as faithful, sincere and determined person.
This was how Imam Khomeini (r.a.) acted. He had as many faiths as he could, faith in God, faith in the power of the people and faith in self-sacrifice.
has spoken from his heart, and people have responded to his call with all their hearts and souls.
They entered the arena with enthusiasm.
They carried out this movement that had no support in the world.
They must not be allowed to clarify the issue of these three faiths with Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
These are important points which if we understand, they will help us move forward.
In terms of faith in God, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was the embodiment of the opposite situation: "And when the people said to him: ‘Yes, the people have gathered for you’ he said, ‘You should feel fear.
The prayers that they recited raised their faith and said, "Allah is the Lord of our God and the Lord of the Prophets" [The Holy Quran, 3:173].
He yunited for the sake of God, spoke to God and took action because He has said, "If you help him, He will help you." [The Holy Quran, 47: 7] That is to say, it is a divine promise which will be fulfilled.
This was how the Imam (r.a.) acted as a guardian of the Iranian nation.
His Eminence believed that a nation that was formed by the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household was an immaculate, pure and wicked nation, and that if a nation had a righteous leader, it would be able to enter all arenas in the day and night.
If at one time certain people liked Shah Sultan Husain, they would have scolded the Iranian nation, but at a certain stage, great people liked Nadeer Kali - without any distinction - introduced themselves to the Iranian nation, and they managed to lead the Iranian nation towards the Black Sea.
He He has realized the Iranian nation and believed in them.
He expressed his belief that the Iranian nation should be a role model for resistance and insight.
The Imam (r.a.) was the most kind of person and the greatest caravan leader.
This is the reason why you see Imam Khomeini (r.a.) failing miserably in the face of colonialism because colonialism is opposed to feelings of the people and Imam Khomeini (r.a.) considered feelings of the people as a kind of friendship.
And on the issue of arrogance, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) taught the Iranian people that they can be independent.
In the year 1342, despite the protests of his students, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) accepted a truce with the Americans and said, "If you continue doing what you have started, I will tell the people that you should retire from Iran."
This is the resident of a Kum brother who is not holding a weapon, nor is he supported by any money or assistance from any country.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Your servants, make them successful in this arena.
This was how Imam Khomeini (r.a.) acted. At that time, in Beheshti Zahra, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) had threatened the Bakhtiyar government with a clear statement: I will take down the Bakktiyar government, and I will deny it.
Imam was satisfied with himself and his power.
This was how he approached the Imam (r.a.) - from the people to them.
It is one of the most important weapons which the enemy has used to impose its oppressive hegemony on other nations.
The Iranian nation has become independent in political, scientific, and economic areas over the past 30 years.
He told the Iranian nation that "You can".
He returned to us with his foresight, returned to us with his firm determination to the dignity of our relationship, returned to us with the spirit of self-confidence.
It is the Iranian nation that has been making progress over the past 30 years thanks to the Iranian nation.
They trusted the Imam (r.a.) because their faith in God, faith in the people and self-confidence was the foundation of their behavior, plans and policies.
In the beginning of this Revolution, these three faiths provided Imam Khomeini (r.a.) with the necessary strength.
When he was forced to leave the country, the same was true of his time in Paris.
These three factors made Imam Khomeini (r.a.) unable to bring Tehran to its knees in those conditions.
In the year 1357, when Imam Khomeini (r.a.) delivered a speech at the Feiziyeh Madreseh seminary, during the fitna of the house, when he promoted the idea of establishing the Islamic Republic, under the pretext of opposing the camp of domination, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) negotiated with Imam Khomeini (r.a.) for a 10-year term, and Imam Khomeini (r.a.) accepted the challenge of opposing the camp of domination during the time of 10 years.
These three characteristics are the foundations of the identity of the Imam (r.a.) and of all his activities.
In his life, nobody could find a fault or an inexhaustible link between these words and the actions of the Imam (r.a.).
There are many revolutionaries in the world who are astonished at the beginning as they can.
They try to divert the attention of the audience from the statements they have made in past.
the answer he received in his lifetime was far more than the answer he received in the year 1342 for which he was martyred.
He tried hard, but his heart was broken.
This is the tsaring principle according to which the Holy Quran says, "And those who are right on the right path, We will indeed help them." [The Holy Quran, 72: 16]
The Holy Quran, 41: 30, says, "(As for) those who say: Our Lord is Allah, then continue in the right way, the angels descend upon them, saying: Fear not, nor be grieved.
The Iranian nation changed its outlook on God, and the Exalted changed its behavior: "And God did not change His ways for the people, but God changed their hearts" [The Holy Quran, 13:11].
The Iran the Iranian nation went through a difficult test and was helped by Allah the Exalted.
What What What What What What What What was the
There are many things that our youth should know about the re-appearance of the Pahlavi regime - namely, the regime that was formed during the reign of Kajar muni - in England and America.
This reliance on them was a source of disgrace.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, one of the prominent American diplomats said in a statement after the victory of the Islamic Revolution: "We are telling Shah (r.a.) what he needs and what not."
They are telling him that it is necessary to stand up against him.
The more oil you can make, the more you can sell.
It was not just the personal opinion of an important figure that determined the destiny of this noble and honorable country.
They used to rule as heads of state and guilds, but they were changed to representatives of the people.
They should be changed for the sake of the people and the government.
The people have been instrumental in the political situation of the country during the past 30 years.
They do not allow their nan's (don't ask the people what they are doing) when they dare to exercise power.
These evil politicians, who gave rise to the enemy's fury and anger, turned the people into representatives of the Hegemons.
The day before the victory of the Revolution, we did not achieve any progress in the area of knowledge.
What What What Is Is Is Is Is Is Is this something insignificant?
The scientific and technical community of the world has predicted that by the end of the 2017 calendar, Iran will be the 4th largest country in the world.
What What What Is Is Is Is Is Is Is this something insignificant?
We are used to building bridges, to construct dams, to build power plants and to build dams.
In order to make up for the backwardness of the nation, they have invested in various infrastructure, plants, minerals, and pharmaceutical products.
Were we supposed to ignore all these things?
In the arena of health and medicine, for example, for a small incision or operation, our patients should always go to the European hospitals for treatment.
This is true of carnal desires as well as other important and great duties.
The Iranian nation does not need any foreigners.
We have emerged victorious in this regard.
During that time, certain parts of the country were ignored.
The Revolution visited a lot of the cities and villages of the country, but was not able to visit the remotest parts.
There are still many services to be done in all the country, in different cities and in different villages.
Therefore, we can say that the Iranian nation is not different from other nations.
During the early years after the victory of the Revolution, the number of the people in the country was about five million.
This number can be divided into two groups: the number of the people who are killed and the number of the martyrs.
The number of students is indicative of the number of teachers and universities.
In one case, there were six university students and in another case, there were nine university students.
During the latter stages of the programme, the number of students and teachers did not decrease.
In this country, there are thousands of universities.
This was the great movement of the Iranian nation thanks to the Revolution and the determination of our youth and our government officials.
These are important points.
The Revolution helped to realize important and fundamental projects in the country.
In the past, we used to import products from foreign countries, but today we have access to many of these products in the country.
It is necessary to pay attention to these issues.
These were the results of the firm and faithful hearts of the people of our country which were prepared by the Imam (r.a.) and his household.
We were not saying these things to say that we were rejected by the system and that we were happy with it.
No, there is still a great job ahead of us.
I would tell you that if we compare our performance with the days of taghut, we will see the difference.
I am saying this because our dear people and our youth should know that progress is possible only through the faith of the three elements.
They should know that there is a long way to go.
You can continue treading this path until you reach the peaks.
I am saying these things to you because you know that the enemies are trying to create enmity in our hearts.
The path is ahead of us.
We have a map.
What What What What Why does our path look like this?
This advice is the kind of advice that can help us grow, stabilize and stabilize our movement.
I deem it necessary to mention the names of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) and our youth. This is a mistake.
The path was opened up with Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and the path was opened up for us.
In terms of foreign policy, the lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) were: resistance against colonialism, cooperation with the Muslim nations, friendly relationship with all the countries of the world, including Iran, and showing enmity to Zionism.
Imam Infallible Imam
This is the meaning of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) words in the Quran. In the arena of culture, his teachings include: the demise of Western cultures; correct and safeguarded religious practices; supporting morality and purity of Islamic jurisprudence; and promoting moral corruption and prostitution in society.
In the arena of economy, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) advised the people to adopt three principles: the economy of domestic production, the economy of domestic consumption and the economy of resistance.
In this case as well, the lessons of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) provide us with the means for refusing to be accepted by the material world and for maintaining our independence in the economic arena.
The Iranian nation can only increase this capability through its faith and its reflection on the Imam of the Age (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can move forward.
The Iranian nation will continue its path on the basis of the information and the experience gained over the past 30 years by relying on its power and its fitna.
However, regarding the elections, which are the main issues in the modern world, the elections are the main issues.
You dear brother and you dear Iranian people.
The election is the manifestation of all those faiths that are with Imam Hussein (a.s.) and they should be with us: faith in God is a necessity.
Our responsibility is to look at the future of our country.
The Iranian people have this responsibility.
This is because elections show that the people trust the government.
The elections showed that one cannot play a role in determining the future of the country.
This is a very important thing.
Therefore, elections are the manifestation of trust in God and trust in the people.
If you are considered among the takfiri, those who are in the arena of elections - they arelong to the Islamic Republic.
The elections that were carried out by any of the members of the Assembly of Experts were not a vote for the Islamic Republic.
It is necessary to stand up against those who are opposed to the Islamic Republic, whether those who are in the arena of elections or those who are outside the arena.
It is the second point that I would like to discuss, whether you or I will vote for the candidate's candidate or not.
We ourselves here, the devils of the world, are thinking that this election is a threat to the Islamic Republic.
They wanted to see if the people were acting in a way that the Islamic Republic was not affected by the fitna of the year 1388.
This is what the enemies of this nation want.
But they did not know about our people. They did not know about the Dey.
They wanted to preserve the power of the elections, so they hired experts to speak to the people through these media.
They used to say that elections had to be carried out by the people.
As for the people, they do not know us, they do not know our elections, they do not understand the Islamic Republic.
How is this possible in the capitalist countries?
In the capitalist countries, if you are not part of any of these two or three parties and if you support the capitalist and socialist elements with their firm and progressive characteristics, you will only win elections.
There are some people who do not have the support of the Zionists, they do not have the support of the global arrogance that is driven by the Zionists, they do not enter the arena of elections.
They do not have the luxury of spreading news without charge, nor do they have the luxury of having their own media outlets where they can pitch their ideas and plans.
Therefore, this is a huge sum which will disguise their entire projects within a single day."
In our country, if people are killed or tortured, they will be sent to different parts of the world to deliver messages to the people.
There is such a situation in the world?
The only thing that is allowed in the arena of elections is the law.
The law dictates that certain people can enter the arena of elections and others cannot.
The purpose of the legislation is to promote corruption.
This is done according to law.
These enemies spend day and night trying to divert the attention of the people from these issues.
However, by Allah's favor, the Iranian nation will answer these people's questions with its presence and will maintain its resistance.
The takers made a few exceptions for the takers and during the general elections the dear people voted for certain government projects, which was their right.
They could have said whatever they liked in their own minds, but in the real sense of the word, self-sacrifice and avoidance of wicked acts are what they are doing.
The Americans should pay attention to this point.
I call on the brothers who are trying to bring the people to their knees, and they should be fair in their words.
They did their work, but they did not give a bit of it to the people.
The more one's position is up, the more one's efforts will be.
In the present time, anybody who wants to take office in the country should start from the beginning because there have been great achievements made in the country.
The past 30 years, in different governments, there have been numerous construction projects.
It is wrong to dismiss such statements.
All of these things have been done in order to solve the problem of economic instability and we do not have to deal with the issue of sanctions.
However, if we want to take care of one of the problems, we need to not reveal all the things that have already been done.
This does not mean that we should stand by undoubtedly.
I seriously ask all the takers to explain what they were doing in the past year and what they were doing in those days.
You should be careful not to let the illusion that the government is responsible for the decisions and actions that are taken against these and those people.
You should clearly define what you can do.
In our country and according to our constitution, the president has a great power.
The capability of the President of the Islamic Republic of Iran to dictate is a great advantage.
The president is the person who decides the destiny of the country and all affairs in the country are in his hands.
The president and the president are involved in various arenas.
This is the duty of the Guardian Council.
It is only law that can dictate it, which is not law.
The law is a proactive, but not incriminating.
They should be honest with the people and they should explain what they need and what the people need.
If they had any plan and discipline, they would tell the people to follow them and they would give them the opportunity to try their hardest in order to carry out their responsibilities in the best possible way.
Some people make the mistake of thinking that we should cooperate with the enemy in order to decrease their anger.
They are investing in the interests of the people rather than the interests of the country.
The enmity of the enemies is due to your presence. Their enmity towards the Islamic Republic is due to the fact that the Imam's (r.a.) days are so close to the hearts and souls of the people of Iran.
This is the reason why they are so furious.
If our nation stands firm, if it can withstand the storms, if it can manage its current needs and if it can manage its economic situation, the enemy will not be defeated by surrendering to Iran.
In any case, what is important is firm determination, faith in God, by Allah's favor and by Allah's grace, self-confidence and cooperation - both in the arena of hard work and in the arena of individual achievements.
You dear brothers and sisters, the journey of the pilgrims is a great test and we hope that God willing, the pilgrims will enter the arena in the best possible way.
It is necessary to prepare ourselves for the sake of God and dignity.
Leader Khamenei Khamenei Khamenei
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
This applies to all European, North American and Caribbean youth.
The recent events in Egypt and the recent events in some other Western countries made it completely clear what to say and what not to say.
I speak to you, dear youth, not because I am opposed to you, but because you are the people who will determine the fate of our society and our country by relying on you.
I am not talking about current political situation or your government officials because I believe that they have completely undoubtedly changed their political path.
The Islamic view is generally accepted, especially in the areas that are related to Islam.
In the last decade or so - from the time of the exile of Tarayyar Sobiyeti - various efforts were made to portray this holy religion as a source of disgrace.
This is one of the dangerous things that has happened in the history of western political systems.
I would like to discuss the different kinds of hypocrisy that have been imposed on the hearts of the west today.
If you take a look at the biographies of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) companions, you see that they put an end to the oppression that western governments caused other nations and cultures.
The history of Europe and America has been made invulnerable by the accumulation of human rights, colonialism and discrimination against non-Christmas.
I have been witness to the widespread spread of Christianity and Islamophobia in the world, whether in the form of Christians and Protestants or in the form of different ethnic and linguistic groups during the Second World War.
The existence or lack of awareness of such a backwardness is not a matter of history.
Why do people not pay attention to what has happened in the recent centuries and what is happening today?
What stops people from recognizing important and fundamental issues such as customs, culture and Islamic thought?
You should know that corruption and arrogance - which is a pretext for the greed of other people - is a front that has been prepared for all these oppression and evil deception.
I would like to ask you, why is the current political atmosphere so hostile towards Islam and Muslims?
What do the system of hegemony mean in the modern world?
What are the factors that contribute to the idea that Islamic education is the basis of the global policy and values?
Therefore, the first thing that you should do is to ask yourself, "Who and why these great efforts are being made under the name of Islam?"
The second point is that when answering the question about the why of this great propaganda against Islam, people should try to understand this religion and their Islamic teachings.
I am not saying that you should trust anybody or anybody who knows about Islam or any Islamic ideology.
You should not allow them to tolerate your enemies under the flag of Islam.
You should understand Islam from its roots.
You should understand Islam by familiarity with the Holy Quran and the life of the Prophet of Islam (s.w.a.).
I would like to ask you, how long have you been holding up the lessons of the Holy Quran?
What do you know about the teachings of the Holy Prophet of Islam (may God hasten his re-appearance) and his moral and human rights?
What do you know you are following an Islamist movement in a different direction?
The Islamic Republic has been resisting in the face of various hardships, including the creation of an international Islamic seminary, the formation of an international Islamic think tank and the formation of an international Islamic seminary.
I would like to ask you not to use silly, biased and obstinate politicians in order to deceive you and prevent the genuine dialogue about justice.
In the 21st century, the communications have completely annihilated the existence of the borders between countries.
Although no one, on the one hand, will take advantage of the existing situation, each one of you can take issue with the existing situation and bring about justice and progress for the new situation.
Despite the fact that the ideological differences between Islam and you youth are deep, this can create new questions for your hearts when trying to find the truth.
The efforts that will be made in response to these questions will provide us with a valuable opportunity to see the realities.
Therefore, if you do not allow this opportunity to fully understand the essence of Islam, your efforts will be futile.
Sayid Ali Khamenei
Leader's the Leader Meets the Expediency Council - Khamenei.ir
Ayatol Ayatollah Ayatollah Ayatollah Khameneiollah Khamenei
The Leader's complete rejoinder to the general public on this issue is this:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, Merciful
Imam Dear Ayatollah Ahmadinejad,
The experience of your administration as the Leader of the Islamic Republic and the exceptional talents that you have gathered in this regard should not be underestimated.
Sayid Ali Khamenei
The Ayatollah Khamenei Ayatollah Khameneiollah Khamenei the Islamic Revolution, was in a meeting with thousands of Islamic students on March 20, 2011 at the age of
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate, pure and chosen household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who bestowed such a bright future on me and my dear people, whether the people of Mashhad or those who came to visit or my dear brothers and sisters who live in other parts of the world.
I would like to congratulate all of you on the occasion of Nurouz and the arrival of the new year. I hope that the year that we are entering will be an auspicious year for the people of Iran by the means of divine understanding and fear of God.
There are certain things that I would like to discuss with you dear brothers and sisters.
First, we have to look at the historical background of our country, our people and countries and the events that have taken place in the world and the region.
The reason why we speak about the events of the year 1390 is because the Iranian nation has been the target of the greed of the enemies and the arrogant powers.
The heads of arrogance and arrogant powers - who have made use of all their power - including financial, financial, propaganda and political - to deceive the Iranian nation.
If we take a look at the disinformation and propaganda broadcast by the enemies of the Iranian nation, we can see that they are making futile efforts through various methods: political efforts, military efforts, and other such efforts.
Their enemies really want to make use of the idea that they can, that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was the righteous Imam and the Revolution's Guards Corps had bestowed a firm determination on the hearts of the people and they were not able to do anything.
They have made all their efforts in order to achieve this goal.
I would like to make everybody aware that the future is bright and that the Iranian nation and its progress will make all the world happy and that the people of the world will tell the truth about the Iranian nation and its progress.
The reason why we are here to talk about the nuclear achievements is to prove to our people that the Iranian nation is capable of achieving these things.
This does not mean that we are weaker. It does not mean that we are weaker.
We introduced the year 1390 as "The Year of Economic Jihad", and this year we will start from economic issues.
The performance of the officials of the country in the arena of economic valor and the spirit of unity that people demonstrated throughout the year is something that cannot be underestimated.
One of the things that can be done in this regard is to create a policy that shows the goals of the government.
The outstanding personalities of the country - both in the government and in the private sector - had agreed that implementing economic policies was necessary in the country.
And although this was agreed upon by both sides, the issue of the borders remains untreated because of the difficulties it faces.
The problem with the current regime is that it is not defending itself, but that the people and government officials - both in the government and in the Majlis - see the positive results and that there is urgent work to be done.
The people have heard these things, but they should be extremely cautious in this regard.
One of the goals of this initiative is to improve the public opinion of the government in a fair way.
It is not possible to separate the different groups of people from one another by separating them.
I deem it necessary to gather a few facts from different sectors of the country to point to the fact that this has played a role in the life of the dear people of our country.
This is one of the goals of this initiative and the other is the most important goal of this bill.
The other goal is to improve the quality of production and the economy of the country.
The philosophers of the world of economy - who have all passed on the issue of economic valor - can fix this by combining their analyses of the market and the tallafinity of production.
The other goal is to use the existing technology in a perfect way.
We are far away from a source of oil that is rich in terms of its content, and we have long been consuming oil without making a mistake.
We have benefitted from many of the blessings of the world, and we can claim that it is more than all the countries of the world.
The fitna, which is a firm and conscious determination, shows us that if we don't have discipline and if we don't have prepared the ground for this discipline, the outcomes will not be the same as those used to be used to be used in the modern world.
When we do not have access to domestic products, what can we do about that?
We should be careful not to let the Iranian nation pass over the Iranian nation's vigilance by the enemy.
The result was that we managed to plant the seeds in the country, and the productivity was up to par with the market.
This was the case in the year 1390 when our enemies made use of all their power to defeat our nation.
However, the youth of our nation have made a lot of efforts and they managed to clear the enemy's plot.
The important and significant work that was done in the field of knowledge and technology was a result of the determined efforts of the people.
The economy of knowledge and innovation is one of the main pillars of stability and power.
When a nation enjoys knowledge and progress, it will have access to wealth and political power.
Because the importance of the scientific and technological progress and the conquering of the peaks, I deem it necessary to mention this point in the meeting.
I receive different reports every week from different sources and I can tell you that the progress of the Iranian nation is not comparable to what we have seen so far.
The scientific progress that has been made in the world according to reports by global centers - which are not our centers of knowledge - is the accelerated progress that is being made in Iran.
In a year 1390 which was almost entirely in the shade of the year 1388, the Iranian nation went through a great test in order to obtain more knowledge than it did in the year 2010 and this progress was defeated in the year 1388.
The situation became so bad that the enemies of the Iranian nation were saying that they had imposed sanctions on the Iranian nation.
In their reports - the official report on the scientific progress of the country in the world - they say that Iran is the first country to make quantum leaps in the world.
The following is a report by a number of people whose sources were not mentioned in the report and who were able to give an accurate and accurate analysis of the events happening in the year 1390.
This is the mistake that was made in the year 1389 by the Americans and their allies and mercenaries.
We should do something to prepare the ground for the nuclear research that is being carried out in Tehran and the research that is being carried out in the country is very valuable.
They made a number of efforts to give us uranium, but we insisted that we should export the uranium to countries where we have sourced it.
The Brazil The Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil Brazil and the United States, met this morning with our President and signed a Memorandum of Understanding.
However, after the passage of a few years, the Americans did not want to sign the COvID-19 and they wanted to find an excuse to ambush the Islamic Republic.
The failure of the Americans to fulfill their commitments resulted in that Brazil and the United States were collapsed.
This year they managed to make an atomic bomb that was defeated by the nuclear power plant of Iran and announced it to the world.
They knew that the medical centre was established in order to provide medical services to the patients and researchers who were needed in the country.
We have gathered the necessary elements.
The process was difficult and difficult, but it was carried out and we can see the widespread production of different kinds of products in Tehran and the countryside.
This was the case in the year 1390.
During the reign of the taghut, when the foreigners used to say something like that you should give up in front of the camera, they used to say something like that you should give up in front of the camera and that Rasha is the one who is going to be killed.
This was the case in the year 1390.
The spread of the alphabet, the production of textiles and leather, the production of domestic goods and the services that were rendered by the people all these things happened in the 1390s.
These are part of the achievements of the "Bleaching Era" [The Year of Economic Jihad].
These are progress in knowledge, progress in technology and many other factors, but all of these factors have a profound effect on the economy of the country.
In the beginning of the year 1390, right after Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) funeral, I visited the institute on the occasion of Labor Week.
I have seen many advances in different areas - which are tangible in many areas - that are not just centered on one place.
First, it is the spirit of jihad that is embodied by the individuals who are involved in this arena.
They are acting in a spirit of jihad, just like those who are in the arena of jihad for the sake of God.
There is no difference between those who work for the sake of God and those who are doing their job for the sake of money, fame and wealth.
This is a very important and important thing.
The second advantage is that our politicians have turned these sanctions against our people into opportunities.
As I said in my previous meeting, some people expressed gratitude for us being granted such blessings.
This spirit of sense of responsibility that the enemy sees as an opportunity is very valuable and important.
The third advantage that I discovered at that time was that I was witness to great self-confidence.
Some of our outstanding scientific and technical centers are of a third world country, and not many of our people have access to them.
We have fallen behind in the face of this great test and this hardship for many years.
However, I see that some of our men are very determined and say that we can.
It is very valuable to establish a relationship between a nation and its intellectuals and youth.
That is to say, one characteristic of women is their sincerity.
It is in the hands of the youth.
The youth are the foundation and the basis of innovation.
The other characteristic that I have is the strong relationship between the Iranian nation and the government, which is what I expected from them.
I always advise different governments that are close to the people and that they should try to create a bond between the people and governments.
Fortunately, today I am witness to that level of cooperation.
Of Of Of course, by relying on our outstanding scientific and technical officials, we will help our country make progress as a result of this cooperation.
This was the case in the year 1390, from the beginning to the end of the year 1390.
The mercenaries of the US government are now trying all over the world to deploy this takfiri government in order to harm the Iranian nation and create a rift between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
There were other great achievements made in the year 1390, such as the diplomatic efforts that were made in the region during the year 1390.
The Islamic Revolution's Conference, the International Conference on Global Fight Against Terrorism, the International Conference on Global Unity and the International Conference on Youth and Islamic Awakening - these are among the things that have been done in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic Islamic Republic has always been a watchful eye of the world of Islam, which has become increasingly aware.
In the agricultural sector, several houses have been built to serve the people.
This is a very important point.
These are the characteristics that have been created during the past 30 years in order to create justice.
However, despite the machinations of the enemies and their hypocritical claims, the nation has kept its solidity.
I hope the people will be present when the second round of the elections will be held.
This election is very important.
I would tell you that as I have said many times before, the enemy has spent about six months trying to deploy the hostages.
They used to say that if the people go to the ballot boxes, the Iranian nation will be granted immunity.
When our enemies kill our people - in a month and a half - it is their goal to assassinate our people.
During the past four years, the number of the people who passed the bill in the National Assembly (NJ) have not been more than 40 percent.
You should compare this with the Iranian nation.
The 13th of Esfand was supposed to be the bubbling spring between the people and the Islamic Republic, but they turned their backs on the people and the Islamic Republic.
This election was a clear and accurate narrative test.
They used to discredit Iranian media, dismiss Iranian propaganda and deny the veracity of the facts, but they could not do so.
This is something that has already happened to the people.
This election was like a test for the credibility of the Iranian nation and the Islamic system in international communities.
This was what the enemy was doing in the year 1390.
These are some of the achievements of the Iranian nation in the year 1390.
Since when the issue of nuclear power was discussed, the enemies have faked this.
They know that Iran is not going to develop a nuclear weapon.
This is the truth. This is the reason why we do not want to build another nuclear power plant.
What What What What What What What What is???
The main characteristic of the Islamic Republic is its resistance in the face of the hardships that Allah has caused for this country.
The brakes of power - which have been used to power the economy, politics and military equipment - are dim-witted.
The gas station in the world will always need to be powered by the people of Iran.
The arrogant powers of the world know that their life is a mixture of oil and gas.
Whenever they find themselves in a situation in which they are unable to do anything, they will resort to the means that they have learnt from in order to do something.
The oil industry of some countries is in a dire situation and may be deprived of vitality for a few years, a few decades, and a few decades.
The future may be definite and certainty, but the Americans’ future will be definite and certainty is that they will not allow us to witness anything.
They will be buying oil from the Persian Gulf and the Gulf of Oman which is the busiest source of oil in the world.
Their oil and gas resources will be found in the three winds of our region, the Gulf of our homeland and the Persian Gulf.
The Islamic Republic of Iran is one of the most advanced and prominent countries in the world.
Some countries are far more powerful than us, and others are far more powerful.
The world of gas is our second largest source of power, and the world of oil is our third largest source of power.
This is a source of disgrace for the countries that are using it, and for the arrogant powers whose entire life is based on steel, clay, and gas.
It is difficult to imagine not noticing that the Islamic Republic of Iran has lost its prestige in the world of Islam for the last five decades.
It is a country that is exporting oil, and what the arrogant powers want.
They want the country to be like a government and a system that is completely independent of the people of the region, just like the so-called "third powers".
If in Iran, a country that is rich in oil and gas, there is a well-established and strong government that is prepared to resist against the enemy's invasion, a government that is willing to surrender to the enemy's invasion and is not willing to give in to the provocation of the enemy, those governments will surrender to the Islamic system.
The people who thought that if we turned back on nuclear issues, the US would have completely annihilated their nuclear agreements with us, should have turned their back on this fact.
Their problems are not related to nuclear issues.
There are some countries that are very interested in atomic weapons and they are present in our region, but they are not discussed.
Therefore, this is not the issue of atomic weapons or their creation.
The problem that the Islamic Republic is faced with is that they are unable to fight against it.
If the Islamic Republic as well as certain other countries of the region had acted in a way that incentives and encourages Muslim nations, they would have been running out of their seeds.
This is the reason why they are so opposed to the Iranian nation.
course, it is wrong to think that the Americans are stupid.
They make a mistake in thinking that by threatening the Islamic Republic, they can force it to retreat or defeat the Islamic Republic.
The west does not allow its nations to fully understand the challenges they face in the glorious battlefields of the country.
They do not want our people to know what is waiting for them in the arena of economy and politics.
They thought that they would cooperate with the Iranian nation in different areas.
I would tell you dear people, dear brothers and sisters, dear Iranian people that America and all the arrogant powers of the world - with their power and with their greed - are at fault for the present time.
I am not suggesting the introduction of any kind of secret or special information to the general public.
You should consider how the new administration is perceived by the Americans.
Why Why Why does this Why does this
I just want to say that we are in a bad situation and that this situation should be changed.
In spite of the impurities that appeared and grew, the people stepped in and voted for the cause of this nation.
The effect of this shift in society is indicative of the conditions.
Therefore, we can say that the situation is weak.
I am not saying this, the Americans are just saying what they are talking about.
This person suddenly lost his trust in the government, what was the result?
Why can Is it possible to?
This lack of awareness or lack of awareness affects the production of domestic products.
This is a tragic thing for a country.
This is the policy of these enemies: they have forced them to leave Iraq without any results.
In Muslim countries, Egypt, North Africa, Tunisia and Sudan, honor has been worshiped in the eyes of the Americans.
The same is true of the Wall Street movement that has emerged out of the United States.
Why Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is this a good thing?
Therefore, America is faced with serious problems.
The devil of America is threatening other countries.
I would like to stress that we do not have nuclear facilities and we do not have any nuclear weapons, but we will respond to any aggression - whether American or the Zionist regime - with the appropriate response and we will fight against it.
The Holy Quran has warned us that our people who are unbelievers and who have strayed away from the truths, will not get the message and will not be listened to.
The path of God is an endless path, and You will not be able to tread the path of God except by the assistance of the Imam of the Age (a.s.).
It is not in the Quran that the Exalted says that if you start a war and go after the victory, you will achieve victory.
However, God has promised that when the enemy starts attacking you, it will definitely be defeated.
It is not the case that this is the case in the beginning of the Islamic Revolution.
The Iranian nation has deployed its forces in a determined and selfless way.
When you are active in the domestic arena, you support Iranian labor, you create jobs and you support the investments of the Iranian nation.
This practice is wrong. The fact that we - and other parts of our society - are dependent on foreign products is harmful for our world, our progress and our future.
Our government is responsible to raise the quality of our domestic products to an acceptable level.
Therefore, our government officials have a plan in their hands and they can use this plan to further national production.
These two elements - both the people who are invested in the country and those who have the talent for hard work - should join hands to work.
You should be active in the marketplace and in the service of national production.
We should not be proud of exporting products from foreign countries to our own country.
I have heard that some of the products that are produced in certain cities are exported and then we will be asked to return them to us.
If the Iranian product is available to us in a shop, we may not even dare to buy it from him, but if he wears the picture of the Faran to his face, he may even dare to criticize that great movement or that event which happened in Iran.
The issue of domestic production is very important.
In the arena of production, the most important task is in the hands of the people.
You dear brothers and sisters, we all need unity and solidarity in the country.
There are certain things that produce discord and differences of opinion.
When discussing the issue of two sides, one may conclude that the views of the two sides are different.
It is necessary to stand up against one's disagreements.
The Holy Quran tells us that we should not divide our issues into primary and secondary issues, saying, "And if you divide your issues into primary and secondary issues, your enemies will get the ball rolling." [The Holy Quran, 8: 77] If we divide our issues into primary and secondary issues, our enemies will get the ball rolling.
The weakness of our enemies over the past few decades is a result of their unwillingness to cooperate.
The Commander of the Faithful (a.s.) teaches us a lesson: Whoever asks for truth and gets the wrong answer, he is not to be trusted.
The majority of the people are opposed to the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Revolution.
It is different from the person who opposes the Islamic Republic and is against it.
You should create pessimism in the hearts of the people, in the minds of the youth and in the youth of the country.
We should focus on educating our youth on the principles of Islamic morality.
It is necessary to avoid making unreasonable accusations against our revolutionary youth by having certain expectations for them.
I deem all the dear youth of the country and the dear revolutionary youth as my children and I support them.
Everybody should respect the law.
The Islamic Republic has its roots in the Islamic Republic.
This is true of Iranian officials.
The body of the Assembly of Experts is the body of the Assembly of Experts.
This does not mean that all of them are stupid.
I hope that the year 1391 will be an auspicious year for the Iranian nation.
Dear God, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, bestow Your guidance on our dear youth and our dear people.
De Allah Dear God, punish and suppress the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on this great nation and its determination to the desired goals.
The Ayatollah Khamenei the the the the the the the the the Islamic Revolution delivered a speech on March 21, 2013 at the Supreme Leader's shrine in Imam Ridha (a.s.) city of
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and blessings and greetings be upon the Master of the creatures, Muhammad al-Mustafa and his immaculate family and his chosen companions.
Greetings be upon Fatimah Zahra- the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) daughter and upon her husband and children.
I would like to extend my congratulations to all the dear brothers and sisters who participated in this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will hasten our hearts and souls to the desired results.
The Norouz Day is a perfect occasion for me to come together with you dear people of Norouz and discuss the issues of the country, the present time and the future.
The dear brothers and sisters should pay attention to the point that I mentioned earlier.
There are other nations that are happy with us, and they are proud of our achievements.
If we reach a victory, they will feel proud of us and if a situation ails them, they will feel angry and sad.
And there are some people in the world who are interested in our work, but they are opposed to the first kind of competition.
They are looking for an interview with the Iranian nation.
They are the people who have ruled the entire country for many years and they control the affairs of the country.
The Islamic Revolution closed their eyes.
Therefore, they oppose this Revolution and the Islamic Republic."
We are conditioned to have faith in humanity.
Therefore, when we look at our current and future plans, we should consider our historical and correct positions as well.
Some of our people when they look at the situation of the country, they see certain things.
They are unhappy about the declining domestic production, the reduction in domestic consumption in certain areas, and the increased machinations made by the enemies.
I have a different view of labor.
When I take a look at the situation of our country and the people, I see that in spite of their enmities, the Iranian nation has managed to make progress in this area despite the enmities of the enemies.
There are no weaknesses in the country, and there are no problems in the country.
The secretary of state's deputy, who was then the secretary of defense in the US, once again said that they wanted to find an excuse to deceive the Islamic Republic.
I have said to them many times that they should do what they should do.
Therefore, the enemy has pursued a policy of enabling the enemy in the face of the Iranian nation's resistance.
When one looks at the arena of hard work and hard work, one realizes that the arena of hard work will be filled with valuable achievements in the near future.
The people who are leading the great movement in front of our eyes - the Iranian nation.
If somebody enters the arena of good sportsmanship and conducts a good test, he will be praised by the Iranian nation.
There are certain politicians, outstanding academics and people who know what is going on in the world and they all are talking to the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to pay attention to all these efforts which have been made throughout the country and to the result that will be achieved in them.
What are these people?
I will briefly speak about this issue later on.
The obstacles that lie in the way of the progress of the Iranian nation in all arenas have two main reasons.
They will do this through the means of sanctions, threats, deceit, and interference.
In his recent statements, the US President referred to the economic problems of the country, not the achievements of the country.
They used to say that the Iranian economy was fading, there were no problems in the country.
I would like to discuss the good achievements of the Iranian nation in this meeting, but I do not want to discuss the great achievements of the Iranian nation in the last 30 years.
This year 1391 was a record for us in terms of the intensified work and efforts which our enemies made.
They said that they wanted to restore the Iranian nation to its normalcy.
If the Islamic Republic stands firm and is disciplined, its honor will be doubled.
Therefore, if they can, they should not do so.
It is now as if these two elements are interfering in the course of one another's progress with the help of threats, sanctions, and other such things.
We said that there are enemies.
They who are these enemies?
I am the source of this plot hatched by the Iranian nation?
The answer to this question is not difficult.
It is 30 years now that the hearts and souls of the Iranian nation are on the brink of the fall of the US regime.
The dear American officials should realize that over the past 30 years, the Iranian nation has come to know certain things which have made them interested in the enemies of the Iranian nation.
This is a very important thing and every government that wants to live in a happy world should pay attention to it.
They are the source of this plot and enmity.
There were other kinds of enemies, but they were not considered as the first kind of enemies.
The Zionists are our enemies, but the Zionists do not want us to be considered among the enemies of the Iranian nation.
The Islamic Republic will bomb "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" in a spiteful way, just as it used to do in the past.
The The Nigerian regime also hates the Iranian nation.
A lot of the enemies of the Iranian nation were Americans, but the British government was an American mercenary.
The British government has never been independent, and it appears to be the biggest and the most evil enemy of the United States.
There are certain governments that are atheistic.
I would like to inform that during the recent years, the officials of the Faranshah regime have shown their enmity and enmity towards the Iranian nation.
The right person, especially the politician, should not make a mistake in the face of a non-Muslim person like himself.
We have never had a problem with the government and the country, nor have we ever had a problem with the country.
It is wrong to think that this is a mistake and to make futile efforts.
When they speak, the Americans refer to the "third force" as the "third force". They put some countries in the "third force" - namely, America, the Zionists, the British government and other governments.
The world does not trust Iran and the Islamic Ummah. The 13th of Aban - the year 1391 - should be regarded as an extremely important and sensitive period.
Since the beginning of this year 1391, they have been imposing extremely tough sanctions on the Iranian nation.
They are prepared to show enmity and they hope that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are the enemies of the Iranian nation and that they are not trustworthy.
In my last meeting with the people of this province, Imam Ali (a.s.) said in his inauguration address that you should be careful not to let your enthusiasm and enthusiasm overwhelm your friendship.
The American regime has promised some senior executive officials to speak to the international community and negotiate with the heads of the companies to avoid a bad relationship with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
And they should punish them for establishing a financial and economic relationship with the Islamic Republic.
They had been doing this since the beginning of the year 1391, particularly from the month of Mordad.
This is something which I have repeated several times before - in the past few months - that the Americans are saying to me that they are not sure that the sanctions will affect them.
We found out that our economy depends on oil.
We should divide our economic activities into primary and secondary activities, and our government should integrate these activities into their planning.
We have been waiting for years to tell the government that they should create a system in which we can safely restrain our reign.
In those days, certain people were asking themselves, "Who did those things think?"
That is to say, it is necessary to be constantly vigilant.
If the economy of a country enjoys a special significance, the enemies will pay attention to it.
The sanctions were effective, but they were not the kind of power that the enemy wanted.
I will briefly speak about the issues of the economy and political issues.
The governments of the United States and the United Kingdom should be careful not to let the Islamic Republic play a role in confronting the regional and international issues.
They only expected what was expected.
The Islamic Republic of Iran has been defeated by an unarmed group of peoples in the world.
They all were very proud of the Iranian nation.
They told us this, and our newspapers and the people deny this.
This is exactly what the enemies of the Iranian nation want.
They could not do anything.
Their policy orientation was to create doubts in the Iranian nation's mind and to create a rift between the nation and the Islamic Republic.
On Bahman 22, the Iranian nation was defeated in the face of various kinds of attacks and demonstrations expressing its opposition to the Islamic and revolutionary system.
In the arena of security, they made everything they could to harm the national security system, and government officials took absolute charge in the media interviews that they gave the reporters.
In the political arena of the region, they wanted to disguise the negative effects of the Islamic Republic.
In the regional political arena, they have proven that there is no regional issue which can be resolved without the presence of Iran and their cooperation.
The Zionist regime's attack on Gaza is an after-product of its long-standing resistance.
The Palestinians did not say - and we did not say - that they were not prepared to resist the Islamic Republic and its power.
And during the Sacred Defense Era, the Palestinians managed to break away from the walls of the Zionist regime.
I said that the efforts which they made will not have a huge impact on the country.
The sanctions did not bring the Iranian nation to its knees in terms of their capabilities.
The young generation managed to make great achievements without having to depend on the government.
The construction projects which have been carried out on different fronts: in the construction sector, in the energy sector, in the production sector, in the electricity sector, in the manufacturing sector, in the electricity industry and in many other areas.
We managed to make great progress in the area of knowledge in the year 1391.
In the arena of knowledge and technology, last year was a recorded year for the people who believe in achieving a good future for the country.
In the beginning of this year, they were trying to deceive the Iranian nation, but they saw that in the beginning of this year, our dear youth and intellectuals made a lot of efforts to bring the human beings to their knees.
When this railed bird entered the arena and returned to its natural habitat, it was greeted by the people of the world and it was considered a thriving sport.
But However, by the time the truth became clear for everyone, they realized that they had no choice but to accept it.
In the field of health and medicine there have been great achievements made in the areas related to the health of the people.
In the field of biodiversity, we are the second largest producer in the region.
The great achievements were made, and there were some valuable resources.
These are the things that have been done in the Iranian nation so that it can safeguard its good fortunes and human achievements.
We have been pioneers in different areas.
In the arena of knowledge and scientific output, the country has grown more than ever before, just how much more than last year.
In the year 1391, students of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) religious seminary graduated five times more than they did in the beginning of the Revolution.
That is to say, the total number of our students graduated this year has been nearly five times more than the total number of students enrolled in our university last year.
This is a great achievement that the Iranian nation has made.
In water and atmosphere, in the field of natural resources, in the field of minerals and energy, and in the field of nuclear power, the country has made great achievements.
This were achieved in a year in which the enemies of the Iranian nation made all the efforts that they could to defeat the Iranian nation.
There were great blessings in the year 1391 and these blessings showed that a nation stays in power and is not threatened by the pressures and sanctions of the enemies.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that what is important in a nation is its faith in God and reliance on it.
This is the foundation that will be established.
The 13th of Aban represents the stage of jihad and selfless struggle.
We know their weakness, but that is the characteristic of firmness.
When it comes to the Armed Forces, the Army has to identify its strength.
We have grown weak and we have fallen behind.
This weakness is a result of the relying on our own power - which I said was one of our weaknesses - on political, economic, social and cultural factors that affect our daily lives.
The officials who are in charge of the government - the officials who are in charge of the presidential elections and the officials who will attend the presidential elections this year - should pay attention to this point.
The other important point that I would like to discuss is that the foundation of the country is strong.
When the enemy is powerful, it will not be able to affect the enemies much.
If the esteemed officials of the country - who have clearly identified their responsibility in the appropriate way - manage to fulfill their responsibilities appropriately, they will be able to turn threats into opportunities.
In the future, we will see the result of the actions of our government officials and the people of our country in the year 1391.
The issue of the economy is an important issue, and I have discussed this issue in detail in a number of recent meetings.
If knowledge grows in the country, all other things will be able to do.
The existence of power in a country is important.
We have made progress in all areas.
In the area of security or in the area of health, great achievements have been made both in the area of national development and in the area of tackling different regional problems.
The American nation has proven that its reliance on the US does not mean staying in the game.
The powers of the world and the domineering powers - today that powers are dominated by the domineering powers - want to show to the people of the world that if you want a good life and progress, you must be at the top of your life.
the Iranian nation has proven this.
Our nation has proven that the reliance on America and other powers does not just stop us from moving forward.
There are some countries that are very close to America.
We have been witness to many of these things during the past 30 years.
And anybody who has studied this will understand that the reliance on the powers of the world is a great opportunity for a nation, but it is not a threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation has made the necessary moves.
We continued doing this at another stage and saw his progress.
The examples abound in the labs of the Tehranian center for development of sensitive nuclear research and the demands of the country.
This karamelled cigar does need the fuel, and when we don't have this fuel, we move ahead with it.
They should make an effort to achieve this national goal.
However, before the case became an unpleasant reality, our youth and outstanding personalities prepared themselves to take the necessary measures to counter the impure demands of this administration.
Our enemies do not want us to talk about it.
However, when our government officials realized these needs, they invested, they prepared and they managed to strengthen the resistance of the Iranian nation.
When they think that the Islamic Republic will come to their rescue when they are forced to shed the blood of the war veterans, they are not listening to the Islamic Republic.
If our intellectuals and youth did not do this today, we would be submerged in lack of self-confidence and in weakness in the face of the people who are opposed to us, we would be submerged in their mercenary and mercenary ways and we would be submerged in their desperation.
The officials of the country quickly identified the problem and they made the necessary moves.
Therefore, we have managed to achieve progress. Therefore, the government should play a key role in all affairs of the country.
The spreadsheets that they write should be in this area.
If they were to focus their efforts on production or research, they would be in the wrong hands.
The responsibility of all of us is to build the country in a way that we can play a role in the hands of the enemies.
We should preserve this capacity.
In the arena of resistance, one of the most important things is to make the economy resistant to threats.
It is necessary that the economy of the 21st century prepares itself for the face of the enemies' threats.
This is the first point that I would like to raise.
The second point is that the Americans are constantly telling different lies about the nuclear issue.
I have been informed that on the occasion of the 5+1 summit, America and the Islamic Republic will hold another meeting in Tehran and I do not have any hopes of losing this meeting.
Why? Why does it matter?
The experience of our negotiating team shows that negotiating in the US is not about finding a way to go about it, no matter what the direction is.
The purpose of these negotiations is to shed some light on the issues that we discussed yesterday.
Therefore, we have always maintained that this is not a negotiating arena.
I have no hope of meeting the people like these, but I have not been able to do so.
That is to say, there are certain things that have to be done.
The first point is that the Americans constantly bombard us with messages in which they say that they are not interested in the Islamic Republic.
We say, "It is clear to us that you do not have access to the Islamic system or Islamic principles.
When you are in charge of the Islamic Republic and you openly speak about it, you can definitely do something, but in the process, you cannot do anything.
The second point is that the Americans have always told us that we should participate in the negotiations.
That is to say, we really like talking to you and negotiating with you on the basis of intelligence.
I told them: I have told you many times that we are not the solution to the problem of armed defense, but that you are the solution to the problem.
What is the reason why we can’t accept what you say?
When you are not prepared to give an accurate and timely response to a statement that might cause unnecessary reactions, what is the reason why you condemn what you say?
Our understanding of the negotiating process with the Americans is a clear indication of the fact that they are negotiating with the people of the world and our own country.
You should be sure that this is not the case.
How Why should you care?
I would like to inform that one of their current goals is to promote the idea that certain people from the Leader's meeting went to America and some of the people from the meeting went to America.
This is a propaganda tool and a warning.
It is now that no one from the Islamic camp is speaking to them.
The third point â€“ which is related to the experience and the preparedness of us â€“ is that the US has not been interested in ending the nuclear negotiations.
The Americans did not want to end this nuclear negotiation and resolve the problem of the Iranian nation.
The only thing that Iran is opposed to is the fact that the world has accepted his nuclear rights as well.
The powers that oppress the Iranian nation should be satisfied with the fact that the Iranian nation has the right to safeguard its nuclear activities in order to create a healthy environment for its country.
The honor belongs to you.
They said that they were at the brink of making a nuclear attack.
They are like human beings who have their roots in other parts of the world.
They used to say that the "third force" was involved in arrogance.
A'fa, the world does not have such a problem.
The most important reason why many countries throughout the world are opposed to the Islamic Republic and our movement is that the Iranian nation has a right to be opposed.
They should accept the nuclear rights of Iran, and they should also respect the international nuclear treaties.
If we start attacking the cause of the problem, the Americans will do something to stop us from attacking the cause of the problem.
Their goal as far as we can remember is to make sure that the situation continues to develop in a way that they can take action against it.
These demands are like the slogans that they have repeatedly used for the Iranian nation.
The fourth point that I would like to discuss is that if the Americans really wanted to resolve the issue of Iraq, they would have to present a solution.
This means is: America should disguise its enmity towards the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want to resolve the problems between us - as they say - they need to resolve the issue of Iranophobia and America's enmity towards us.
The different governments of the United States and the Iranian nation have wrongly interpreted the relationship between Iran and the international community and have introduced various kinds of drugs into the Iranian nation.
Since the beginning of the Revolution and the formation of the Islamic Republic, they have been making constant efforts.
In the defense, they prepared the ground for our defense: they prepared the ground for our defense, they desecrateed our public places, they went after the heads of our enemies for many years; they designed the manner for our economy to be affected.
I advise the officials of America to refrain from this path.
There is another point that I would like to discuss: the issue of elections.
The elections in our country are the manifestation of our political will.
The result of the elections is a manifestation of political will.
The elections are the manifestation of national determination.
Therefore, by taking advantage of the elections, the enemies of the Iranian nation are trying to create problems in the Iranian nation's elections.
They have plans in place to prevent people from voting, killing them and intimidating them.
Our enemies have always tried to deceive our elections - both elections for the Assembly of Experts and for the National Elections.
There were other things in the forest when the elections were held.
I will briefly speak about this issue later on.
First of all, the important point on the ballot boxes is that the presence of the people and their voices during the elections is very important.
The popular movement in the elections can greatly reduce the enemy's threats - it can lead the enemy to sympathy and it can even threaten the security of the country.
We should all know that their presence in the arena of elections will affect the future of the country greatly.
This is the first point, and by Allah's grace, grace and favor, the Iranian nation has managed to hold the elections to a high standard.
The second point is that all parties and all individuals who believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a responsibility of everybody.
The elections are not on the basis of a particular party or political party.
These elections should be carried out by all those who believe in the Islamic Republic and in the national unity of the country and who are concerned about the future of this country and the progress of the nation.
The fact that the Revolution's Guards Corps has stood by the elections is a clear indication of their opposition to the system.
The third point is that the people's opinion and decision-making will be influenced by the elections.
You dear people should conduct independent, impartial and friendly elections wherever you can.
I have no option but to elect a candidate.
I, like many others, have a right to vote as long as I can, and this right to vote before the elections is something that I do not want anyone to know.
The people who were present on the ballot boxes during the elections should see these marks to understand who I am voting for.
If someone says this, it is not a lie.
The interesting thing that you do in these meetings and the interesting and exciting information that they provide - that is to say, the kind of communication that is used by different people in this meeting.
The more one's information is, the more one's messages will be.
I reported that this might have been the case on the day of elections, during the time of about a million messages.
You should be careful not to let your reputation depend on such things.
It is possible for any individual or political party to harass other party members through such means.
It is possible to advise and help one another in this regard.
It is the willpower and the willpower of the people that are determined to deliver the message.
The fourth point is that in the case of elections which are not online, everybody should be vigilant and respectful of the law.
The problem that happened in the year 1388 - that was a source of disgrace for the country and a source of disgrace for the people - resulted from that lack of respect for the law.
It may be that the people's opinion of the world is different from what I believe, but it is necessary to respect that opinion.
It is necessary to appreciate what the majority of the people can do.
It is necessary to implement these laws.
We call people to abstain from voting simply because what they are doing is in line with what they want.
This is a lesson for the Iranian nation.
The final point is that everybody should know that what we need from the President is a good point of departure which will remove any shortcomings.
The president of a country should always present the solution that the country needs, but not the solution that is righteous.
The power of determination varies in intensity and in weakness.
The heads of state - both the current and the future - have different capacities and weakness.
The president should prioritise the issues that are important to the country as well as the Islamic Republic of Iran's future.
The governments that we have, should move forward in a conscious way.
The people who are prepared to enter the arena should make use of all their power, faith in God and the power of their nation.
Dear God, prepare the means that are necessary for the people of this country.
De Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with all of us.
De Dear God, associate the immaculate soul of the Imam (r.a.) with the souls of our martyrs.
Dear God, make all the things that I said to you due to my kai and ta'farka and acceptance of your grace.
the Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Meets Ayatollah Khamenei - Khamenei.
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to congratulate the dear brothers who are working on different sectors of the economy of the country on this opportunity.
The purpose of this meeting is to raise an important point which is related to the issue of economic valor in this sensitive part of the world and in the hereafter.
We would like to see a day when the officials of the government, the private sector and different other sectors of the country would come together to discuss the issue of economy and economic dynamism in a meeting and I would like to see government officials, the private sector and different other sectors come together to discuss this issue in a meeting and I will show a few examples later on.
This is the first point, and I will explain all this to the participants of this meeting.
This is a message to everybody - the officials in charge of the economy and the people who should be responsible in all sectors of the country and the people who should pay attention to the issue of economic matters.
The second advantage which this meeting brought about and which is thankfully being followed up today is that it provides the opportunity for non-governmental officials to present their report on the current state, the progress of the country and the general issues of the country to the people.
I do not say that we should constantly speak about progress.
I would tell you that I am in a relationship with the people.
The things that you discussed in the meeting - which I have prepared and will be presented to you inshamed of by Allah the Exalted - are generally good and they have a good narrative.
The great achievement of the Iranian nation is a source of pride for the Iranian nation.
The progress is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made good progress in the area of production, in the area of service, in the area of agriculture, in the area of capital and in many other areas.
The people will hear these statements from different government officials, and this raises the self-confidence of the people more than anything else.
I would like to make all of us aware that today one of the most dangerous tools of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to assassinate people.
This should not be written down in the dictionary of divine blessings and sacrifices.
The point is that we have made progress as a result of various failures.
First, we named the year 1390 as "The Year of Economic Jihad".
The policy of the arrogant powers is to harm the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in the arena of economic matters.
They faked the nuclear issue in order to get economic sanctions, but that was not the issue.
The Americans made a mistake when they issued the first nuclear sanctions, which were the first sanctions imposed on the country.
It is not a very important issue, but in spite of the fact that it is the most important issue in the world, the sanctions issued under the name of “D'Amato” - which is the sanctions issued by a particular person in the US Senate - are a limited and unprecedented sanction.
The purpose of the sanctions is to suppress the economy of the country.
However, our nation has thankfully paid the price for this privilege over the past two decades.
It is 30 years now that the issue of the exchanging sanctions has not been discussed in the country, but because of the different construction projects that have been carried out in the country, the issue of increasing sanctions has become non-existent.
Therefore, it is necessary to identify the enemy.
However, this does not necessitate a jihad on the issue of economy.
It is not a ceremonial movement carried out under the name of jihad.
It is a movement that is called jihad.
The struggle for such a courageous goal is one of the essential principles of jihad.
This movement is called jihad.
Therefore, the economy of resistance means continuing and strengthening the resistance of the Iranian nation against the enemies' attacks.
And another issue is that in the framework of the growth of the country - which is a very important and fundamental measure in the growth of the country - we have introduced a system of progressive growth in all areas, particularly in social areas.
The members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps will not sit by and watch us grow up.
The first step is to identify the kind of change that we want to take, and we will try to do so.
Therefore, we need jihad.
It is necessary that this goal is achieved and that there is a profound thought in our minds for us to reach this final destination.
It is not the case that we can achieve the first position, and it is not the case that the future will depend on this position.
If a country fails to do what it should do in the arena of economy, scientific progress and social activities and if it does not have the capacity to do so, it will be defeated in the race.
We do not want to fight against oppression.
This is the second time our country has faced a serious crisis of violence and oppression.
The demise of the brave and determined people of the world and the assassinations committed by the enemies are the main reasons behind this evil move.
Since 1800 up until 1900, when the inglesical rulers first entered the political arena of the country, they had the advantage of strong relations with the neighboring countries.
The British colonial government first entered the country in the year 1800, which came from India, during the time when India was under the control of England and the British government was under the control of the Americans.
The enemy had its roots in different parts of the world, just as the Iranian nation has its roots in Pakistan.
We do not want this atmosphere to retreat.
The Islamic Revolution created a barrier in front of them.
We want the walls to be stronger.
We should not allow them to enter our economy, our culture, our politics, our future and our national interests.
One of the main elements of this power is the economy.
This is the reason why we think we should be at the first positions.
This does not mean that we should constantly insist on being the first in the region.
Therefore, it is necessary to preserve and strengthen our preparedness.
We have seen these advances in the country since the beginning of the Revolution.
The events that happened in the coastal community in the country were unprecedented before the victory of the Islamic Revolution.
The same is true of water, and the same is true of other areas.
I said this because of my experience of the different sectors of the country. I said this because of the fact that neither our sector nor our youth can express themselves in a way that other sectors of the country can.
This is a very important point.
The economic situation of our country is very important.
I used to say that if the natural resources of our country are compared with the resources of the world, they will be increased.
The majority of the people of the world are extremely unlikely to believe in global power.
These are important areas and great achievements.
The issue of the sea is of primary importance in the country, and the issue of water is of secondary importance.
Therefore, in fact, the country has huge potentials.
This is true of our region and the entire country.
We are in a sensitive territory.
The long coast that we have is between the two countries and an important and strategic link between the two countries is between Asia and Europe.
These are good points for us.
It is now that we - as mentioned in this meeting - have lost one of the eight years of the strategic planning process.
The five-year war had already begun and the eight-year war had already started.
There have been numerous activities in the shiri over the past thirty years.
As reported by the reporter who was following the situation, there have been important and important work to be done.
The policies announced in the environment arena, the policies announced in the framework of the National Employment Policies, the policies announced in the employment market and the policies announced in the 44th of the Constitution - both are effective.
If we manage to move forward in a conscious way, then we will benefit from the opportunities that have been created for us.
These nations can create unity and firm economic movements.
course, in order to achieve certain of the peaks that have been established in the Islamic system for many years, different factors have been used to derail this movement.
The 8th point is related to the economy. The economy of resistance, the reduction in unemployment or the reduction in investment spending and the reduction in the domestic production - which I mentioned earlier in this meeting - are all things that are not possible.
We have been making increasing efforts in this regard for five years so as to fill the gaps that have been created.
In implementing the provisions of this bill, we should consider how the administration and the economic activities of the country have been affected.
What is the goal? Creating a structural economy that can compete with competing products and services on the basis of investments and capital gains.
They calculated that the foreign exchange rate in the past five years was about 160 billion.
It is necessary to do this.
In the arena of economic valor, good achievements have been made but they are not enough.
When we have good achievements, we have undoubtedly good things to do.
I have repeatedly emphasized the issue of economic corruption for many years.
When I speak about economic matters, a few people come to me and I say that focusing too much on the issue of economic matters will exacerbate the pressures on the economy.
I have said that what they are doing is in line with their beliefs.
When food and other goods are not halal and when sharia is satisfied with the fact that the government cannot penalize the perpetrators of these illegal actions, it helps promote the perpetrators.
We are opposed to the taghuti governments, the taghuti people and the use of corruption.
Fortunately, this is the case with all or most of the Ministry of Economy and the officials in charge of economic matters.
I have heard what they have said - that is to say, the portions that they have spoken about problematic areas or the portions that they have said about positive points.
We should not let these things pass into oblivion.
As Mr Tawakkuli pointed out, there are certain shortcomings.
If we pay attention to these recommendations, we will see that these recommendations are good and practical. If I had spoken to many people in this regard, many of them would have said, "There are two aspects to this decision.
First, the issue of assistance to the producers is an important issue.
On the issue of the goals and the range of the government’s intervention in the agricultural sector and the activities that have taken place in this area, it is necessary to pay attention to the supporting factors.
course, as many government officials have said, we believe that the 30 per cent needed for the country to make progress.
The situation might be different in certain areas, but the issue of internal resources is always an important issue and we need to be vigilant in this regard.
There are certain areas for improvement and we should benefit from these areas.
However, the private sector also has a responsibility to shoulder in this regard: preventing abuse of weapons, safeguarding the quality of these products and improving them.
Some of the officials in the government have pointed out that some of the manufacturing companies do not do a damn thing in order to re-establish their influence.
It is like eating and breathing.
In this regard, the role of the government is very important.
However, it is necessary to pay attention to the point that I mentioned in passing earlier - that is to say, the people who were unsuccessful in using the opportunity that was provided to them.
It is necessary to take this issue as seriously as possible so that our genuine and hardworking laborers can realize their potential.
The next point is the issue of exports, which I have discussed previously and spoken to many officials about the issue of exports.
There is not any room for raising funds except for the sake of God.
The fact that we should be careful not to let a particular day - for example, the week of Eid - end with a loss in the market is no great reason to not pay attention to our imported products.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic production.
The movement towards consuming domestic products will definitely help improve the quality of domestic products and services.
I do not believe this is a strong reason.
As for the issue of exports, especially the commodities, I would say that the issue of exporting is a complex and sensitive issue that requires strong reasons.
We have good production lines in the agricultural sector.
One of the teachers provided a report on the use of cart pushers in schools.
We are one of the most advanced and prominent countries in the world in this regard.
We should double our effort.
We should export these products to the world and we should not import such products from Latin America and other places which are not far away from our homeland.
The next point is related to exporting goods.
The government has a duty to assist the producers.
The silver lining - as one of the brothers mentioned - is that we are not moving forward in a conscious way.
We should be able to tell the differences in terms of content and price by consuming petroleum.
One of the biggest challenges confronting the macro economic system of our country and the entire regional economy is the reduction in the number of the products that are produced in the country.
I have repeatedly said that on a daily basis we should be prepared to deal with the issue of oil and gasoline as an example, five days a week or a day.
You should consider what will happen in the world.
We cannot do this now, because we need the levers.
If the economy of the country is determined solely by the consumption of oil, the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will achieve such power that it can transform the fate of the world.
We should do this. We should do this both in the arena of economy and culture and it is necessary to be cautious in this regard.
In this regard, the producers and their officials have a responsibility to shoulder.
There are many factories in the world that have been making products and selling them to people with evil intentions for many years.
The production lines of Jamus and Swiss have been exporting products and services over many years to our country and other countries.
Why???
The producers should pay attention to these points.
This is what makes a good practice - namely, cultivating the talents that are available in the domestic and international markets.
The issue of the economy is very important.
If these evil individuals are not founded out by a particular person in the government, they will not have the opportunity to affect the economic situation of the country.
Therefore, government officials have a duty to prevent the corruption of economic institutions in the institutions of the country.
As an example, when you understand that a rhinoceros is present in your gospel prayers, you will be showered with divine blessings and divine assistance (especially for the affected rhinoceros).
It is also a form of economic management.
If in any part of the government you feel or see a sign of economic instability - which I am not saying to the officials - then you should not speak so much.
Therefore, it is necessary to be extremely cautious in this regard.
One of these aspects is the need to adopt a comprehensive policy on the reconstruction of the factory.
We need a political stance on the issue of gwuiwa.
The best way to do this is to establish a good relationship with the banks and arrange a meeting with them.
The main issue in the present time is related to the issue of prioritizing the macro economic development goals of the country as well as the private sector.
This is while the private sector should pay attention to the fact that there are many investment opportunities in the country.
These who want to use this against humanity will do so.
It is necessary to provide clarification for everyone.
In the past, governments have made a lot of efforts, but they have fallen behind.
It is necessary to make more efforts in this regard.
There are certain things that I have written down, but when the time of re-appearance is, I will write about them.
I hope that Allah the Exalted will increase the enthusiasm of the people who are interested in the affairs of our country, our nation and the Islamic Republic and will help them realize their potential.
That is to say, the take on the issue of “intensified labor and investment” which we discussed last year should be coupled with the issue of economic dynamism.
We hope everybody will make more efforts.
The future of this country is promising.
Thankfully there are good hearts in this country.
This country is one of the most responsive and most powerful countries to the call of the World Economic Forum.
The history of our culture, our legacy, the culture of our people and our national wealth are all referred to in this meeting.
The Ayatollah Khamenei the the the the the the the the Islamic Revolution delivered a speech on March 21, 2011 at the Feiziyeh Madreseh seminary in the presence of
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Al-Mustafa Muhammad, and upon his immaculate, pure and chosen household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who bestowed this favorable and precious position on me on the day of Ashura (may my soul be sacrificed for his sake) on the first day of the year.
I would like to congratulate all the dear brothers and sisters who have attended this meeting and this event as well as all the dear people who have attended this meeting - including those who have traveled out of the country - on the occasion of Norouz and the beginning of the new year.
The gathering was in fact a public gathering of the Iranian people.
There are also the friends and the brothers and sisters of Mashhad.
I extend my greetings to all of them and all of them.
Nurouz wishes the greatest of all our Iranian people and Muslims in other countries that Eid al-Adha be a blessing and a source of inspiration for religious and revolutionary movements.
The Islamic view of labor is that it is necessary to utilize the opportunities that have been created in the world and in the hereafter.
We should tell our people the great goals of Islam.
In these days, there are many opportunities for self-sacrifice, reliance on Allah the Exalted, good deeds from some people and praying in the holy places.
The truth is that over the past thirty years, since the establishment of the Islamic government, our nation has used Norouz as a symbol to gather spirituality with Allah the Exalted.
The reason is this: if you look at the beginning of the new year, you will see that the majority of the people are gathered in places such as shrines, mosques, Islamic seminaries and Islamic seminaries.
The Iranian nation is keen to benefit from this symbol and this cultural occasion.
We should learn from such examples in all areas and we should try to benefit from Norouz's teachings in all areas: spirituality, religion, Islamic jurisprudence, and good governance.
I hope that Allah I will help all of us and all the people of Iran succeed in doing this.
the Exalted will speak about three issues at a time.
The first point is related to the events that happened in the year 1389 and what officials and the people did.
The third point is related to the events that happen in the region: the events that happened in North Africa and the events that happened in the Islamic Republic.
The first point is that the name that was introduced for the year 1389 - "The Year of Intensified Effort and Labor" - was clearly named throughout the year and our people in different sectors clearly identified the goals and carried out the necessary actions.
The results of this great measure and this hard work will be tangible in the future, but in the present time, when the measures and practices of the year 1388 are tangible in the presence of the people and their officials, the people can see these tangible results.
This is true of many areas.
We start from the importance of education and technology.
In the beginning of the year 1389, during the week of Eid al-Adha, I managed to visit one of the important scientific centers of the country and during the month of Esfand, I managed to visit a number of scholarly and artistically outstanding centers of the country.
I would like to make a few points about the scientific and technological advances that have been made in the country.
Since many years ago up until today, there has been a steady run of scientific achievements in different areas and scientific progress is thankfully being made on a daily basis.
I I received a message from a Ma'asumi (may God hasten his re-appearance) in which he said, "I believe that knowledge is the most important factor in the progress of a nation and a person."
The scientific and technological progress of the country is based on this principle.
the movement of the country in the search of knowledge and technological advances is tangible in many arenas.
In different areas - in the field of knowledge, in the field of agriculture, in the field of Nanotechnology, in the field of evolutionary studies, in the field of infectious diseases, in the field of innovation, in the field of medicine, in the field of public relations, in the field of economic matters, in the field of machinery and in the field of textile production - these are areas in which our youth can make valuable efforts.
As I said in my birthday wish list, various scientific centers of the world said that the Iranian nation is one of the most advanced and prominent countries in the world.
There are two aspects to the issue of knowledge and scientific progress which I deem it necessary to discuss briefly.
First, the most important figure in this arena is the youth.
Their youth are among the most brilliant and highly talented youth in our country.
The next point is that the people who are working on these great projects have a strong spirit and they are self-confident.
The human condition is the main factor behind the power of our country.
The youth of our country are dynamic, aware and they feel that they are the pivot of the progress of the country.
The issue of knowledge is that scientific progress, technology, and acquisition of knowledge - which is very important - have been and are being built on the basis of these scientific principles.
The goal is to transform knowledge into a technology, to address the needs of the modern world and to bring this technology to global markets which will provide this country with wealth.
The goal is to turn knowledge into a national production and to fulfill the needs of the people.
The dear people of our country should know that the outstanding personalities of the world of economy - whether their economic view is of government or their economic view is different from the one's own - believe that the goals and positions of the government are important and should be followed up.
The experience of the Iraqi people has shown that they have not been receptive to foreign countries.
The Thankfully, the project is underway.
And And the spirit of unity that is inherent in the work of the government and the people is very good.
The movement of the people in this arena is a very good movement.
The first objective of this movement, in the first hand, is to transform public opinion in a fair way.
This is a great step towards establishing justice for all.
The other purpose is to manage the destructive powers of the world, including oil and gas.
The next year, we named "The Year of Economic Jihad" as well as "The Year of Economic Jihad".
This is one of the ways to improve the way we use the domestic factory in the real sense of the word - and this has already been proven.
The number of the months that have been spent on this campaign and the measures that were adopted by the government have increased the country a lot.
The costly and unpleasant process of creating chaos and destroying buildings - which is a divine blessing and in which many of our problems exist - has reduced.
This is among the achievements that have been made and by Allah's favor, the future will be far better than this.
And this is one of the things that indicates the existence of a firm determination in the arena of economic valor.
It is clear that over the past 30 years, our revenue has been dependent on oil.
This is something that is completely ignored by the competent and competent managers of the world of economic valor.
I have said many years ago that one of my wishes is that we should manage the country in a way that it is not at the service of oil and gas production.
It is not an easy task.
The more oil-producing countries are exported, the more we are exporting these products.
The great accomplishments were made in the year 1389.
The government's negligence in the arena of economic valor was reflected in the vile vileness of sanctions imposed by the West on Iran under the supervision of the United States and the domineering dependence of some European governments on Iran.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they have increased the sanctions against Iran.
They used to pretend that the sanctions were imposed on them. They used to pretend that the sanctions would be imposed on the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
They thought that they would like to create pressure on the Iranian nation so that they could show their disapproval towards the Islamic Republic.
This was done in a wise way in order to divert the attention of the enemies' attention.
The enemies have not been able to realize their goals through these sanctions.
They used to pretend that sanctions were not helpful for the Iranian nation.
One of the problems that we are faced with is that we are exporting fuel, but we are shining it from source.
This is the weakness of the Islamic Republic and we cannot afford to pass over it.
The sanctions were imposed on us by our government officials.
This was something that I received from the parents of these youth during the visit to Esfand Mosque.
They told me that they wanted to restore this factory. They said that they were afraid that you would be undermined by the government and that you would give up all your rights.
We returned to the country, we experienced the hardships and we made efforts to achieve this national goal without the help of foreigners.
The government reported that in the year 1389, the country had witnessed an increase in agricultural production by 50% - if that report is true, the country has witnessed an increase of five per cent in agriculture production.
In the arena of production, in the arena of construction, in the arena of transportation, in the arena of agriculture, in the arena of handicrafts, in the arena of public relations, in the vast majority of all these areas - which are the foundations of national production - there have been good achievements made.
This is true of the economic area as well.
In other areas, as long as we have these resources, we will only benefit from them.
This year, thankfully, the year 1389 has come to an end.
Of Of Of course, the year 1389 was not the same kind of year as the year 1366, but it was a year of intensified effort and labor.
The Iranian nation and any government official should strive to achieve lofty ideals in order to be able to reach the ideals for the Iranian nation and the people.
This is while in the view of the intellectuals, the issue of economy is very important.
If our dear country makes progress in the arena of economic valor, it will definitely achieve the same results that will be achieved in the future.
What is important in this regard is that we can move forward in achieving the goals that have been specified in the five-year strategic plan.
The dear people of Iran will be benefitting from our national power as much as we can.
The past two years, in my new year address, I have spoken about the issue of preserving the natural resources and the problems related to them.
The people should pay attention to these things.
I advise the officials of the country to clarify to the people the importance of strengthening the economy of the country and to decrease the number of people who are affected by the economy.
This path is not what we want, and Islam does not accept this path.
They should try their hardest to achieve the goals that have been specified in the five-year strategic plan of the country.
The issue of increasing the unemployment rate and improving the quality of the workforce is one of the important and essential issues.
The more active and dynamismful the Investors and Exporters (I&E) are, the more they can invest in the domestic economy.
It is necessary to create rules.
This shows that they are supporting the work of the people.
The economy of water is of primary importance, and it is necessary to use the water in a rational manner.
You should consider what will happen if, by Allah's favor, the government manages to reopen the path of the ban of rice importation in the country and if the country witnesses widespread failure in this domestic production.
The same is true of the use of water in all other areas - for the domestic industry, for industrial areas and for other areas.
In fact, the cost of reefs in the sector that is not requiring capital is not less than two trillion dollars.
The movement of the people towards economic valor is necessary.
If we are determined to carry out this great economic movement in the country in the year 1390, there are certain things that must be done.
I will provide you with the full text of these documents.
First of all, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
The more our nation has grown since the beginning of the Revolution, the more our spirit of jihad has developed.
If we think of jihad in all areas, including selfless efforts for the sake of God and selfless efforts for carrying out tasks that are not at all responsibilities, then we will definitely make progress.
The second point is related to spirituality, faith and religious sentiments in society.
It is everybody who should know this: having a religious atmosphere in the country and in the hearts of the people will help them achieve their material and spiritual goals.
It is wrong to think that the effect of spirituality on the hearts of the youth will only be felt during Eid al-Adha or during thejumary prayers.
If the youth of a nation are truly religious, it will not be deceived by the wrongdoings of the world of Islam.
In the arena of economic valor, this is the case.
The stronghold of religious faith is a great blessing.
The last point is the issue of priorities on the scene. It is necessary to focus our efforts on primary issues in the country.
This is like an international airport, and people are constantly trying to reach a certain destination, but their efforts are futile.
Therefore, we should not rely on outsiders.
Another point is the issue of unity and international understanding.
The unity that exists among the people and government officials, the unity that exists among them, the friendship that exists among them, the cooperation and the friendly atmosphere that exists among them - these are the characteristics of this era.
One of the main plots of the enemies of the Iranian nation is to create internal disputes.
Fortunately, this is already the case with our nation.
All those who love our country and all those who love religious democracy - who is a source of honor for the Iranian nation - should make the most of this opportunity.
The officials of the country should be careful not to let the people deny the fact that there is discord among them.
I have deployed the officials of the country on this issue.
The most important issue of the world is finding an appropriate solution through negotiations.
It is necessary to keep this in mind: at a certain stage in the life of a person, you see the slogans that were shouted at the streets of Tehran and other cities and cities and write them down.
This is a tool.
In certain cases, the payments to the beneficiaries may be divided into several payments.
I would like to see the people and the government officials listening to this statement, accepting it and working on it.
There is no need for raising funds too much.
Of course, the economic issue which I discussed does not mean that we should ignore other areas.
In all areas, especially in scientific arenas and in technological arenas, it is necessary to help these outstanding youth in terms of their motivation and capabilities.
However, regarding the events that happen in the region, the events that happened in Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain are very important.
The great transformation that is taking place in the Islamic region is the manifestation of this movement.
The issue of Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) successor is something that has been witnessed in different countries over the past few decades.
These two characteristics are the foundations of an Islamic system.
The appearance of the people on the scene was one of the things that happened during the Revolution.
The organizations and individuals who live in the forest, in the streets and in public places have not been able to do anything.
the greatest achievement of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was that he could encourage people to step into the arena.
the same is true of regional countries.
In Egypt and Tunisia, if they had entered the arena with self-confidence, they would have given rise to the greatness of the Iranian nation.
The people themselves entered the arena with their beliefs and ideological orientations.
The people enthusiastic and enthusiastic people in the world sent messages of their messages to the people in the city and they entered the arena.
This is the characteristic of this role model.
Why did they come?
In Egypt, Tunisia and certain other countries, the hands of the leaders shed the blood of the people and their honor.
As the people of Egypt used to determine the leaders of the system in order to fulfill the needs of the Islamic Ummah, they made the most mistakes.
If Hosni Mubarak had not cooperated with the Zionist regime in the arena of Gaza, the Zionist regime would not have given such a shout to the people of Gaza.
was when Hosni Mubarak entered the arena, helped, closed the doors and moved towards Egypt.
When he heard the story that the people of Gaza were biting the earth with their teeth in order to gag the people, he took a big step towards the earth with his bare hands, and he entered the earth with his bare hands.
This is what Hosni Mubarak has done.
The same is true of other kinds of labor.
As an example, in Libya, although during the early years of his rule, Gaddafi promoted a favorable outlook towards the west, in recent years he has delivered some great services to the west.
The children of the Libyan Consulates-General and their reflection showed that when a threat was met with nuclear weapons, he would take them to the battlefields, rescue them and take them to the battlefields.
You should consider the position of your nation and the position of your country as well.
But But But But the officials of our country not only did they not justify the sanctions, but they also announced what the enemies wanted at the end of each year.
The same is true of the insult to human dignity in all Islamic countries.
This is really an important point for us.
After these things, if they do not understand the issue and do not know the people, they will give in to bullying by other people.
For example, what is happening in the US and other countries is the support for the hypocritical presidents of Hosni Mubarak as long as they can fight.
This is a lesson for the leaders who rely on America to realize that when their military equipment is out of use and they do not have any use at all, they will retreat like a machinating tool.
The event that happened in the west and America is unprecedented and unprecedented.
The Islamic Republic is one of the most stable and powerful countries in the world.
However, they failed to utilize this capacity in the best possible way.
If the people become aware, they can fight against this enemy and defeat it.
The Americans have tried to de-escalate the post-election events in Egypt and Ben Ali in Tunisia, but their efforts have proven futile.
In return, by Allah's favor, the US will continue being defeated in this region.
After the demise of their people in these countries, there are two goals that have been pursued by the Americans: One is the immediate re-appearance of the Imam of the Age (a.s.).
They have been defeated in this regard.
The second point is related to the origins of these innovations.
Their main enemy is the greed of the people and their claim to safeguard human rights.
It is not the case that our dear people are not aware of the fact that the American President has repeatedly said that they are your supporters.
They are not only at the service of other nations but also their own nations.
The current administration of the US government has used hundreds of thousands of people in such a disgusting situation in the economic arena of the country to revive banks, to re-establish production lines, and to encourage underinvestment.
Therefore, they are not friendly to nations.
In the present time, the American nation is faced with serious economic problems, and they are suffering from them.
The torture rooms and solitary confinements such as Guantanamo and Abu Ghraib in Iraq and other places target different groups of people.
The people do not understand these things.
This president really knows what he has been saying?
He really knows the people behind the scene who are leading his political career?
He said that those who are running the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps in Tehran are the people who had control of the Egyptian Guards Corps.
There is truth in this statement: on the 22nd of Bahman each year, in the presence of the people of the liberated Kurdistan, the slogan that they use is "Allah, the liberated Kurdistan".
The Islamic Republic of Iran is aware of the events happening in the region.
Our responsibility is the supporting of nations and their rights.
This is the Islamic Republic's view of labor and management.
We are this, our hearts are these, our souls are these, and the statements that we make are the same - in the words of our people and government officials.
There are two places that we should pay attention to: First is the country of Libya, and the second is the country of Bahrain.
On the issue of Libya, we are independent of the actions of the Libyan regime, the killing of people and the massacres that it takes on in different cities and villages.
They claim that they entered Libya to protect the people and to carry out military attacks, but that this is not the case.
If they consider themselves to be supporting the Libyan people in the real sense of the word, if they consider themselves to be sympathetic to the Libyan people in the real sense of the word, then there is a great deal of pressure on the Libyan people.
If you want them to help, give them weapons, give them training and do good deeds.
This is not to say that you are not after protecting the people.
You want to find a foreign country to headquarter and use it as an excuse to attack the revolutionary governments that have been established in Egypt and Tunisia.
There is a reason for this.
It is the United Nations that is supposed to render services to nations.
This is a source of disgrace for the United Nations.
Therefore, the presence of foreign soldiers and the presence of westerners does not mean that we should be satisfied with this.
If you want to help the people of Libya, there are many ways to do it: you can help them, you can strengthen them, and you can help the people of Libya resolve their problems with Gaddafi.
The main requirement for elections is that one should be able to hold one election at a time.
What is this great hope? When there is elections in Bahrain, the people do not have the means for voting in the way that has been established - in the way that has been prepared.
This is while the west used to make use of this opportunity to re-focus their attention on the issues of the region in a new way.
This is because the people of Bahrain are Shia and because nobody supports them.
The regional TV networks broadcast negative events in the region, but they did not mention the events in Bahrain and did not mention the extent to which the Bahraini people were hurt.
I have met certain people from the Persian Gulf - both politicians and journalists - who have said things that the Bahraini people are Shia and Sunni!
The oppressed nation is oppressed with violence. The situation that is happening in Tunisia is the same as it was in Egypt.
The Americans are happy that they managed to resolve this issue as an open-source issue between Shia and Sunni through their media and propaganda.
They said that there is another reason for the people of Iran supporting the people of Bahrain.
We support all of them.
We have been supporting the Palestinian people for two decades.
Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is Is the
We women fled the airport in order to rescue Gaza!
They are running towards Gaza and they are killing the Palestinians.
We asked them to go back.
The people of Gaza, Palestine, Egypt and Tunisia are not Shia Muslims.
Therefore, this is not an issue for Shia or Sunni.
The media attempted to portray Bahrain as a Shia and Sunni issue.
This means that some people - who are clearly not at the service of national interests - have decided to oppose the Islamic Republic.
If there are any hopes for the future, I would tell them that this is not a Shia and Sunni issue.
We have nothing to do with Gaza, Palestine, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
The movements that are carried out through the use of Islam and the movements that call the people to freedom should be supported by anybody.
The American President did not mention the presence of the Bahraini and Saudi troops in the country during the Sacred Defense Era, but when our enemies, our teachers and our hopeful youth said they were going to kill the people, he said, "You are at the service of the people."
Is Is Is this an inexhaustible source of foreign revenue?
This babble of the Americans and their satanic followers in the region is spreading lies and accusations to the Americans and their satanic followers in the region.
The Americans are spreading a disease of this region all over the world.
If someone does these things, they have made a mistake.
The first thing that I would like to discuss is that a new movement is taking place in the region.
In the absence of doubt, the movement will definitely be carried out.
The Iranian nation is a proud nation and they are happy that they started this movement and continue it.
It is not the case that the young generation after the eight-year imposed war did not like the Revolution, but if they did not like the revolution, they would not be able to resist.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and grace on this dear nation.
In every day, you should show your appreciation for the people and the movement of this nation and Islamic and Muslim nation.
Dear God, make the holy heart of the Imam of the Age satisfied with us.
The Exalted, by the blessedness of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, bestow Your mercy and blessings on us.
Ayatollah Ayatollah Ayatollah Khamenei "On August 7, 2011 at 19:30, he met with the Ayatollah Khamenei the Islamic Republic's top officials.
In In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and peace and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet, Ab-al-Qassem Mustafa, and upon his immaculate, pure and chosen household, especially the one remaining with Allah on earth.
I extend my congratulations to the dear brothers and sisters, the dear government officials and the dear people of the country and all the people who have attended this meeting.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us the opportunity to hold another meeting this year and to hold another talk about thematic issues of the country and specific issues related to the elections.
I would like to take a three-point repoint to the first point, which is related to the issue of priorities.
In this regard, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) is an exemplary figure, who by Allah's favor should keep an eye out for the developments of our region.
In his book,'Hajj Mirza Javad Agha Maliki Tabrizi - the Master of the Prophet's (s.w.a.) companion - the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) describes hajj as a divine blessing which Allah the Exalted has bestowed on the believers and believers.
The Imam (r.a.) said that "God's blessings are not just words but actions, which need God's attention for."
The essence of this divine sense of responsibility or more precisely, self-sacrifice is that which is more important than all these characteristics and characteristics and that it awakens the feelings of enthusiasm and joy in the heart of the person who enters this divine space for the sake of "one's sake" or "for the sake of God".
The idea that our youth are martyrs is one of the most reasonable and practical concepts that can be applied to the realities of life.
The years are the main determination of a person.
The entire blessings of this life - which is your day's value - are provided by Allah the Exalted.
Our existence depends on it, and this is how they live.
We should consider how much money our life and our days are worth.
We pay attention to how life goes. We pay attention to the details; ‘life’ is like a fragile wall that stays strong on a daily basis.
It is difficult to imagine not noticing that the entire Iranian nation is in need of all this kindness and kindness.
He used what he had, why did he use it and what was its use?
The thought of mourning - the moment when the soul of a person dies of grief and mourning - is a time that comes to all of us.
We thought what kind of weather we would be at that time?
There is another part of the hajj which I think is related to prayers.
The advocacy of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household is astonishing. In his book, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) speaks about the details behind the prayers which are carried out by the Imam of the Age (a.s.).
Therefore, these duas are very important.
The prayers that are recited in this book are good ones for the people who have seen them, and they are also good for those who have not seen them.
The Holy Quran says, "may God hasten the re-appearance of Muhammad (s.w.a.) and his household, and may the forefathers of that household be made safeguarded by Allah the Exalted.
Why do you expect me to adopt a bayi and become afraid of God’s invasion?
Dear God, bestow Your mercy and blessings on me on the basis of two things.
The fear of God among us is one of the essential foundations of this fear.
For example, furious reactions to certain people - whether to a particular group of people or to one's own personality - have a great effect on the people.
When you lash out against a particular person or group and speak about certain things, the effect of such anger is not the effect of a person who has no responsibilities other than his responsibility in the face of a particular person.
We hate hypocrisy, and we should not be hypocritical.
Dear God, never lose sight of our hearts and souls in the affairs of our country...(4)
The murderer was a 15-year-old girl who was into cosplay.
It is everybody’s responsibility to put an end to this fire.
The reason why we constantly warn our friends, our government officials, the people who sign the manifest, the people who promote their ideas in the country or into a certain part of the country â€“ that is to say, the people should be vigilant in this regard.
There is a day when a woman's death is not only about her physical integrity but also about her mental strength.
The people who are following the right path should make efforts to get the people's attention to the right place.
We should not separate the people who are not directly affected by the Islamic system.
If there is a rift between the people, we will try to divert it.
When a university or college makes a good move, make it known about it.
We have spoken to many people about this issue.
This is part of the prayers that I recite today.
We hope that Allah the Exalted will help us become faithful.
These are an example of fear of God.
This is the first point I would like to raise.
The second point is related to the political situation of the country.
The report that was presented by the esteemed President has been a very interesting report.
I will explain this to the people of our country because this is an important issue for us.
Why should it be important?
First of all, the situation of the country and the place where we are and what path we should take, are very important.
First of all, the conditions of this region are extremely bad.
The emergence of Islamic Awakening and the great regional developments have been unprecedented since the beginning of the Revolution.
The fact that a great nation like the Egyptian nation has carried out such a great movement in front of the government and is opposed to Islam and is threatening the safeguarding of the Zionist regime and the regional uprisings is one of the great things that can be done.
It is exactly in such conditions that we are presented with this opportunity which sets the stage for an extraordinary era for the Islamic Republic.
The sanctions which were imposed on the western governments were great sanctions.
The resonant and dynamic analyses that you recite from America and other Western countries and the statements that they make about their future are part of this analyses.
The philosophers and politicians who are involved in the political arena of the world and the peoples living in major and media centers do not want to see the people of the world understand the problem.
If there is any time for me to speak about this issue, I will do so in the meantime.
One example is the widespread spread of acts of terrorism in West-central and North-west countries, particularly in Europe.
The following day, he attacked the Islamic Republic.
There are certain things that they like to do, but they are not able to because they are defeated by Allah the Exalted.
These are important points.
This event in Norway should not be treated as an isolated event.
And in such conditions, we should look at our own capacities.
If we do not take advantage of this opportunity and fail to act on the basis of it, if we fail to utilize the opportunity in the right way, we will suffer a setback.
In certain cases, ignoring a particular opportunity can be a threat and it can be a reprimand.
Therefore, there is no doubt in our minds that the events that happen in the country are not unprecedented.
In this case, the decision that we should take is to look at the realities.
In the broadcast industry as well.
If somebody says what they are talking about, they say what they are talking about and do not allow us to say the truth.
We used to pretend that this was the case and we were allowed to speak the truth.
I would like to take this opportunity to thank the editors who have attended this meeting.
Some of these newspapers on a daily basis have some interesting stories which each one of them strikes a chord in the heart of a weak person.
We are not accusating anyone, but this is a fact.
The plot is the same.
It is necessary to stand by these weaknesses and to look at the strength of our capabilities.
It is necessary to prioritise the things that the government can do and those that it cannot.
Therefore, if we want to understand the realities of the situation of the country, we need to stand up against them.
I I I will briefly speak about this issue later on, but we need to adopt fundamental measures in this regard.
These things will show us exactly what we are looking for in this country.
That is to say, we should focus our efforts on areas that are not important and on the things that we should do.
When we put these things together, we will see where we are going.
I have written an article in the past five years about the progressive movements that have been carried out by the Islamic Republic over the past 30 years.
The first advantage of the Islamic Republic's model of power is that it allows the people to resist in the face of various kinds of threats.
We have constantly been threatened by different kinds of threats - including political, security, and economic threats.
The Americans were trying to undermine the government, but they were not able to do so.
This system has defied all these threats.
Some of these things are left by foreigners, such as the issue of taxes.
The sanctions were imposed on our country for years, but in recent years they have increased their intensity and they have said that sanctions are harmful.
These sanctions were put in place by the United Nations, and they were implemented by the United Nations.
These are the characteristics of foreigners who are attached to our country.
The solution that the enemy presented - that is to say, the solution that the Islamic system of the Iranian nation adopted - was one of those means and the Islamic system of the Iranian nation managed to achieve this outcome.
This is one of the strengths that we have.
We should pay attention to this point when we are evaluating the strength of our government.
This structure was created by international powers, and international powers have threatened it with different kinds of attacks over the past two decades.
This is the first stage of the growth of the Islamic Republic.
Second is the spirit of trust between the people and the government.