The following is the full text of the speech delivered on Monday by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The following is the full text of the statement:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In these days, the region of Africa, particularly the region of Somalia, which is in a very difficult situation, is faced with the most severe tropical storms and tropical storms. These storms have caused the lives of millions of Muslims in Somalia, especially women and children in a very difficult situation.
The following is the full text of the full text of the speech delivered by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution to the people of Somalia.
Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, reiterated: "If the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Revolution, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
The human being is a person who needs prayers, prayers and prayers in the presence of Allah the Exalted - that is to say, prayers and prayers in the presence of Allah the Exalted - that is to say, prayers and prayers in the presence of Allah the Exalted - that is to say, prayers and prayers in the presence of Allah the Exalted - that is to say, prayers and prayers in the presence of Allah the Exalted - that is to say, prayers and prayers in the presence of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s.w.a.) prophet (s
The Holy Quran is a divine blessing that helps human beings escape from the infernal inferno. The Holy Quran is a divine blessing that helps human beings escape from the infernal inferno. The Holy Quran is a divine blessing that helps human beings escape from the infernal inferno. The Holy Quran is a divine blessing that helps human beings escape from the infernal inferno.
In spite of the fact that prayers and prayers are combined with religious principles, the Islamic principles can be expressed in their religious laws.
The Islamic Republic is a symbol of this unity.
The Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet'
The presence of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.
This is why we should look at the mosques.
The presence of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (
In all areas where there is a living space, the mosque is the source of this.
It is necessary to establish buildings in cities, cities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, universities, schools, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals, hospitals and hospitals in all areas.
It is necessary to maintain the Islamic Ummah as well as the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy
The responsibility of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r.a.) of the Imam (r
If the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) martyr
We hope that this day will be a blessing for our dear Imam (r.a.) and our souls will be sacrificed for him.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
11, Oktoba, 2011.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on November 29, 2010 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "There are many areas that can be used to strengthen the relationship between the two countries in different areas. It is necessary to strengthen the relationship between the two countries in different areas. It is necessary to strengthen the relationship between the two countries.
Ayatollah Khamenei reiterated: "If the Islamic Republic cannot, it can destroy the capital of Beirut to Tarabulus for Syria."
The only thing that is necessary for the Islamic Republic (to achieve its goal) is the failure of the Islamic Republic (to achieve its goal).
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the Lebanon as the Persian Gulf of the Islamic Republic and said: "The Islamic Republic is the only country in the world that can win victory over the Islamic Republic."
In this regard, it is necessary to understand how great this is.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated: "As long as the Islamic Republic continues to collapse, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation will need resistance.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the great relationship between Sa'ad Hariri and Sayyid Hasan Nasrullah, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and other members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, adding: "It is necessary to strengthen the relationship between Sa'ad Hariri and Sayyid Hasan Nasrullah, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps."
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Islamic Republic is committed to the unity of the Lebanon and added: "The Lebanon is a country of religious and religious faith, and some people want to create discord in this country. But some people want to create discord in this country, and some people want to create discord in this country.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the recent meeting with the late Rafik Hariri, former president of the province of Lagos, and referred to his efforts to strengthen the province of Lagos.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Sa'ad Hariri, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, referred to the meeting with the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the relationship between the two countries will be strengthened in all areas, including economic, political and cultural aspects.
Sheikh Sa'ad Hariri reiterated that the Lebanon government is a unity government, adding that any conflict between the people of the Lebanon is a threat to the Islamic Republic, adding that any conflict between the people of Lebanon is a threat to the Islamic Republic.
Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, spoke with Ayatollah Taskhiri, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on the issue of the hajj message of the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The following is the full text of the full text of the agreement between the two countries, Iran and Saudi.
Ayatollah Taskhiri is one of the representatives of the Iranian nation in this meeting with Saudis.
Each year during the hajj, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution delivers a message to the holy people of the world.
In your opinion, what is the meaning of this message?
In order to answer this question, it is necessary to clarify certain issues.
First of all, the hajj is one of the Islamic religious prayers.
According to the Holy Quran, the greatest goal of the hajj is to promote the Islamic Ummah and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) faith in the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.)
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran,
“I am the Leader of the people, the Leader of the people.”
“Besides my family”, he said, “Besides my family,” he said.
The second goal is to create human beings. The second goal is to create human beings. The second goal is to create human beings. The second goal is to create human beings. The second goal is to create human beings.
This is a manifestation of the unity of the people and the unity of the Islamic Ummah.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution (may God bestow His blessings on him) referred to the goals of Hajj.
However, the essence of this message – which is the essence of your message – is that the responsibility of the Islamic Republic has been given to the people and the reason why the Islamic Republic and its leadership have given this importance to the people.
The hajj is a manifestation of the movement of the people.
He said in his narration: “The Holy Quran is the Holy Prophet’s (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophe
In a war, when the army is deployed, it means that the army is moving forward and the army is moving forward.
This is one of the great goals of the Islamic Republic.
This is why in the speech delivered by Imam Khomeini, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Imam Khomeini, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Imam Khomeini, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Imam Khomeini, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, Imam Khomeini, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Leader of the Islamic
The Holy Quran does not have the importance of spreading the Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Quran.
The newspapers of the Islamic Revolution and other organizations are making their efforts, but they are not making their efforts according to the characteristics and characteristics of this message.
It is necessary to all media organizations, all cultural organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations, all media organizations
In this regard, it is necessary to make efforts in this regard.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech is not in such a way. The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech.
The same is true of when a message is sent to people?
However, after the war – which was a result of which Iranians went to Hajj for a few years – a agreement was reached after a meeting which I was part of the meeting.
The two sides agreed that from that time to later, the meetings should not be held in Makka, but in Arafat, the Imam of the Age (s.w.a.) and the Imam of the Age (s.w.a.) organized a great meeting for the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech.
In fact, the agreement between the Du’a Kumail and the Du’a Kumail was a different agreement after all negotiations and conflicts.
We believe that the Holy Quran is delivered to Muslims.
What is the effect of this message?
First of all, some of the officials of different countries are coming to these places.
First, the message is broadcast in the room and it is broadcast in different places during the Eid al-Haraam, in Mina and in other places, and it will be broadcast in different places during the Eid al-Haraam, in Mina and in other places.
The message is broadcast in different languages in our newspapers to influence the hearts of the Islamic Ummah. On the other hand, all international organizations and Islamic governments are trying to prevent this message from spreading negative messages in the minds of the Islamic Ummah.
When this message was published in one of the UK newspapers, the entire world of the Zionists took a look at the newspaper and caused women to suffer.
- When was this happened?
The Palestinians are trying to stop this message.
The Saudi government is not only helping to propagate this message, it has also tried to suppress it. In some cases, it has tried to suppress it.
In recent years, there have been a lot of attacks. But they have been trying to deny the end of this message.
In some cases, we are trying to write messages in foreign media, but they are not guaranteed.
In many newspapers, many journalists do not approve or revoke their permission.
I would like to visit you even if you were Muslims.
In fact, they do not want, but as I said, we do not want to show resistance.
- What is the meaning of this message?
In this regard, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) is the Leader of the Islamic Ummah.
The Holy Quran is a manifestation of the Islamic Ummah. The Holy Quran is a manifestation of the Islamic Ummah and the Holy Quran is a manifestation of the Islamic Ummah.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household should be vigilant.
He maintains his dignity and dignity.
The things that are prohibited by the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household are teachings for the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
I would like to thank the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech delivered in the past few years.
If you look at the speech delivered by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, you will see that the first point in this speech is the role of Hajj on the Islamic Ummah.
This is what the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) wants to achieve in Hajj.
The hajj is a example of the role of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's
The second point in the issue of Hajj is that it shows that Hajj is the Islamic Republic.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) referred to the hajj as a manifestation of the movement of the people and said that hajj is a manifestation of the role of Islam in the political arena.
If we consider the essence of the hajj, one of them is the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) blessing.
That is to say, all people are prepared for the Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
The first point that is mentioned in this message is ‘the importance of hajj in the history of the Islamic Ummah’.
The second point is the role of Hajj in promoting the morality and dignity of the people.
The same is true of all messages.
In the beginning of the message, it will be focused on the issue of spirituality and awareness of the opportunities which are associated with Hajj.
The second point in this message is “the greatness of Islam and the message that is associated with it.”
The Holy Quran shows the methods of Islam to resolve the problems of human beings.
The second point is the issue of unity - especially in the speech delivered by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, especially in the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In this message, it is focused on promoting Islam and spreading it.
He also referred to this relationship as the example of a combination of clothes, path and position, position and position, and other such things.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution reiterated that the Ka’bah is a symbol and a sign of unity.
The following is the full text of the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran
That is to say, one of the issues that are being discussed in these speeches is the threat of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on the occasion of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) birthday anniversary of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) birthday anniversary of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) birthday anniversary of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
Their efforts and their efforts are related to important issues in the Islamic Ummah. They are related to the important issues that are being raised in the Islamic Ummah and their efforts to create hate speech, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods, falsehoods,
The threats that were deployed after the 11th of Satumba, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution explained.
On the occasion of the Revolution, the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution and the Islamic Revolution have started a campaign to destroy the Islamic Ummah and spread falsehoods.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) referred to the evil powers of the world as the enemy of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the
The second point is "establishing the Islamic Republic as a pioneer in the fight against the enemies of the world" and establishing the Islamic Republic as a pioneer in the fight against the enemies of the world. The second point is "establishing the Islamic Republic as a pioneer in the fight against the enemies of the world" and establishing the Islamic Republic as a pioneer in the fight against the enemies of the world.
- What is the effect of these things in other countries?
If he has a position in the Islamic Ummah or in the Islamic Republic?
In all our trips and meetings – each year, we have gathered thousands of people and organizations of the Islamic Republic, particularly the heads of different political organizations and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution’s Guards Corps.
That is to say, although we have a lot of experience in writing this message, it has a great impact.
The issue of diplomacy is currently being discussed in the world. The issue of diplomacy is currently being discussed in the world.
The Holy Quran is one of the pillars of the Islamic Republic and the pillars of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
In fact, one of the best methods to spread the message of the Revolution is the message of Imam Khomeini and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) to the people.
This is one of the ways to strengthen the hajj and raise awareness of the importance of hajj and the role that it plays in the life of Muslims.
The truth is that many of the faithful people are coming from harsh places, and they are not able to understand the message in the hajj.
The Holy Quran says: "The Holy Quran will continue to be with the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, will
We hope that the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) prayers and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) prayers will help the Islamic Ummah benefit from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) prayers.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution met with Shia and Ahlussunna in Kermanshah on October 12, 2011.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Allah the Exalted said: "By the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful."
In the name of Allah, they are afraid of Allah and they are afraid of anyone except Allah.
In my home, one of the most important meetings is a meeting with the honorable teachers who have been involved in different areas of the country and youth who have made efforts in different areas of the country.
In the morning, my dear brothers and sisters, teachers and scholars of Sunni and Shia province, all participated in this meeting. This is a great opportunity for me.
I would like to explain these things, but before I speak about them, I would like to congratulate the great scholar of the world who spent his life in this region and received the recognition of his efforts through martyrdom.
I have been able to meet him in his home in Kermanshah a number of times. We have visited him in his home in Kermanshah a number of times.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Shahid Saduki in a meeting held in Islamabad, where he was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The meeting was held by the Army of the Iraqi Armed Forces (Iraqi Armed Forces) and we were present at the meeting.
This is one of the things that is very important. He is a great man.
The Lord of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) gave him a blessing.
I have often said that the death of a businessman is a very valuable person. I have often said that the death of a businessman is a very valuable person.
In fact, there is a time when life will be finished "Each life is a sacrifice" [The Holy Quran, 3:85]
We are proud of this opportunity. We are proud of this opportunity. We are proud of this opportunity. We are proud of this opportunity.
The Holy Quran (s.w.a.) contains the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy
In this region, our former friend, Hajj Agha Baha'uddeen Muhammadi Araki, was one of the martyrs.
Mr. Agha Hajj Baha was one of the students of the Imam of the Age and one of our friends in Kum.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
I would like to congratulate our honorable scholar, brilliant and pious scholar, Mr. Hajj Agha Mujtaba Hajj Akhund, who was one of our pioneers at the Hujjatiya University of Kum.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
After the victory of the Revolution, after the victory of the Islamic Revolution, after the victory of the Revolution, I went to Kermanshah and saw his work.
And after the death of Imam Khomeini, he gave me one of his efforts.
I ask him to write a lesson that says: "Whoever makes a nation a leader, he should start reading his own lessons before his lessons." I ask him to write a lesson that says: "Whoever makes a nation a leader, he should start reading his lessons before his lessons." I ask him to write a lesson that says: "Whoever makes a nation a leader, he should start reading his lessons before his lessons." I ask him to write a lesson that says: "Whoever makes a nation a leader, he should start reading his lessons before his lessons." I ask him to write a lesson that says: "Whoever makes a nation a leader, he should start reading his lessons before his lessons."
He wrote me this with a good writing, and I put him in a row and put him in a row and put him in a row and put him in a row and put him in a row and put him in a row and put him in a row.
This is the problem with our work.
On the contrary, if we want to be like a bird that makes waves in the air, if we want to be like a bird that makes waves in the air, if we want to be like a bird that makes waves in the air, if we want to be like a bird that makes waves in the air, the way to achieve this is: "start studying".
The Holy Quran, chapter 35:28, says: "The Holy Quran, chapter 35:28, says: "The Holy Quran, chapter 35:28, says: "The Holy Quran, chapter 35:28, is one of the characteristics of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
The teachers have certain qualities, but they were chosen by Allah's favor.
The essence of knowledge is that a person gets this great blessing, that is to say, faith in God is a great blessing.
It is necessary to identify this characteristic. If a person does something in his life, he will be rewarded. If a person do something in his life, he will be rewarded. If a person do something in his life, he will be rewarded. If he do not do something in his life, he will be rewarded.
This is the life that will be guaranteed. Some will survive, some will not survive.
It is necessary to know that the distance between a decade and a decade between a decade and a decade between a decade and a decade between a decade and a decade between a decade and a decade is very short. You should know that the distance between a decade and a decade is very short.
In a young man, he believes that there is a time before he reaches the eight-year age.
I would like to say that if a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something, a person can do something.
I would like to invite the dear teachers to prayers, prayers, prayers, and efforts to reach God which are the basis of their efforts.
If a knowledge is acquired without fear of Allah, it is a valuable and valuable knowledge.
We have a scholar - a religious and a non-religious scholar - who is not religious and a non-religious scholar - who is not religious and a non-religious scholar - who is not religious and a non-religious scholar - who is not religious and a non-religious scholar.
That is to say, spirituality and spirituality are necessary for education and teachers.
In Kermanshah, Kermanshah is a very important city.
According to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings, Kermanshah had a number of great teachers - not just one or two or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a few or a
The same is true of Kermanshah. As the people of Kermanshah are proud and respectful of the people of Kermanshah, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) nation, the Holy Prophet'
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Mr. Ali (may Allah the Exalted bestow His blessings on him).
Although he did not want to live, but he remained in the household of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) family.
This is because some of his children were among the teachers.
This is another example.
The same is true of Agha Sayyid Hussein Ha'iri, who in the beginning of his life went to Mashahad.
I still have a few things to say about him.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Agha Sayyid Muhammad Isfahani, the elder of Agha Sayyid Muhammad Isfahani and the elder of Akhund and Mulla Bozorgi.
In Isfahan, he was a member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w
Also, he was one of the teachers of Akhund Mulla Fat'ali Sultan Abadi who was a resident of Samarra.
Another professor is the late Sardar Kabuli, a well-known scholar and scholar.
This book was a very good book. I have seen this book for many years. I have seen this book for many years.
It was almost six years ago in Kermanshah. Many students enjoyed him.
I noticed in this book that the late Hajj Agha Hussein Kummi (a.s.) went to Kermanshah for a meeting with the Imam of the Age (peace be upon him) and went to Kermanshah for a meeting with the Imam of the Age (peace be upon him) and went to Kermanshah for a meeting with the Imam of the Age (peace be upon him).
I would like to say that I would like to say two things - I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that I would like to say that
The Holy Quran is the Holy Quran. It is the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran
This is not just a shame or shame for a scholar but also a reward.
We should learn these lessons. We should learn these lessons.
This person was Kabul, he was born in India, then he went to Kermanshah and was taken to Kermanshah.
Mr. Kabuli was seven years old in Kermanshah.
The late Shahid Ashrafi Isfahani was one of the scholars who traveled to this city.
The people are proud of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings. They are proud of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings.
When they find a person and recognize his personality, they will congratulate him so that he does not know that he is not in their home.
Ashrafi was a Kermanshah, but he was like Kermanshah. He was like Kermanshah.
That is to say, this is a lesson.
I want to raise a lot of questions.
Congratulations to the dear teachers and teachers of the future.
This is due to two reasons: the first is that the Islamic message is spreading in the world - whether Muslims are or not - and the second is that the Islamic message is spreading in the world - and the second is that the Islamic message is spreading in the countries that are not Muslims.
As a result, the pain will be reduced.
Today you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation where you are in a situation
You should not be afraid of fear. "They are afraid of God, and they are afraid of anyone except Allah".
You should not be afraid of anything, you should not be afraid of the challenges that are ahead of you.
It is not necessary to say that there are certain truths, but you should not be afraid of these truths.
You do what you think they cannot do.
What did not happen in Iran?
In Iran, there is a thing that if all observers of the world, spend a few hours of day and night, there would not be any result if all observers of the world, spend a few hours of day and night.
Each expert says this work is not possible. But it is possible.
I would like to tell you that even some of our supporters say that they will not be able to do so.
Ayatollah Khamenei told me that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said: "The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) will not return.
He does not think that Shah will be defeated.
Then he told me this.
Imam Khomeini said that Shah will be defeated, nobody believed in this, but he was defeated.
The Shah was not killed, America was killed, the Zionist regime was killed, the Zionist regime was killed, the Zionist regime was killed, the Zionist regime was killed, the Zionist regime was killed, the Zionist regime was killed, the Zionist regime was killed and the Zionist regime was killed.
There was no doubt about this, but it happened.
There is no doubt that the greatest revolution of this time in Muslim countries will happen in Egypt.
It is possible to see this in another place, but there is no doubt about Egypt.
This is one of the things that we should keep in mind.
We look at the path of achieving those goals that we are looking for, to ensure their success.
It is necessary to carry out a lot of goods, and you will not be afraid of anyone except Allah".
The following is the full text of the Holy Quran: "The Holy Quran is the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
This is our path.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet
The Lord of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said: "By Allah the Exalted, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) has given the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) to
In the Name of God, they will not do what they want, and they will not do what they want." [The Holy Quran, 6: 112].
In this regard, if we are prepared to deliver the message of God, we will be prepared to confront the angels and people.
They will bring us to war, so we should be prepared.
In the spirit, we should create a strong foundation for ourselves - which is the foundation of faith and faith - to avoid losing our victory.
The sword and the sword are the result of the sword and the sword that is associated with us.
The death of a person is a result of the death of another person.
If you fail to win in your heart, nobody will win against you.
The Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran,
We should listen to the Holy Quran and all thoughts. We should take these lessons as lessons.
This divine messenger that is coming to you today through internet, human beings and other digital means, has a history.
In a building, there are thousands of barrels of petroleum. I have a story about this.
This is a report that is not published in certain Muslim countries. In some Muslim countries, thousands of dollars have been spent for Sunni Muslims to organize a religious meeting with Shia.
In this regard, they have given a Shia scholar to promote Shia poetry, accusing Umul Muminina Aisha, threatening her, killing her and killing her.
This is what they are doing.
The cause of conflict is a great blessing for them.
I want to tell you that your village is a place where Shia and Sunni people live together.
The scholars of Shia and Sunni should organize a meeting between them, understand each other and speak between them.
We have goals that we are committed to.
You can maintain your faith, but you should maintain your responsibility.
If they want to conduct a research, they should do so. If they want to do so, they will do so.
I believe that if they want to discuss the lessons of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.
In addition to all these things, there are some things that are separate from each other. There are some things that are separate from each other. There are some things that are separate from each other.
The Shia Imam has a strong voice in his people, and Sunni Imam has a strong voice in his people. The Shia Imam has a strong voice in his people, and the Sunni Imam has a strong voice in his people.
Today there are some people who believe that the enemy is the enemy of Islam. They are not aware of the enemy's power. They are not aware of the enemy's power.
It is necessary to take care of this issue from the Islamic Ummah.
It is because this mistake that we made was a result of all these things.
The same is true of education.
I have heard that there are Kermanshah students who study in Kum - which are not known for their families - who are living in Kum and who are not known for their families. They go to the people, go to the people, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the villages, go to the village
The issue of knowledge is very important.
In addition to education, there is the issue of teaching, which is very important.
There was a professor who went to my school after a few days, but he was not recognized in the class.
After a few days, he asked me where you are? He asked me where you are? He asked me what did you do? He asked me what did you do? He asked me what did you do? He asked me what did you do? He asked me what did you do? He asked me what did you do? He asked me what did you do? He asked me what did you do? He asked me what did you do? He asked me what did you do?
This is the definition of what we speak about.
Today, you should look at the youth who have studied in our country.
In Kermanshah, those who have studied have a lot of talent.
In some cases, there was no such thing.
Before the victory of the Revolution, in all Kermanshah provinces, the number of graduates would be less than three.
However, today they are making a few mistakes and they are making a few mistakes and they are making a few mistakes.
The youth are faced with different types of propaganda and messages, there are many questions that they ask.
It is necessary to identify their questions and prepare their responses. You should identify their questions and prepare their responses.
You should identify those who speak with them, identify their thoughts, identify the needs of the Holy Quran and Sunni messages. You should identify the needs of the Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings.
The following is the full text of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Mizan, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) book, the Holy Prophet'
You are among us.
It is necessary to do these things.
You should think about education as much as you think about education.
You should strengthen the hearts of the people who speak with you and strengthen them.
This teaching, as I said, "If a person is elected to the people, he must first learn his lessons before he should learn his lessons." is a very difficult issue.
This is a difficult task.
Today, teachers have a very important role in the arena of social matters. They have a very important role in the arena of social matters. They have a very important role in the arena of social matters.
The teachings of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s
The Holy Quran is all of these things.
The person who has all his characteristics closed, if he cannot maintain his dignity and dignity, he will be defeated.
Salla is very important.
It is necessary to strengthen those who speak to you and increase their opportunities to attend the parliamentary elections.
This is a celebration of Eid al-Fitr that is held every year in Kermanshah. I do not know if it has been held in Kermanshah or not.
The Shia and Sunni brothers should not insult their brothers.
Bring your souls together, enjoy your souls.
There are some things that can be done together.
If this happens, Allah's favor will continue.
I want to tell you that when the Revolution won (in Iran) the Islamic Republic had a new spirit and power in the world.
This is a great opportunity to create such a great event?
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.)
They went to the Holy Quran and discovered a few facts about Islam. They went to the Holy Quran and discovered a few facts about Islam.
In that time, they started to attack Islam and they continued to attack the Islamic system. The second step was when the Islamic system was destroyed.
However, in Muslim countries, there are many young people who have faith in the Islamic Republic and believe that if the Islamic Republic becomes a democracy, they believe that if the Islamic Republic becomes a democracy, they believe that if the Islamic Republic becomes a democracy, they will be able to eliminate hunger, corruption and corruption from their countries.
Some of them are sincere. I see some of them, whether Muslims or non-Muslims, who are not Muslims. I see some of them, whether Muslims or non-Muslims.
They were martyred because they thought that there was hope in the forest for people.
But they saw that it was not the case. They saw that it was not the case.
As a result, they took the path of Islam.
The Islamic movement that you see in Egypt, Tunusiya, Yemen and other countries is based on Islamic slogans. All of these groups were based on Islamic slogans. All of these groups were based on Islamic slogans. All of these groups were based on Islamic slogans. All of these groups were based on Islamic slogans.
The same is true of our country.
There are certain people who speak about Islam, but these statements are false.
In the aftermath of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) martyrdom, all those groups who took refuge from the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) martyrdom went to Islam. They looked at the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic.
The Islamic system has been established under the Islamic principles. It has been established under the Islamic principles. It has been established under the Islamic principles. It has been established under the Islamic principles. It has been established under the Islamic principles.
The people who want all the things that they need in the Islamic world, but they did not find anything in Islam. Today they see what they need in Islam.
You see what happens?
If they want to defeat this issue, they will not be defeated.
In the United States, in the capital of America, in the capital of New York, in the capital of America, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York, in the capital of New York,
This is what we have said from the beginning. We have always said that we do not agree with the laws of the judiciary, and we do not agree with the laws of the judiciary, and we do not agree with the laws of the judiciary.
It is necessary to be vigilant in this regard.
The scholars of Islam should be prepared.
On the basis of the Holy Quran, the Sunni and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings, the Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings, the Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.
If you do this, you will see that the Islamic faith will be increasing.
I have a lot of experience with you and I have a lot of experience with you. I have a lot of experience with you and I have a lot of experience with you.
In the Name of Allah, put your religious scholars in the places you believe in.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) greetings belongs to all of us.
The Holy Prophet of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) (may our souls be sacrificed for him) has faith in us.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution Addressed Imam Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Radio and Radio Organization (IRIB).
Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, appointed Dr. Abdul'ali Ali Asgari as the new President of the IRIB, after accepting the appointment of the former President Muhammad Sarafraz.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Mr. Sarafraz and I would like to congratulate you for your great efforts in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. I would like to congratulate you for your great efforts in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and I would like to appoint you as the head of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
I would like to tell you that this is the document that I gave to Mr Sarafraz when I was appointed (the position).
I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate: "I would like to reiterate:
I hope Allah the Exalted will help you in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The 22th of Urdebehesht, 1395
On May 11, 2016, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech was delivered on May 11, 2016.
The Leader of the Islamic Conference on the 24th of Imam Khomeini (r.a.)
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on June 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on the occasion of the 24th anniversary of the martyrdom of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful
We would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving us a opportunity and a thousand years to remember our Imam of the Age in such a day and express our gratitude for him.
Although Imam Khomeini has always been alive in the heart of our Iranian nation, the 14th of Khordad is a symbol of appreciation for the Imam of the Age.
In this year, this day coincides with the birthday anniversary of his martyr, Imam Musa bn Ja'far (may Allah the Exalted bestow His blessings on him).
This year coincides with the anniversary of the tragic event of the 15th of Khordad in 1963, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The 15th of Khordad is a very important day and shows the future.
I will discuss this before I go to the main issue and I will discuss it later.
The 15th of Khordad was not the anniversary of the great movement of teachers and people.
Before the 15th of Khordad, there were many important events in the year 1341 and the beginning of the year 1342.
As a example, the incident in the Faiziyya school was reported on February 2, 1342, which led to the death of the Imam of the Age Ayatollah Gorpaygani.
The following is the full text of the full text of the speech delivered on February 1, 1341 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
The following are the signs that the movement of teachers in the year 1341 and the beginning of 1342 has achieved a great achievement.
However, the 15th of Khordad is a very important day.
The reason is that the incident that happened on Khordad 15, 1342 was a manifestation of the relationship between people and teachers in a very difficult time.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on Ashura 13th of Khordad.
The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps arrested Imam (r.a.) on October 15, and in Tehran and other cities, people gathered against the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was arrested in Tehran and in Kum and other cities.
The main point is that this relationship is the source of success for this movement and the source of success for this movement.
The movement will continue. When there is a movement that promotes people and encourages them, this movement will continue.
But if people fail to participate in a manifestation of discord, they will not win.
Similarly, in Iran during the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution
When people enter the arena and oppose a movement, all their thoughts and determination are behind it, the movement will continue and the movement will be successful.
The same was true of the 15th of Khordad.
The following is the full text of the story of the Imam (r.a.) who was arrested in Tehran and other cities from the story of the Imam (r.a.).
Tehran's streets were filled with hearts of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and youth.
In Khordad's 15th of Khordad's regime, the arrogance of the Islamic Republic and the arrogance of the Islamic Republic was revealed in a clear way.
Another point that is related to the 15th of Khordad - which is very important for our youth and our youth - is that during the killings of people in Tehran and other cities, no international organization, called for human rights organizations, said something.
The people and teachers are not only alone in the arena.
The people who are opposed to the resistance of the government - who are opposed to the resistance of the government - also agreed to this movement. They said that this movement is a dangerous movement, a dangerous movement.
In cases where seekers and seekers fail to enter the arena of resistance, they will be accused of arrogance, arrogance, arrogance and arrogance.
They said that the movement of the Imam (r.a.) was a continuation of their movement. They said that the movement of the Imam (r.a.) was a continuation of his movement.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) had faith in three things that he believed in: faith in Allah, faith in the people, faith in the people and faith in the self-sacrifice of Imam Khomeini (s.w.a.) and faith in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.).
Imam Khomeini speaks from his heart and the people responded to his call.
They entered the arena with dignity and dignity.
They took this movement, which has no supporters in the world, to victory.
I would like to explain the three faiths that Imam Khomeini had.
The importance of these things is that if we understand them, they will strengthen our path.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) referred to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) teachings: "The people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the people who said: "You are the
It ignited their faith, and they said: "God has given us and blessed us with the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.) Prophet (s.w.a.).
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said: "If you help Allah, he will help you" (The Holy Quran, 47:7) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said: "If you help Allah, he will help you" (The Holy Quran, 47:7), the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said: "If you help Allah, he will help you" (The Holy Quran, 47:7).
The Imam (r.a.) understood the Iranian nation and the meaning of this word.
The Imam (r.a.) believes that this nation is a faithful, faithful and courageous nation who can show its presence in all arenas as the brightest of the day. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) said that this nation is a faithful nation who can show its presence in all arenas as the brightest of the day.
Imam Khomeini believed that if certain people such as Shah Sultan Hussein and Nadeer Kali - without these characteristics - had entered the Iranian nation from Delhi to Black Sea. Imam Khomeini believed that if certain people such as Nadeer Kali - had entered the Iranian nation from Delhi to Black Sea.
He recognized the Iranian nation and believed in them.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the religious faith of the Iranian nation as a source of insight and insight.
The people were very proud of Imam Khomeini and the enemies of the people and the enemy as the greatest enemy.
This is the reason why you see that Imam Khomeini has not shown resistance in the fight against the arrogant powers because the arrogant powers are against the people and Imam Khomeini believes that the arrogant powers are against the people and Imam Khomeini believes that the arrogant powers are against the people and Imam Khomeini believes that the arrogant powers are against the people and Imam Khomeini believes that the arrogant powers are against the people and Imam Khomeini believes that the arrogant powers are against the people and Imam Khomeini believes that the arrogant powers are against the people and Imam Khomeini believes that the arrogant powers are against the people and Imam Khomeini believes that the arrogant powers are
The Imam (r.a.) told the Iranian nation that we can.
In Ashura 1342, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) told the world that if you continue to do what you do, he will tell the people to remove you from Iran. In Ashura 1342, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) told the world that if you continue doing what you do, he will tell the people that if you continue doing what you do, I will tell the people to remove you from Iran.
The scholar is a resident of Kum, which has no money, money or support from the international community.
In this regard, faith and faith are the guarantees of a person in this regard.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Imam Khomeini (r.a.) in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
Ayatollah Khamenei believed that he was proud of his power.
The Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, and the Holy Quran.
The enemy has played a role in establishing their power on other nations. One of the most important factors that the enemy has played in establishing their power on other nations is to make people feel that they are not able to do anything.
In this regard, the Iranian nation has been moving forward for more than three decades in the arena of political, scientific, economic and other areas of life.
He told the Iranian nation that ‘You can’.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) returned to us with dignity, dignity and dignity.
The Iranian nation has made a lot of progress over the past 30 years. We have made a lot of progress over the past 30 years.
The faith and faith of the Imam, the faith and faith of the people, the faith of the people, the faith of the people and the faith of the people, the faith of the people and the faith of the people, the faith of the people and the faith of the people, the faith of the people and the faith of the people, the faith of the people and the faith of the people, the faith of the people and the faith of the people, the faith of the people and the faith of the people and the faith of the people, the faith of the people and the faith of the people and the faith of the people, the faith of the people and the faith of the people and the faith of the people and the faith of the people and the faith of the people and the faith of the people and the faith
In the beginning of this movement, these three faiths gave Imam Khomeini power.
The same was true of when he was deported to Paris, the same is true of when he went to Paris, the same is true of when he went to Paris, the same is true of when he went to Paris, the same is true of when he returned to Iran.
This is how Imam Khomeini managed to reach Tehran in such a situation.
The following is the full text of the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) speech, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.
This is the basis of Imam Khomeini's position and all his activities.
Since the beginning of his life, nobody has seen a manifestation of arrogance or arrogance in the speeches and actions of the great Imam.
The majority of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, when the years commence, often face a lot of doubts about what they are doing.
In some cases, they leave the arena without the words that they said before.
But Imam Khomeini's speeches in the beginning of his life were more than his speech in the year 1342.
But his heart is young, his soul is alive.
In the Holy Quran, this is the height of the water that is mentioned in the Holy Quran: "If they reach the path, we will throw them a lot of water" [The Holy Quran, 7:2:16].
The following is the full text of the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran
The Iranian nation has changed its power, and Allah the Exalted has changed their behavior.
In the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation changed their path, Allah the Exalted helped them and helped them.
What is the result?
On the contrary, there are many things that we should know about the resistance of the Pahlawi regime - which was earlier than the reign of Kajar muni - during the reign of Kajar muni.
This arrogance has been viewed as a divine blessing.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, one American diplomat told him: "We are here to tell him (Shah) what he needs and what he does not need.
They tell him that you should have a separate relationship.
When you buy a fuel, you buy a fuel, you buy a fuel, you buy a fuel, you buy a fuel, you buy a fuel, and you do not buy a fuel.
In a country that depends on certain people, it was transformed into a democracy and a divine nation.
The enemies of the country, the enemies of the world and the enemies of the world were elected, but they were changed to representatives of the people.
They were changed by government officials and elected by the people.
In the past 30 years, the officials of the country and the political and economic affairs of the country have been representatives of the people.
This is a very important point. They did not shut down their wealth when they were elected - although some are more than others - but this is a very important point.
The evil politicians who stand up against the enemy and express their disgust to the people, transformed our country into a pioneering country in the arena of knowledge. This country is a pioneering country in the arena of knowledge.
Before the victory of the Revolution, we had no progress in the field of education in the country.
What is this?
In the near future - until 2017 - Iran will be ranked fourth in the world.
What is this?
We are a country where if we want to build a road, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam, a dam and a dam.
But today the youth of this nation have built thousands of companies, thousands of ships, thousands of roads, thousands of roads and thousands of roads in the country.
If we should open our eyes on all these things, why should we open our eyes on all these things?
It is necessary to travel to European hospitals, if they have money, they must travel to European hospitals if they have money, if they have money, they will die.
However, today in our country, the most important and important medical activities are being done in Tehran and many other cities.
The Iranian nation does not need foreigners in this regard.
We have a very important role in this regard.
In that time, many of the cities of the country were visited in many parts of the country.
After the victory of the Revolution, I visited many cities and cities of the country.
However, today there are different kinds of assistance in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country, in different parts of the country and in different parts of the country.
Today there is nobody who can say that the streets have electricity or other such things.
In that time, before the victory of the Revolution, the number of the people of the country was about three million, while the university students were about three million.
Today the number of people is two, but the number of students is six, and the number of teachers is six.
The number of teachers is related to the number of teachers and universities.
In each city, there is a university, one, two, five, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a few, a
In that time, there was a state in which the number of secondary school schools had not been reached the maximum number of students.
But today in this state, every city is equipped with teachers.
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation during the past 30 years.
This is a very important point.
The following is the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the full text of the speech.
The products that we have imported from foreign countries are now sold in the country, but today they are sold many in the country.
It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
This is due to the three faiths and faiths that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) established in the hearts of the people of the country, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith
We did not say these remarks for the sake of arrogance. We did not say these remarks for the sake of arrogance.
In fact, there is a lot of work ahead of us.
I would like to tell you that if we compare ourselves to the time of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) victory, there will be a lot of differences between us. But if we compare ourselves to the time of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) victory, there will be a lot of differences between us. If we compare ourselves to the time of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) victory. But if we compare ourselves to the time of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) victory, there will be a lot of differences between us.
I would like to say this because our great nation knows that the path will be achieved by following these three faiths.
They know that there is a gap in the path. You know that there is a gap in the path. You know that there is a gap in the path. You know that there is a gap in the path.
You can continue following this path towards the peaks where you want to be reached.
I would like to say this because you know that the enemy is trying to raise awareness in our minds, because they are trying to raise awareness in our minds.
The path is ahead of us.
We have a map.
What is the meaning of our path?
The Imam's (r.a.) teachings will help us and help us identify our path. Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings will help us and help us identify our path. Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings will help us and help us identify our path.
I do not see any use of Imam Khomeini's name, but I do not see any use of Imam Khomeini's teachings. This is a mistake.
The map is accompanied by Imam Khomeini, and he explained it to us.
In terms of domestic politics, the Imam of the Age (r.a.) advised the Iranian nation to stand up against the tyranny of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of the enemies of
The Imam (r.a.) is with us.
Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings and writings are among us. In the Islamic world, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings are among us. In the Islamic world, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings are among us. In the Islamic world, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings are among us. In the Islamic world, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings are among us. In the Islamic world, Imam Khomeini's (r.a.) teachings are among us.
In the economic arena, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) referred to the principles of the Imam (r.a.) - the principles of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) - are the same. Imam Khomeini (r.a.) referred to the principles of the Imam (r.a.) - that is to say, the principles of the Imam (r.a.) - are the principles that Imam Khomeini (r.a.) referred to the principles of the Islamic Republic.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) demanded that we should remain vigilant in the world and that we should be vigilant in the economy of the country.
The Iranian nation can reduce the obstacles that exist in the Iranian nation through faith, faith and understanding of the Imam of the Age (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can continue.
The Iranian nation can continue to follow the path of the Islamic Revolution throughout the past 30 years, and it will be a source of knowledge for all Muslim nations.
However, the issue of elections is the issue of today.
I would like to thank you dear brothers and sisters, I would like to thank you dear Iranian people.
The Holy Quran is the symbol of all the three faiths that are together with Imam Khomeini and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
This is our responsibility, our responsibility is to remain vigilant in the future of our country.
The Iranian nation has this responsibility.
That is to say, the election is a manifestation of the faith of the people, because the people vote on government officials through elections.
This is a sign of trust, because anyone who votes in the elections will see that he has played a role in determining the future of the country. He has played a role in determining the future of the country. He has played a role in determining the future of the country.
This is a very important point.
The election is a manifestation of God's faith, and it is a manifestation of faith.
Each vote that you vote on one of the parties - those who are in the arena - will be rejected by the Islamic Republic.
The vote for each of the candidates is a vote for the Islamic Republic. It is a vote for the Islamic Republic. It is a vote for the Islamic Republic.
In the arena of elections, whether they are the candidates or they are the candidates - including me and you - they believe in the Islamic Republic and the Islamic system.
The second point is the issue of making a foreigner like you, your wife or your wife choose to be a foreigner as well as other foreigners.
This election is a great opportunity for the Islamic system. But this election is a great opportunity for the Islamic system. This election is a great opportunity for the Islamic system.
Their responsibility is to prepare the elections with dignity, to ensure that people are afraid of the Islamic system, or to create a fitna during the elections, according to the year 2009.
This is what the enemy wants.
The enemy believes that the majority of the Iranian nation is opposed to the Islamic Republic. They believe that the majority of the Iranian nation is opposed to the Islamic Republic. They believe that the majority of the Iranian nation is opposed to the Islamic Republic.
In order to stop this election, they have prepared themselves to speak on these social media platforms.
In some cases, they say that the election is a very good election, in other cases, they say that the election is not a fair election, in other cases, they say that the election is not fair in the eyes of the people.
In fact, they do not know our people, they do not know our people, they do not know our elections, they do not know the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of foreign journalists?
In the countries of journalists, if you are not part of one of these two or three parties and if you are not part of one of these two or three parties and if you have no support from the journalists and their agents, you can only vote for the elections.
There are some people who do not support the Palestinians, do not support the Islamic Republic and do not support the Islamic Republic's journalists. All they do, they will not enter the arena of elections.
They didn’t have newspapers with them, and they didn’t have newspapers that will broadcast their programmes.
That is to say, a lot of money will be spent to carry out their efforts in a few minutes.
In our country, elections without losing or disgraced, will be limited to a few days to deliver their message to people.
In what areas of the world, is there such a situation in all parts of the world?
The law that is necessary in the arena of elections is not the law.
According to the law, one cannot go to the arena of elections, another cannot go to the arena of elections.
The law defines the conditions which are necessary, which are necessary, which are necessary and which are necessary.
This is done on the basis of law.
The enemy is sitting in a room to shut down all these things. As I said, the enemy is sitting in a room to shut down all these things.
But the Iranian nation will give these people a response through their presence, their presence and their presence.
I would like to explain a few examples to the candidates and during the elections, the great candidates acted on government policies. This is their right.
They can do anything that they see in their opinion is wrong, but they should be based on determination, determination, and determination to achieve a good future.
They should pay attention to this issue. They should pay attention to this issue. They should pay attention to this issue. They should pay attention to this issue.
I would like to ask the people who want to raise public attention to them, to make justice in their speeches.
They did, but they did not mean that they did not mean that they did not mean that they did not promote the achievements that have been made in this government or in previous governments.
You should not be afraid of the efforts that have been made in the past.
In the present time, anybody who is elected to the throne in the country does not need to start immediately, because there have been many great achievements.
Thousands of years, during different governments, have been made many projects in different areas.
It is not necessary to ignore these things.
This is wrong. All these things should not be done just because we are faced with a financial crisis and a lack of production. This is wrong.
However, if we have a solution to these problems, we should not try to solve all of them.
However, there should not be restrictions that cannot be ignored.
I would like to invite all candidates to explain what they have said in the past few months. I would like to invite all candidates to explain what they have said in the future.
If they are presented in the future, you will not be tempted to deny the responsibility of this and that.
You should do whatever you can.
In our country and according to our constitution, the president has a great power.
The power of the government in our Constitution is a great power.
The Leader of the Islamic Republic is responsible for all the affairs of the country. He is responsible for all the affairs of the country. He is responsible for all the affairs of the country.
In different areas, the slogans of the President are displayed in different areas.
The only thing that is necessary is the responsibility of the law.
The law does not mean that the law does not mean that the law does not mean that the law does not mean that the law does not mean that the law does not mean that the law does not mean that the law does not mean that the law does not mean that the law does not mean that the law does not mean equality.
The law is a religious law, not a religious law.
Today the people speak to people, tell them what they need and what the people need.
If they have a plan and a plan, they should tell people, they should make efforts to fulfill their responsibilities and they should make efforts to fulfill their responsibilities.
Some people have a wrong idea that we should be aggressive against the enemy to reduce our threats.
This is a mistake. This is a mistake.
The enemy is based on your presence, the presence of you, the presence of you, the presence of you, the presence of the Islamic Republic, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation, the presence of the Iranian nation
This is the reason for their arrogance.
If the Iranian nation remains strong, if the Iranian nation remains strong, if the Iranian nation remains strong, if the Iranian nation remains strong, if the Iranian nation remains strong, if the Iranian nation remains strong, if the enemy cannot stand up against the Iranian nation, the enemy cannot stand up against the Iranian nation.
The most important thing is faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith
You dear brothers and sisters, the past few days are the beginning of a great examination. I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow success on the people.
‘No power or power will be given to Allah the Exalted and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
The Pride of All Europeans and Southern America
The recent events in France and other Western countries have made me think that I should speak with you.
I am talking to you, I am talking to you, I am talking to you, I am talking to you, I am talking to you, I am talking to you, I am talking to you, I am talking to you, I am talking to you, I am talking to you, I am talking to you.
I am not talking to politicians and officials of the Islamic Republic, but I believe that they have taken their political and political positions off the path of truth and truth.
The following is the full text of your speech on Islam, particularly on the concept of Islam.
It has been a long time since the collapse of the Sobiyet.
The truth is that such a situation in the history of the Islamic Ummah is a very serious issue in the history of the Islamic Ummah.
I would not want to speak about the threats and threats that have remained in the minds of the people of the Islamic Republic.
If you take a look at history, you will see that ancient scholars have rejected the evil policies and policies of the Zionist regime.
In the history of Europe and America, the history of Europe and America has been destroyed by corruption, corruption and persecution of those who are faithful and those who are faithful and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers and those who are believers.
The scholars and scholars of your history are aware of the differences between Catholics and Protestants in the world of one and two worlds.
I would like to raise a focus on the historical aspects of the events, but I would like to ask your teachers what is behind the events. I want to ask your teachers what is behind the historical aspects of the events. I want to ask your teachers what is behind the historical aspects of the events.
What causes people to ignore the events that have happened in the history of the past few decades?
What makes people deprived of the important aspects of the Islamic Ummah?
You know that self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice and self-sacrifice are a source of violence and evil use of human beings.
I would like to ask you, what is the reason why today the Islamic Republic and Muslims have returned to the old political system that threatens the Islamic Republic and Muslims?
What has changed the world’s political system today?
What are these things that are in the minds of the Islamic Ummah that will be a source of inspiration for the affairs of the nations of the world and what will be achieved in the face of the Islamic Ummah?
In this regard, the first requirement is to ask and analyze the reasons behind this great effort.
The second point is that when you respond to the false propaganda against the Islamic Ummah, you should try to understand the Islamic Ummah and the truth of the Islamic Ummah.
I would not say that you should not be afraid of the truth or understanding of Islam, but I would say that you should not be afraid of the truth. I would not say that you should not be afraid of the truth or understanding of Islam, but I would say that you should not be afraid of the truth.
I would not allow them to present you with the terrorists who are under the control of their power as a representative of Islam.
It is necessary to understand Islam from its origin.
The Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) life of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) (may Allah's favor be upon him and his household).
I would like to ask you, do you still read the Holy Quran online?
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) teaches you the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.
What do you know about the message of Islam in a different way, not in the media?
The Holy Quran was created in a way that the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) managed to be the greatest religion and the greatest intellectuals and intellectuals of the world, and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) managed to become the greatest religion and the greatest intellectuals of the world.
I ask you to refrain from using political propaganda and violence to derail you from truth, and eliminate your ability to act in justice from you.
In the recent days when social media has changed its view of the borders, you should not let these borders be destroyed.
Of course, there is no one who can achieve this kind of growth, but every one of you can create a sense of justice and justice for this kind of growth.
The issue between Islam and you youth is a very difficult issue, but it can provoke new questions in your minds.
The efforts to answer these questions will give you a chance to discover new truths.
However, you should not let this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam be deprived of you. You should not let this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam be deprived of you. You should not let this opportunity to understand the truth of Islam be deprived of you.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader Announces Dr.Ahmadinejad as Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Ayatollah Khamenei, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, has appointed the former President of Iran Dakta Mahmud Ahmadinejad as the Chairman of the Islamic Council of Iran.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful
The achievements and achievements that you have made over the past five years as the President of the Islamic Republic of Iran and the achievements that you have made in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving me another opportunity to meet you dear brothers and sisters, the dear brothers and sisters of Mashhad, the dear brothers and sisters of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the dear brothers and sisters of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the dear brothers and sisters of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the dear brothers and sisters of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the dear brothers and sisters of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) household, the dear brothers and sisters of the Holy Prophet (s.w
I would like to congratulate the Imam of the Age on the arrival of the new year. I hope that this year will be a year of happiness, happiness, happiness and happiness for all the Iranian nation.
These are some things that I want to discuss in this meeting with you dear brothers and sisters.
The first point is to look at the events that happened in our country, our nation and our country and the events that happened in the world and this region.
The reason why we are talking about the events that happened in 1390, particularly the achievements of the Iranian nation.
The Commanders of the Armed Forces and their supporters of our region - who have used all their power, money, propaganda and political power - have used all their power, including money, money, propaganda and political power to deceive the Iranian nation.
Everyone who is listening to the propaganda against the Iranian nation can see that these efforts, political efforts, political threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats, military threats and other such things
In fact, they want to spread this faith that "we will be able to do something" which the Imam (r.a.) teaches us and the Revolution gave us the power to believe that we will be able to do something.
The year ahead was the year when they made efforts to achieve this goal.
I hope that the Iranian nation will be able to achieve the goals that they hoped that the Iranian nation will be able to achieve the goals that they hoped that the Iranian nation will be able to achieve the goals that they hoped that the Iranian nation will be able to achieve the goals that they hoped.
The reason why we should speak about the achievements and achievements is to prove that the Iranian nation is able to use the power of its country and to prove that the Iranian nation is able to use the power of its country.
We do not have a lot of weakness, we do not have a lot of weakness. But we have a lot of weakness.
We have given 1390 the name of "The Year of Economic Development", and this year I will start speaking about the issue of economic development.
The achievements of the officials of the country in the arena of economic affairs and the presence of the people during the past year are very appreciated.
This is one of the things that can be noticed in this regard.
The majority of the intellectuals, whether in the past or in the current government, believe that implementation of this policy is necessary in the country. Everyone believes that implementation of this policy is necessary in the country.
This is a very important issue. Even though this is a very important issue, the government and the parliament during the past year, in a situation in which the situation is more difficult, they have made efforts to carry out these efforts and they have continued to carry out these efforts.
It is not safe, but what the officials of the government - whether in the government or in the parliament - have done and they have made a very important job.
It is necessary to think about them, but it is necessary to think about them. This is a great job.
One of the goals of this initiative is to reduce the amount of government assistance to the people.
In a recent interview, I referred to this issue. I referred to this issue. I referred to this issue.
I have a lot of information from different parts of the country that shows that this has played a role in improving the lives of the disabled people in the community.
This is one of the goals of this initiative.
The other goal is to improve the quality of production and the economy of the country.
It is possible to change this according to the findings of the economy - which all have agreed on - through the implementation of this initiative. It is possible to change the quality of the products and the use of it.
This is another goal.
We are a country that is blessed with oil, gas, and petroleum.
The use of these weapons has made many different countries - and it is possible to say that more than all countries of the world.
According to the study, it shows that if we have not started implementing this initiative, the use of the oil used in the country would be comparable to what we used today.
If we are not able to produce enough food in the country, what should we do?
It is necessary to bring a foreigner to the hands of the enemy. It is necessary to bring a foreigner to the hands of the enemy.
However, because of this effort, we achieved the achievement of producing a tomato. Today the tomato is very good, so we do not need to buy a tomato.
This was the work that was done in 1390, when our enemies imposed sanctions on us to destroy our nation.
The youth of our nation have made efforts, through their efforts, and through their efforts, they have successfully managed to defeat the enemy.
The great work that has been done in the past few years is the work that has been done in the field of knowledge and technology.
The economy is one of the pillars of economic stability.
When a nation develops knowledge and develops technology, it will gain power and political power.
Because the importance of knowledge and technology is very important, I would like to give this issue a particular importance.
I receive various reports from different parts of the country and I can tell you that the progress that has been made in the country has been more than what has been announced. I can tell you that the progress that has been made in the country has been more than what has been announced.
Of course, according to the findings of the global scientific organizations - which are not our scientific organizations - the greatest progress of knowledge in the world is what is happening in Iran.
In 1390, which was comparable to 2011 martyrdom, the Iranian nation achieved a significant improvement in knowledge compared to the 2010 martyrdom. What is the meaning of this?
This happened when the enemies of the Iranian nation threatened the Iranian nation with threatening the Iranian nation and threatening the Iranian nation with threats, but the Iranian nation managed to achieve this goal.
Today in their reports - which are the most trusted scientific organizations in the world - they are reporting that in this region Iran is the first in the arena of scientific progress and the eightth in the world.
This is a report by some people who believe that they are able to make a mistake. In 1390, we achieved a lot of progress in the field of chemistry, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of nuclear technology, in the field of
This determination of the nuclear fraction, which was established in the year 1389 by the Americans and other countries, was established in the year 1389 by the Americans and other countries before us.
It is necessary to supply nuclear fuel (about six per cent) to our research center in Tehran, because the nuclear fuel is already safe.
In order to give us nuclear fuel, they stipulate that we should export our nuclear fuel to foreign countries. But we did not accept this.
The Brazil and the Turkish officials met with our President and signed a agreement.
But after the agreement was signed, the Americans rejected the agreement. They rejected the agreement, but they rejected the agreement.
This was the result of the lack of fulfilling the promise of the Americans. This is the result of the lack of fulfilling the promise of the American governments in Brazil and Turkey. This is the result of the lack of fulfilling the promise of the Uranium.
In the year earlier, they produced a nuclear capacity of about a quarter of the nuclear capacity of Tehran and announced this to the world.
Although they know that the Tehran hospital is based on supplying medicine - that is to say, it is based on supplying medicine - but they insisted that it is based on supplying medicine - but they insisted that it is based on supplying medicine.
This is what our youth have made.
This is a difficult task, but it is a difficult task, but it is a difficult task. It is a difficult task, but it is a difficult task.
This was the case in 1390.
In fact, when there was a discussion about the nuclear content in the country, they told us that we can produce the nuclear content in the country. They said that we can produce the nuclear content in the country. They said that we can produce the nuclear content in the country. They said that we can produce the nuclear content in the country. They said that we can produce the nuclear content in the world.
This was the case in 1390.
The increase in the number of vaccines in the country, the increase in the number of vaccines in the country, the rise in the number of vaccines in the country, the rise in the number of vaccines in the country, the rise in the number of vaccines in the country, the rise in the number of vaccines in the country, the rise in the number of vaccines in the country.
This is a part of the achievements achieved in the year 'The Economic Revolution' (the year earlier).
This is a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress, a scientific progress and a scientific progress.
The following is the full text of the full text of the speech delivered on February 1390.
I have seen many achievements in different areas of knowledge. I have seen many achievements in different areas. I have seen many achievements in different areas. I have seen many achievements in different areas. I have seen many achievements in different areas. I have seen many achievements in different areas.
First, the spirit of jihad is in the minds of the jihadists.
That is to say, they are jihadists. They are jihadists. They are jihadists. They are jihadists. They are jihadists.
There are differences between those who work for money, for fame, for fame, for fame or for their knowledge and those who work as jihadist because Allah's favor.
This is a very important issue.
The second point is that our people have changed the sanctions that have been imposed on our nation to another opportunity.
I told some people that we are thankful to Allah who has given us sanctions.
This feeling that the sanctions that the enemy imposed on us as a opportunity, is very important.
The second thing that I saw in that room was the greatness of self-sacrifice.
Some of these industries are only limited to three countries. They do not allow anybody to benefit from this technology.
Thousands of thousands of dollars have been spent in this arena.
In my eyes, I see that our brothers and sisters believe that we will be able to do so.
The unity between a nation and a group of youth is very important.
The same is true of respect for women.
The work is a responsibility of the youth.
The youth are the source of innovation and innovation.
The same is true of the relationship between the industry and the universities.
I always advise the officials of different sectors that have cooperation with the previous governments to make efforts to strengthen the relationship between industries and universities.
I was surprised that in that meeting, I saw that the relationship was established.
The same is true of all our universities and universities. It is necessary to combine all our universities and universities. It is necessary to combine all our universities and universities.
This is the economic sector in 1390. This is the year when the enemy has spread threats, threats, threats, threats, and sanctions.
The Americans are trying to enforce this sanctions in all parts of the world. They are trying to derail the Iranian nation and create discord between the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic.
This year, there were many achievements that have been made in 1390. These are the achievements that have been made in the region in 1390.
In Tehran, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Islamic Revolution's Guards
The Islamic Republic of Iran has been the center of the world of Islam, and today they are beginning.
In the sector of economic development, a number of buildings have been built and distributed to the public.
This is a great achievement.
This is what we have achieved in the past 30 years.
Inspite of the evil threats of the enemy and their evil ambitions, this nation has remained strong and achieved the achievements that have been achieved.
I would like to appreciate that the elections have not been completed. I hope that the people will be prepared for the second round of the election.
This election is very important.
I would like to tell you, I would like to tell you, about six months ago they have been trying to destroy the hearts of the people to escape.
In some cases, they said that if the people fail to enter the elections, the Iranian nation will be defeated. They said that if the people fail to enter the elections, the Iranian nation will be defeated. They said that if the people fail to enter the elections, the Iranian nation will be defeated.
In some cases, by killing our enemy - which has been killed for over six months - they are trying to deceive our people and destroy them.
In the past few years, the number of people during the elections of the House of Representatives and the House of Representatives (US) was less than 40 per cent.
If you compare the Iranian nation with the Iranian nation - if you compare the Iranian nation with the Iranian nation - then the importance of this issue will be revealed.
Their hope is that this 12th of Esfand is the day of unity between the people and the Islamic Republic. But according to their hopes, this day is the day of unity between the people and the Islamic Republic.
This election was a source of truth and power.
They have been spreading false information on Iran, spreading fake news on Iran and spreading fake news, but they are not able to fight this election.
The same is true of the eyes of people.
This election was like a powerful newspaper that could show the realities of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic to other nations.
This is what happened in 1390. This was the year when the enemy deployed all their powers to destroy the Iranian nation.
This is one of the great achievements of the Iranian nation in 1390.
Since the introduction of the issue of nuclear weapons, the enemy has gone away from it.
In fact, they know that Iran does not want to build nuclear weapons.
This is the fact that we do not want to make nuclear weapons. We do not want to make nuclear weapons. We do not want to make nuclear weapons. We do not want to make nuclear weapons. We do not want to make nuclear weapons. We do not want to make nuclear weapons. We do not want to make nuclear weapons. We do not want to make nuclear weapons. We do not want to make nuclear weapons.
What is the origin of this?
The main point is the determination of the Islamic system to protect the wealth of the country.
Today and today - like Yesterday - the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy, the economy and the
In the future, the world will need gas. This is a fact that everybody knows.
The powers of the world know that their life is dependent on oil and gas.
When they fail to find a good commodity in a low price, they will have to pay attention to their weakness and they will have to pay attention to their weakness. When they fail to find a good commodity in a low price, they will have to pay attention to their weakness.
It is necessary to use the resources of certain countries. They should use the resources of certain countries.
The United States, which has accumulated more than three billion barrels of rice, according to our calculations - which depends on the calculations of the Americans - has now accumulated more than three billion barrels of rice to 2021, which depends on the calculations of the Americans.
In that time, they would depend on the fuel from the Tekun Fasha region, where more than half of the world's fuel is coming from this region.
In that time they would be dependent on the three oil fields of our region and the Persian Gulf. One of these oil fields is Iran, which I will discuss more about this.
In the world - not just the Persian Gulf, but also the Persian Gulf - the most valuable and most valuable country in the world is the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Some countries are more valuable than us, some are more valuable than us.
In the arena of gas, we are the second country in the world - Russia is the first, and we are the fourth. In the arena of oil and gas, we are the fourth country in the world. In the arena of oil and gas, we are the fourth country in the world.
This is a very important point for the countries that use oil, oil and gas. This is a very important point for the countries that use oil and gas.
The Islamic Republic of Iran will remain alive for a few years, but the Islamic Republic of Iran will remain alive for a few years. This is a very important point.
In a country where there is petroleum and gas, what the arrogant powers want?
That is to say, they want this country to be based on a government and a system that is like a block in the hands of America: they want this country to be based on a government and a system that is like a block in the hands of America: they want the country to be based on a system that is like a block in the hands of America: they want the country to be based on a system that is like a block in the hands of America: they want the country to be based on a system that is like a block in the hands of America: they want the country to be based on a system that is like a block in the hands of America: they want the country to be based on a system that is like a block in the hands of America: they want the
If in Iran, which is the largest producer of oil and gas, there is a government that is committed to protecting this oil and gas, a government that is committed to protecting this oil and gas, they will oppose this system.
The people who think that if we take a back on the issue of the nuclear issue, America will end its negotiations with us.
Their problems are not related to climate change.
There are certain countries that have nuclear powers in our region, but they are not afraid of them.
The issue of nuclear weapons is not just the issue of nuclear weapons, but also the issue of human rights.
The issue is that the Islamic Republic stands up against them as a bird.
If the Islamic Republic is like some other countries of the region, it will not be able to fight against its people, it will not be able to fight against them.
This is the reason why they are trying to defeat the Iranian nation. This is the reason why they are trying to defeat the Iranian nation.
In fact, Americans are wrong.
That is to say, it is a mistake to think that by using threats and threats, they can derail the Islamic Republic of Iran from the arena, or they can derail the Islamic Republic from the arena.
The nations of the world do not allow their nation to understand the dangers that they will face in the arena of their agriculture.
He does not want the people to know what they think about the issue of petroleum and fuel. He does not want the people to know what they think about the issue of petroleum and fuel.
They believe that by showing unity and unity with the Iranian nation, they can further their efforts.
I would like to tell you, my dear brothers and sisters, that America with all its power, all its efforts, all its efforts, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the efforts that it has made, all the
I do not want to make a statement or a particular statement. I do not want to make a statement or a particular statement. I do not want to make a statement or a particular statement. I do not want to make a statement or a particular statement. I do not want to make a statement or a particular statement. I do not want to make a statement or a particular statement.
You see the President of the United States now holds the throne as a result of his "victory" tweet.
What is the meaning of change?
I would like to change this situation. I would like to change this situation.
The same is true of the slogan, and the people rejected the slogan, but they rejected the slogan, but they rejected the slogan, but they rejected the slogan, but they rejected the slogan, but they rejected the slogan.
The effect of this change on the people of America is indicative of the greatness of the situation of the people of America. The situation of America when this person was elected, according to the Americans, is a very valuable situation. The situation of America when this person was elected, according to the Americans, is a very valuable situation. The situation of America when this person was elected, according to the Americans, is a very valuable situation.
This is a very difficult situation.
I do not want to say this, the people of America and the people of the Islamic Republic said that the situation is very difficult.
This is why this person was elected to the throne, or it caused a change?
Is he able to change this tragic situation?
This reward is appropriate or comparable to what they are doing in the country.
This is a great issue for a country.
This is the situation that they are faced with. This is the situation that they are faced with.
In Muslim countries, in Egypt, in northern Africa, in Tunusiya, America has fallen behind their eyes.
In addition to all these things, the Wall Street movement took place in America.
What is a good situation?
As a result, America is in a difficult situation.
In the case of America, America threatens certain countries.
I want to tell you that we do not have nuclear powers, we do not have nuclear powers, but we do not have nuclear powers, but we do not have nuclear powers.
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) advised us that: "And those who are against you, who are against you, who are against you, who are against you, who are against you, who are against you, who are against you and who are against you, they will not be rewarded and they will not be rewarded."
The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, says: "The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23, [The Holy Quran, 48:22-23
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) said that if you start a war, you will win. You will win. You will win. You will win.
But Allah (s.w.a.) promises that when the enemy starts attacking you, they will be defeated.
It is not necessary to think that this is the first point of Islam. It is not necessary to think that this is the first point of Islam. It is necessary to think that "The path of Allah is the path of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's
The Iranian nation is committed to all kinds of efforts and does not want to defeat anyone, but it is committed to the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic and all its resources.
This is to say, when you are exporters of domestic products, you are helping the economy of Iran, you are helping the economy of the Iranian nation, you are helping the economy of the Iranian nation, you are helping the economy of the Iranian nation, and you are helping the economy of the Iranian nation.
This society - which is very tragic in certain parts of our nation - is a disaster for our nation, a disaster for our future and our future.
Each of us has a responsibility, it is necessary to strengthen our domestic products.
Today government officials have a responsibility in their hands, they can use this opportunity to strengthen domestic production.
The people - whether they are laborers or laborers - should be united in one way.
It is necessary to be careful and utilize domestic products.
However, it is not necessary to compare foreign products in our home, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our household, in our
I heard that some of the products that are produced in certain parts of the country have been exported to foreign companies and returned to them.
In fact, if they are sold in the market, they will not want them, but if they are registered in the market, they will go to the market. This is a mistake.
The production of domestic products is very important.
In the field of production, the majority of the work is done by the people. This is a part of the Islamic Revolution's Islamic Revolution's Islamic Revolution's Islamic Revolution's Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and a part of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps
You dear brothers and sisters of all the country, today we need unity and cooperation.
There are many factors that cause discord and discord.
In certain cases, a person's view of the situation is different, but this does not cause conflict.
In a situation where a person has a different view, a person has a different view, a person has a different view, a person has a different view, a person has a different view.
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran,
The enormous power of our enemy has been lost in recent years due to the conflict between us.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) explained to us, saying: "Whoever asks truth but rejects it, is not different from whoever asks truth."
When a person is looking for truth, believes in the Islamic Republic, believes in the Islamic Republic, believes in the Islamic Republic, believes in the Islamic Republic, believes in the Islamic Republic and believes in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy
He is different from a person who is opposed to the Islamic system and is opposed to the Islamic system.
The truth is that the modern media and internet have allowed people to make false statements about themselves. The truth is that the modern media and internet have allowed people to make false statements about themselves.
The main reason is that we should be careful about the Islamic values. We should be careful about the law.
However, this statement should not be considered a false statement that would cause some people to accuse our youth of the Islamic Revolution as a false statement.
I see all the youth of the country who are proud of the Islamic Revolution as a supporter and I would like to congratulate all the youth who are proud of the Islamic Revolution. I would like to congratulate all the youth who are proud of the Islamic Revolution. I would like to congratulate all the youth who are proud of the Islamic Revolution. I would like to congratulate all the youth who are proud of the Islamic Revolution.
It is necessary to respect the law.
The negotiations between the Revolution and the Revolution are in the framework of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the Iranian government.
The government appreciates the power of the government, the government appreciates the power of the government, the government appreciates the power of the government and the government.
This does not mean that all of them should be different. It is not necessary that all of them should be different. It is not necessary that all of them should be different.
I hope that the year 1391 will be one of the best years for the Iranian nation.
Allah the Exalted, by the blessings of Muhammad and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophe
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) grace, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) grace, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) grace, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) grace, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) grace, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) grace, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) grace, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) grace, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) grace, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful
I would like to extend my greetings to all dear brothers and sisters who attended this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow His blessings on our souls and our souls on the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) favor.
This is a good opportunity for me that every year, during the Holy Prophet's Day, I have the opportunity to speak with you and discuss the events that have happened in the country, the events that have happened in the past and the events that will happen in the future.
Our dear brothers and sisters, you should know that we are not just responsible for our affairs, we are also responsible for our actions, we are responsible for our actions, we are responsible for our actions, we are responsible for our actions, we are responsible for our actions and we are responsible for our actions.
The Iranian nation is proud of the achievements that we have achieved. They are proud of the achievements that we have achieved.
If we win a victory, they will feel that they have made a victory.
This is to say, there are some people in the world who are committed to our actions, but they are different from the first.
They are hopeful of the Iranian nation.
That is to say, they are the people who have been responsible for all the issues of the country, they are the people who have been responsible for all the issues of the country.
On the occasion of the Revolution, the Islamic Revolution went to their knees.
This is because they are opposed to the Revolution. They are opposed to the government created by the Revolution.
We are in the presence of a large number of human beings.
This is why when we look at our current and future achievements, our outlook should be clear and accurate.
Some of us when we look at the situation of the country, they are not looking at the characteristics of the country.
It is not possible to see a lack of domestic products, lack of domestic products in some areas, lack of domestic products in some areas and lack of sanctions.
I have a different perspective.
When I look at the situation of our country and the situation of our nation, I see that the Iranian nation has been victorious in this arena.
However, there are certain problems in the country. There are certain problems in the country. Some people from the powers of the world who are trying to deceive the Iranian nation. They say that they are trying to deceive the Iranian nation.
Another woman, formerly a secretary of state, says that we want to impose sanctions on the Islamic Republic.
It is clear that they have said this. I will explain what they have done and what they have done.
In one hand, there is a great resistance against the enemy and in the other hand, there is a great resistance against the enemy and in the other hand, there are great achievements that show the greatness of the Iranian nation.
When a person looks at this arena, it is like a sports arena where athletes are trying to show their talents, but one year he will win the game and the other people will appreciate him.
That is to say, the Iranian nation is the guardian of this great arena.
The Iranian nation will be thankful to the Iranian nation as well as to the people of the world, especially from the countries that are opposed to the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, officials, officials, and other people who know where the world is going, all of them are proud of the Iranian nation.
It is necessary to look at all the efforts that have been made in different parts of the country and the results that will be achieved.
What are these people?
I would like to reiterate this.
In order to achieve the achievements of the Iranian nation in all arenas, they have two characteristics: the first is that they will do whatever they can to achieve the achievements of the Iranian nation in all arenas. The second is that they will do whatever they can to achieve the achievements of the Iranian nation.
They will do this through threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats,
The US President, in his statement, referred to the issue of the economy of Iran. He referred to the achievements of the Iranian nation.
He added that the economy of Iran has changed the country, there are a lot of problems in the country.
However, they did not mention the great achievements that have been made in the country and the great achievements that have been made in the past 30 years. They did not mention the great achievements that have been made in the country and the great achievements that have been made in the country.
This year, 1391, was one of the years when our enemy failed to establish a friendship with us.
They said that we want to threaten the Iranian nation by imposing sanctions.
If the Islamic Republic remains firm and steadfast, it will be able to reach their knees.
If they can do this, they should not let them do so. If they cannot do this, they should try to achieve this through their media and propaganda.
Today they are two things that are impossible to do. They are trying to derail the achievements of the people through threats, threats, sanctions, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threats, threat
We said that there is a enemy.
This is what they are doing?
I am the source of these threats to the Iranian nation?
It is not difficult to answer this question.
In the past 30 years, when the name of the Iranian nation is mentioned as ‘may’, the Iranian nation is going to America.
The Americans should know that over the past 30 years, the Iranian nation has seen a number of things that the Iranian nation has seen since the name of the enemy, and the eyes of the Iranian nation are moving to America.
This is a very important point that should be considered by any government who wants to live in a human society in the world.
The enemy is the center of these discord and discord.
In fact, there are other types of martyrs, but they are not recognized as the first martyr.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) regime is against the Iranian nation, but the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) regime is not the representative of the Iranian nation.
In some cases, the Islamic Republic of Israel is threatening us, threatening us with military attacks. But they know that if they are not aware, the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and "Haifa" and the Islamic Republic will destroy "Tel Aviv" and
The British government is opposed to the Iranian nation.
The Iranian nation is one of the pioneers of the Iranian nation, but the Iranian government is the enemy of America.
The British government does not have freedom of speech, but a person does not recognize it as a threat to America.
There are some governments that show discord.
I would like to tell you that in recent years the French government has shown their appreciation to the Iranian nation.
Political genius, particularly a politician who knows what is necessary, should not leave a person who is not treated as an enemy as his enemy.
We did not have any problems with the government and the Islamic Republic. We did not have any problems with the government and the Islamic Republic. We did not have any problems with the government and the Islamic Republic.
In our opinion, this is a mistake. It is a mistake and a mistake.
The Americans say that they are nations of the world. They say that they are nations of the world. They say that they are nations of the world.
The world is not familiar with Iran and the people of the Islamic Republic of Iran. Today we want to look at the history of the year 1391 and we want to look at the history of the year 1391.
Since the beginning of the year 1391, they have imposed severe sanctions on the Iranian nation. They have made many things in this regard.
But they hope that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are the enemy and that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are the enemy and that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are the enemy and that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are the enemy and that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are the enemy and that the Iranian nation will not understand that they are the enemy.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Imam Ali bn Musa al-Ridha (a.s.) on the first day of the year.
The United States has appointed a special person to speak to the world, to speak to the governments, to speak to the heads of the industries and to discuss their relationship with the Islamic Republic of Iran.
In addition, they are punishable if they establish a relationship between the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic.
They started this work from the beginning of the year 1391, particularly from Mordad, where they made a lot of sacrifices.
I would like to reiterate - as I said earlier - that the Americans said that they were aware that they were aware that they were aware that they were aware that they were aware that they were aware that they were aware that they were aware that they were aware that the sanctions would not affect them.
The economy has faced a serious problem that depends on oil.
It is necessary to separate our economy from the supply of oil. We should preserve this in their plans.
In the past five years, I told the government that they should create a system that when we want to shut down our farms, we can shut down our farms.
In that time, some people who called themselves ‘enthusiastic’ shouted: "What is happening?"
On the basis of this, it is necessary to do something. It is necessary to do something. It is necessary to do something.
In the case of a particular country, the enemy will make efforts to destroy this region.
The idea of sanctions has played a role, but it does not have the effect that the enemy wants.
This is the issue of economic matters. In the arena of economic matters, the enemy has done all their efforts to get the Islamic Republic of Iran's identity as they said.
The governments should have a different view of the Islamic Republic of Iran, that is to say, they should not allow the Islamic Republic of Iran to increase its presence in this region and in other parts of the world.
The same was true of what they expected.
The members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps represented three percent of all nations of the world. Members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the heads of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps attended the meeting in Tehran.
All of them were proud of the Iranian nation.
They told us these things, and they told us these things. They told us these things, and they told us these things after returning to home.
The same is true of what the Iranian nation expects.
They played a role in this regard.
In the domestic arena, they are trying to raise doubts in the minds of the Iranian nation about the path they have taken. They are trying to raise doubts among the Iranian nation about the path they have taken.
In Bahman, the Iranian nation gave rise to their country through their presence and their support for the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Revolution.
In the security arena, they have done all the necessary things to destroy the health of the country, which the government has been able to explain these things in their interviews with journalists.
In the political arena of this region, they have tried to end the role of the Islamic Republic.
In the political arena of the region, they proved that there is no issue in the region that can be resolved without the presence of Iran and the presence of Iran.
Regarding the victory of the Zionist regime in Gaza, the presence of the Zionist regime in Gaza has led to the Zionist regime’s defeat in the hands of the Palestinians.
They said - not just we said - that if the Islamic Republic and its power are not supported by the Islamic Republic and its power, the Palestinians cannot stand up against the Islamic Republic, but they cannot stand up against it.
This was because the Palestinians managed to defeat the Islamic Republic.
I said that they did not affect us. They did not affect us. They did not affect us.
That is to say, the sanctions have been imposed on the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation because they have made great efforts. If the sanctions were not imposed on the Iranian nation, these things would not happen.
In the arena of construction, which I would like to explain to you, the year 1391 was a very good year. In the arena of construction, which I would like to explain to you, the year 1391 was a very good year. In the arena of construction, which I would like to explain to you, the year 1391 was a very good year.
The country has made many efforts in the arena of infrastructure, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena of manufacturing, in the arena
We achieved great progress in the field of education in 1391.
In the field of knowledge and technology, in the year ahead, many efforts have been made that the people who believe in the future of the country will be rewarded by the people who believe in the future of the country.
That is to say, in the year when they want to destroy the Iranian nation, our youth and our youth took the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) martyrdom
In the beginning of the world, when this divine species entered the world and returned to the world, the people of the world rejected this because it was a very important thing for them.
However, after the truth was revealed to everyone, they noticed that they did not have any way to do so.
In the health and medical sector, there are great efforts that are related to the health of human beings.
In the field of spirituality, we are one of the pioneers in the region.
The efforts have been made, and they have been produced.
This was done in this year when the Iranian nation was tortured by the Iranian nation to impose their freedom and dignity.
In this year, we have been first in different areas of knowledge.
In the academic arena, the country has gained more than three per cent compared to the previous year.
In 1391, the graduates of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps were added to a total of sixteen students when compared to the first victory of the Revolution.
That is to say, the number of our graduates have fallen almost three per cent from the total graduates in the last year.
This is one of the greatest achievements of the Iranian nation.
The country has achieved great achievements in the arena of water and environment, in the arena of technological innovations, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of nuclear weapons, in the arena of
This was the year that the enemies of the Iranian nation made all their efforts to destroy the Iranian nation.
This is one of the greatest lessons that we learned in the year 1391. This is one of the great lessons that we learned in the year 1391. This is one of the great lessons that we learned in the year 1391.
The Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) explained to us and all those who have taken a look at the issue of Iran, that what is important for a nation is to be proud of its power, self-confidence, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sacrifice, self-sac
This is what will lead to the future.
The year 1391 was a year of resistance and resistance.
We have noticed the characteristics that we have. This is the characteristic of fighting.
In the Army, the Army knows how much power they have, how much power they have, and how much power they have in order to defeat him.
We have learned the lessons that we have.
This is a result of the mistakes that we have made - which I repeatedly said that this is one of the problems that we have - the lack of political and economic policies, the lack of political and economic policies and the lack of leadership in our life.
The officials of the government - the officials who are currently on the throne and the officials who will be elected in the next year - should pay attention to this issue.
Another important point is that the foundation of our country is a strong foundation.
When the foundation is strong, the enemy will not be able to influence the enemy.
If the great officials of the country understand their responsibility, they will be able to transform any obstacle into a possibility. As in the year 1391, they will transform any obstacle into a possibility.
In the future, we will see the effect of the actions of the officials and the people of the country in the year 1391.
The economy is a very important issue, but the economy is not only a very important issue. The economy is a very important issue. The economy is very important. The economy is very important. The economy is very important. The economy is very important. The economy is very important. The economy is very important. The economy is very important.
If knowledge is growing in the country, all those things that will happen in the future will be easier.
The dignity of a nation is very important, the presence of a nation and a nation is very important, the presence of a nation and a nation is very important. The presence of a nation and a nation is very important, the presence of a nation and a nation is very important.
We have made progress in all areas.
In the arena of security, in the arena of security, in the arena of security, in the arena of international influence, in the arena of international influence, and in the arena of international influence.
Through these progress, our nation proved that the absence of America is not a means of progress. This is a very important point.
The powers of the world and the arrogant powers - when they were controlled by the arrogant powers - today America wants to show the world that if you want a better life and a better future, you should be under our control.
The Iranian nation proved that this is false.
Our nation has proved that lack of cooperation with America and other global powers does not only promote progress, but it also promote progress.
It is these countries that have played a role in America.
We have a long history of the Islamic Republic and we have a long history of the Islamic Republic. You should see how long the Islamic Republic has been and what the Islamic Republic has achieved.
Everyone knows that lack of cooperation with the nations of the world is an opportunity for a nation, not an obstacle.
In the presence of the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation has benefited from this opportunity.
In the past, we had repeatedly done this in a few years and we saw his success.
The example of this is the issue of the nuclear capacity of the Tehran research centre where there are nuclear weapons and nuclear weapons.
This province needs about a quarter of the fuel, which we did not produce, we exported from the country.
In the face of these needs, they are making efforts to derail the Islamic Republic's determination to fulfill their needs.
However, before the situation reached its peak, our youth and our youth started producing a nuclear fuel that was tested by the scientists and scientists to identify the needs of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps in order to identify the needs of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The enemy does not believe that we can do this.
However, the officials of our government understood the needs of the Iranian nation and they realized the needs of the Iranian nation. We managed to strengthen the security of the Iranian nation and we managed to strengthen the security of the Iranian nation.
In a time when they thought the Islamic Republic will be coming to their knees, the Islamic Republic announced that we have made this medal and we will not need it.
If our youth and our youth fail to do this, we are going to go to the people who are opposed to us and ask them to buy fuel or supplies.
The officials of the country noticed this, and when they realized it, they did what they should do.
It is necessary to establish a system of government in all areas of the country. It is necessary to establish a system of government in all areas of the country. It is necessary to establish a system of government in all areas of the country. It is necessary to establish a system of government in all areas of the country. It is necessary to establish a system of government in all areas of the country.
They should write in this regard. They should study in this regard. They should study in this regard. They should study in this regard.
If they do business activities or scientific activities, all of them should be in this regard.
The responsibility of all of us is to build the country so that it cannot be controlled by the enemy.
This is one of the pillars of our economy.
In a competitive economic system, one of the essential responsibilities is to ensure that the economy is prepared for threats.
The economy should be prepared to fight against threats. It should be prepared to fight against threats from the enemy.
This is the first point that I should explain to you.
The second point is that the Americans are sending messages to us in different ways. They send messages to us in different ways. They send messages to us in different ways.
The United States and the Islamic Republic of Iran have repeatedly told us that you are in the arena of the 5+1 meeting, America and the Islamic Republic of Iran will be in the arena of nuclear negotiations.
What is it?
Because our experience shows that negotiations in America are not focused on finding the right path for us, this is not what they mean.
What they mean is to meet is to meet for you to understand what we are saying.
Because of this, we always announce that this is not a meeting. This is not a meeting.
I do not have any hope about these things, but I do not have any hope about them.
However, there are some things that should be clarified:
The first point is that the Americans send us messages, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts, sometimes in texts
The issue is that we do not care if you want to change the Islamic system or not. We do not care if you want to change the Islamic system or not. We do not care if you want to change the Islamic system.
In those days when you are trying to destroy the Islamic system, you cannot do anything. You cannot do anything. You cannot do anything.
The second point is that the Americans are sending messages that we should do in this regard.
That is to say, we want to speak with you and we want to speak with you.
I told them that many times we have told you that we are not supposed to build nuclear weapons, but you said that you do not agree.
This is why we cannot agree with what you said?
In a situation where you are not ready to accept a truth that is accurate, why do we not accept a truth that is accurate?
Our understanding of the statements presented by the Americans is a propaganda and insult to the people of the world, the people of our country and the people of our country.
It is necessary to ensure that this is not true.
What can you tell?
I would like to explain that one of the reasons is that some people from Jagora went to speak with Americans.
This is a propaganda, and it is a propaganda propaganda.
In the past, no one of the members of the Supreme Court has been discussed with them.
The second point is that we know, based on our efforts and determination, that the US has not wanted to end the nuclear negotiations.
If they want to end the nuclear negotiations and end the nuclear negotiations, the solution is very easy. If they want to end the nuclear negotiations and end the nuclear negotiations, the solution is very easy.
This is what Iran wants about about the issue of nuclear weapons is that the world accepts the right to release nuclear weapons, which is a right.
The powers of the world believe that the Iranian nation has the right to supply nuclear fuel for its country and its own country.
What is a great hope? This is what we always say.
They said that we are very hopeful that you will be able to reach the path of the nuclear power.
This is a group of countries that I mentioned before. They call themselves "nations of the world".
They said that the world is in a serious crisis.
In fact, the world does not have a problem.
The majority of the world is supporting the Islamic Republic and our needs. They are supporting the Islamic Republic and our needs.
They believe that Iran has the right to detect urnium, and they can enforce the laws of the World Defense Council.
When we are reaching the path of the crisis, America will have a barrier to reaching the path of the crisis.
The goals of these people are that they want this event to continue and they want it to continue.
This threat is a threat to the Iranian nation. They are not threatening the Iranian nation.
The fourth point of this issue is that if America really wants to end this issue, I will give them a solution.
This is the way that America and the Iranian nation should end their disagreements against the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want to end the problems between us - as they say, we want to end the problems between Iran and America - they will end this illusion.
Eight years ago, many American governments, due to the lack of understanding of Iran and the people of Iran, have created vaccines for the Iranian nation.
It has been since the beginning of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic Republic.
In the security arena, they designed the policies and policies of our security forces. They designed the policies and policies of the Iranian nation. They designed the policies and policies of the Iranian nation. They used all their power to destroy our country. They used all their power to destroy our country. They used all their power to destroy our country. They used all their power to destroy the Iranian nation.
I would like to advise the Americans that if they want to change their policies, they should change their policies and they should end their negotiations with the Iranian nation. This is the end of this issue.
It is another issue that I would like to mention, is the issue of elections.
In our country, corruption is a manifestation of political arrogance.
The election is a manifestation of the Islamic Republic. It is a manifestation of the unity of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is a manifestation of the unity of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is a manifestation of the unity of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is a manifestation of the unity of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is a manifestation of the unity of the Islamic Republic.
The name of the country is the symbol of democracy, the symbol of the Islamic Republic.
In spite of the importance of the election, the Iranian nation has always been trying to create a fitna in the Iranian elections.
They have designed barriers to prevent people from voting, destroy their confidence and raise their hearts.
Throughout the years that we have been making elections - whether the elections of the parliament or the elections of the president - we have always been trying to deny the election. This is because the importance of the election is very important in our country.
In the beginning of the election, I would like to explain some things in the beginning of the election.
However, I would like to reiterate some things.
First of all, the first point in the elections is that the presence of the people during the elections is very important.
The presence of the people during the elections can reduce the impact of the enemy's threats. It can cause the enemy to deny the security of the country.
The people of our country should know that their victory in the elections will affect the future of the country. They should know that their victory in the elections will affect the future of the country.
This is the first point. It is the first point. It is the first point. It is the first point. It is the first point. It is the first point.
The second point is that all organizations and organizations that believe in the Islamic Republic should participate in this election.
This is a duty of each and every person, and it is a duty of each and every person.
The name of a group or a political party is not the name of a group or a political party.
It is necessary for all those who believe in the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic and believe in the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic to participate in this election.
The victory of the elections is necessary for those who oppose this system.
The second point is that the opinion of the people is the source of the results of the election.
You have the right to conduct a investigation on the candidates who took part in the election. You have the right to conduct a survey on the candidates who took part in the election and you have the right to identify the best candidates for you.
I do not have a single question.
I have a few elections and I have a few elections. I have a few elections and I have a few elections.
In the absence of a vote, the people who are responsible for the elections should know where I was going to vote.
If a person says this, it is not true.
Therefore, in these days and in these social media outlets - such as these social media messages and other such things - it is necessary to oppose and spread false claims to other people.
It is possible to send a number of messages to a group of people.
He told me that during the elections, there would be thousands of thousands of such messages.
You should pay attention to these things. You should pay attention to these things.
In fact, a person or a political party can attract the attention of other people - no problem in this regard - but there is no doubt about this.
The people can help and help each other to identify the best person.
The truth is the opinion and opinion of the people.
The fourth point is that in the matters that are related to elections and those who are not elected, they should pay attention to the law.
The incident that happened in 1388 (after the elections) - which caused serious damage to the country - was a result of a lack of respect for the law that some people did not want to respect the opinion of the people.
I would like to appreciate this. But it is necessary to respect this.
It is necessary to respect what the majority of the people choose.
It is necessary to use these methods.
We call people to the streets because what happened was not the same as what we wanted - like what happened in the year 1388 - is one of the mistakes that cannot be solved.
This is a lesson for the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation will remain vigilant in this regard.
The second point is that we should know that what we need from the next president is the good things that we need from the next president.
It is necessary to know that every president should be able to carry out the best things that he has done, but not without the blessings.
One has a strength and one has a weakness.
The heads of the country - whether the present or the future - have weakness and weakness.
The next president should be able to identify the needs of the current government and the future president.
That is to say, in our governments, those who are coming and going, they should be prepared to follow the path of progress and progress.
The people who are prepared to enter this arena should be prepared with all their power and determination.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the soul of our martyrs and our martyrs.
The things that we said are based on your determination, your determination and your determination.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on August 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to extend my greetings to the dear brothers and sisters in different areas of the country.
Today’s meeting is a manifestation of the importance of this system on the issue of economic matters in such a sensitive and sensitive world.
We want to have a day when a group of government officials, a group of investors, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives, a group of business executives and a group of
This is the first point. This is the first point. This is the first point.
This is a message to all those who are involved in economic activities in all areas of the country. This is a message to all those who are involved in economic activities in all areas of the country.
The second point that was created by this meeting was that there was no opportunity for those who were not government officials to present a report on the current situation of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country, the progress of the country and the progress of the country.
I believe that it is necessary to identify the achievements that have been made, but I believe that it is necessary to identify the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made and the achievements that have been made. I believe that it is necessary to identify the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made, the achievements that have been made and the achievements that have been made in the country.
I want to tell you that I have a relationship with people.
These things that you have said that they are related to different areas - which I have written in detail and which will be published in the future in the hope of Allah's favor.
This is a great achievement for the Iranian nation.
This is the progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made good progress in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of production, in the sector of agriculture, in
This is a great opportunity for people to hear this from different officials who are not government officials. This is a great opportunity for people to hear this from different officials who are not government officials. This is a great opportunity for people to appreciate this.
I hope that all of us should understand that today one of the weapons of the Iranian nation is to destroy the people.
It is not necessary to say that what is being said should be a lack of faith, lack of hope and determination.
It is necessary to remember that we have achieved a lot of progress. As a example, we have achieved a lot of progress. As a example, we have achieved a lot of progress.
The first point is that we named this year as the Year of Economic Development.
Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic are threatening the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in economic arenas.
Although they used the issue of nuclear power to impose economic sanctions, these are wrong. The issue of nuclear power is not the reason for these sanctions.
You can imagine that when they imposed the first sanctions (the first sanctions) were imposed on the country, there was no nuclear issue in the country.
It is not a very important sanction, but it is a very important sanction. It is a very important sanction. It is a very important sanction. It is a very important sanction.
The goal of the sanctions is to derail the economy of the Iranian nation.
On the contrary, the Iranian nation has been defeated by the Islamic Republic for almost two decades.
On the occasion of the introduction of the sanctions, however, the sanctions that have been imposed in the country have not been ignored. Since the beginning of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the sanctions that have been imposed in the country have not been ignored. Since the beginning of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the sanctions that have been imposed in the country have not been ignored.
In this regard, it is necessary to identify the enemy and identify the methods and methods used by them. It is necessary to identify the enemy and identify the methods and methods used by them.
In fact, this is a necessity for economic jihad.
The movement is not associated with the name of jihad.
This movement is known as jihad.
The determination to achieve such a goal is one of the basic principles of jihad.
The movement is jihad.
As a result of economic jihad, economic jihad is a movement that aims to destroy or defeat the enemy.
The other point is that in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - which is a very important initiative in the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - we have prepared a framework for the progress of the country in important areas of life and progress.
In the absence of other nations, they will not leave us first, they will continue their efforts, they will continue their efforts, they will continue their efforts, they will continue their efforts.
If we do not use certain methods, we will not use them. We do not use certain methods and we do not want to use them. We do not want to use them. We do not want to use them. We do not want to use them. We do not want to use them.
In this regard, this issue is necessary for jihad.
This effort should be strong and it should be focused on making efforts in order to achieve this achievement.
The issue of reaching the first stage does not mean that we will reach the first stage. It is because the future of the world is dependent on this issue.
If a country in the economic arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the economic arena, in the scientific arena, in the economic arena, in the economic arena, in the scientific arena, in the economic arena, in the economic arena, in the economic arena, in the scientific arena, in the economic arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena, in the scientific arena,
We do not want to be defeated.
In the past two years, our country has been exposed to corruption and corruption.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's (s.w.a.)
Since the early 1800s, the Iranian people entered the political arenas of the country and entered the political arenas of the country, and they continued this until the end of that time.
The first British ambassador arrived in the country in 1800, when the Indian government was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government and the Ministry of Culture was under the control of the British government.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's
We do not want this to continue.
The Revolution created a weapon in front of them.
We want this army to be stronger.
We should not allow them to be ignorant of our economy, our culture, our economy, our political and economic futures.
One of the pillars of this power is economic power.
This is the reason why we are supposed to be first.
This is not to say that Iran should be the first in this region. It is not because the future of this country is threatened.
In this regard, it is necessary to carry out efforts and efforts in a sincere way. It is necessary to carry out efforts and efforts in a sincere way.
We saw this and we saw it in the progress of our country during the Islamic Revolution.
This happened in the water industry in the country before the victory of the Islamic Revolution.
The same is true of coral bleaching but in different areas, the same is true of coral bleaching. In different areas, the same is true of coral bleaching. In different areas, the same is true of coral bleaching. In different areas, the same is true of coral bleaching.
I would like to say that this is due to my experience in different areas of the country. I would like to say that there is no place in the country that our young people can show their presence in the arena of various areas of the country.
This is a very important point.
The strength of our economy is very important.
I repeatedly said that if we compare the economy of our country with the population of our country and the global population, we will see that they have improved this.
The population of our country is about one per cent of the total population of the world - which is about one per cent of the total population of the world.
This is a very important issue and a very valuable issue.
The issue of the lack of water in our country is similar to the issue of the lack of water in our country. We have a lack of water in our country. We have a lack of water in our country. We have a lack of water in our country.
As a result, the country has a wealth of resources.
The same is true of our region.
We are a very important place.
The relationship between two continents and the relationship between the two continents - between Asia and Tunisia - is a very important part of this region. We are a very important part of this region.
This is a good thing for us.
Today - according to what was mentioned above - we have lost one in four years of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
This is a three-year plan that was designed to preserve the legacy of the five-year plan.
In fact, many efforts have been made in the past few years.
According to the report that you read, there are certain things that are not done. But there are some things that are not done.
The policies that were announced in the framework of the economy, the policies that were announced in the framework of the economy, the policies that were announced in the framework of the economy, the policies that were announced in the framework of the 44th Constitution and the policies that were announced in the framework of the 44th Constitution and the policies that were announced in the framework of the 44th Constitution and the policies that were announced in the framework of the 44th Constitution and the policies that were announced in the framework of the 44th Constitution and the policies that were announced in the framework of the 44th Constitution and the policies that were announced in the framework of the 44th Constitution and the policies that were announced in the framework of the 44th Constitution.
If we can do this according to the guidelines, we can benefit from the advantages and advantages that have been presented.
These policies can create a unity and promote economic progress.
In order to achieve certain of the goals that were outlined in the framework of the year 1388, there are different reasons for failing to achieve these goals. There are different reasons for failing to achieve these goals.
These things are not achieved. These things are not achieved. These things are not achieved. These things are not achieved.
This is what requires us to continue our efforts for the past five years to achieve the goals that we have already achieved.
According to the provisions in this law, we should make efforts in the arena of corruption and economic activities. We should make efforts in the arena of corruption and economic activities.
There is a goal? A goal is to create a stable and stable economy through the presence of investors and investors in the arena of economic development.
In their calculations, they found that the revenue needed for the past five years has reached 160 billion dollars.
In order to achieve this, it is necessary to achieve this.
In the implementation of the 44 Section, there are good efforts but there are certain things that should be done. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the economy. It is necessary to strengthen the
If there are good efforts, there are good efforts.
I have been talking about the threats of the economy.
When I presented this issue, some people would come to me and say that these statements that you often make on the issue of the economy will threaten the economy.
I would like to tell you that they are wrong, this is the reason why they are wrong.
If a businessman who wants a good food and wants to make a good business and wants to make a good business, if he knows that the government will not enforce false laws, it will boost his confidence.
We are opposed to the corporations that promote the country's economy, the corporations that promote the country's economy, the corporations that promote the country's economy, the corporations that promote the country's economy, the corporations that promote the country's economy, and the corporations that promote the country's economy.
The advantage is that all or all of the heads of the Ministry of Finance and the heads of the Ministry of Finance are in this position.
I ask you to pay attention to the things that they said. You should pay attention to the things that they said. You should pay attention to the things that they said. I ask you to pay attention to the things that they said.
We should not let these things be ignored in this regard.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Mr Tawakkuli when he said that it is necessary to do something, which means that it is not necessary to do something, which means that it is not necessary to do something.
If we consider these recommendations, we should consider these recommendations. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard. I would like to mention two things in this regard.
First, the issue of management of the sector of production is the issue of management of the sector of production. Production is the basis of the country's economy.
It is necessary to pay attention to the importance of the government’s contribution to the needs of the future and the achievements that have been made in this regard. It is necessary to pay attention to the importance of the government’s contribution to the needs of the future and the achievements that have been made in this regard.
If some of the government officials spoke with us, they believe that there is no need for this 30 per cent.
It is possible to do this in some areas, but in certain areas it is necessary to support government officials.
We should pay attention to these areas. We should pay attention to these areas. We should pay attention to these areas.
The business sector has a responsibility in this regard: they have a responsibility in this regard: they have a responsibility in this regard: they have a responsibility in this regard: they have a responsibility in this regard: they have a responsibility in this regard: they have a responsibility in this regard.
Some government officials told me that some of the companies did not do anything to improve the quality of their plants that have been destroyed and used by the government. They did not do anything to improve the quality of the plants that have been destroyed and used by the government.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue.
It is necessary to be vigilant in this regard. It is necessary to be vigilant in this regard. It is necessary to be vigilant in this regard.
It is necessary to pay attention to the people that I referred to - those who I referred to - to use the opportunity to use the opportunity to use the opportunity to use the opportunity to use the opportunity to use the opportunity to use the opportunity to use the opportunity to do another thing, which we have learned from the report.
It is necessary to pay attention to this issue with all power to the sincere and sincere people who are interested in making efforts.
The second point is the issue of export and export. I have repeatedly referred to this issue, and I have repeatedly spoke with the officials on the issue of export.
He is not opposed to exporting products, but it is necessary to identify the characteristics of exporting products.
The fact that we should not allow a time - such as during the Eid - that a product is lost in the market is not a great reason to increase our prices.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic products.
If domestic products are not exported, domestic products will not benefit from domestic products. If domestic products are exported, domestic products will not benefit from domestic products. If domestic products are not exported, domestic products will not benefit from domestic products.
I believe that this is not a source of power.
In regard to the issue of export, I think the issue of export is a very important issue. I think the issue of export is a very important issue. I think the issue of export is a very important issue.
In the field of construction, we have good equipment.
One of the teachers presented a report on the farming of elephants (elephants) that are produced.
Our country is one of the most advanced countries of the world.
We should increase our production.
We should export these products to the world to see what we have in Iran. We should not export these products from Latin America and other countries that are not similar to what we have in Iran. We should not export these products from Latin America and other countries that are not similar to what we have in Iran. We should not export these products from Latin America and other countries that are not similar to what we have in Iran.
The second point is the issue of exporting products to the country.
The government has a responsibility to help exporters.
The happiness - according to one of our friends - is that the products that we export are increasing and growing. We hope that the products that we export are increasing. We hope that the quality of our products will be increasing and the quality of our products will be increasing. We hope that the quality of our products will be increasing and the quality of our products will be increasing. We hope that the quality of our products will be increasing and the quality of our products will be increasing.
It is necessary to reach a position where we can exchange our income through oil.
This is one of the greatest challenges that are faced by our country and all the economy of the country.
In the past few years, I said - even if the officials of the government were not aware of this - we should reach the point where we had decided to stop exporting our oil in a few days or a few days, we can do this.
You should see what happens in the world.
Today we cannot do this, because we need these funds.
The Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic of Iran will have a great advantage in the world. The Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic of Iran will have a great advantage in the world.
This is a very important issue. It is necessary to support this issue. It is necessary to support this issue. It is necessary to support this issue. It is necessary to support this issue.
The exporters and their officials have a responsibility in this regard. They have a responsibility in this regard. They have a responsibility in this regard. They have a responsibility in this regard. They have a responsibility in this regard. They have a responsibility in this regard.
There are many companies in the world that have been making products and exporting them to the market and increasing their trust.
In a case like a company of Jamus or Swiss, they have been producing and exporting products in our country and in other countries.
Why?
The producers should pay attention to these things.
This is a necessary issue. It is necessary to have a culture of cooperation in the products that are produced for domestic and foreign use.
The issue of corruption is a very important issue.
In the case of a corrupt person, if a corrupt person is not able to help him, he will not be able to do anything for the country.
In this regard, government officials have a role to play in preventing the spread of corruption in the government.
As a example, when you realize that a disease is spreading in a forest, you do not have a sense of responsibility to prevent the spread of the disease. You know that if a disease is spreading in a forest, the disease will not be limited to a few thousand trees. You know that if you speak, the disease will not be limited to a few thousand trees. You know that if you speak, the disease will not be limited to a few thousand trees. You know that if you speak, the disease will be limited to a few thousand trees. You know that if you speak, the disease will be limited to a few thousand trees.
This is the corruption of the economy.
If you see or hear a false image of corruption - I am talking to the government officials - you should not speak to them.
The economic crisis is one of the most dangerous and dangerous diseases, and it is necessary to pay attention to this.
One of the things that is necessary is to prepare a framework for the development of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps. In our 44 policy, we referred to the issue of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the issue of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
We need a clear policy in the arena of unity.
According to one of the brothers, it is possible to achieve this through the cooperation of the banks and other such things. The best way to achieve this is through the cooperation of the banks. The best way to achieve this is through the cooperation of the banks.
The second point is that we should pay attention to the importance of the opportunities that exist in the country for the investors.
It is necessary to know that there are many opportunities for investors, it is necessary to know that there are many opportunities for investors. It is necessary to know that there are many opportunities for investors, it is necessary to know that there are many opportunities for investors.
That is to say, those who have information will use this.
It is necessary to provide information to everyone and everyone.
It is necessary to clarify the issue in a clear way. However, in the previous governments, there were many things that were done but they did not agree with it.
In this regard, it is necessary to strengthen our efforts in this regard.
Of course, there are some things that I wrote, but when the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Imam (r.a.) arrived, I deleted them.
I hope that this event will help the people who love the country, the nation, the Islamic Republic and the future of this nation to increase their determination and determination.
This is the issue of ‘Strengthening efforts and efforts’ which we presented in the past year, should be considered with the issue of economy.
We hope a lot of people will benefit from this opportunity.
The future of this country is a good future.
In the name of Allah, there are good faith, faith and strength in this country.
This country is one of the most prominent countries in the world.
The history of our country, the heritage of our people, the dignity of our people, the power of our people, the power of our people and the resources of our country - all these things are indicative of this.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful and Merciful Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Merciful Prophet (s.w.a.) in the country.
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving me the blessings and blessings of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household. I would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving me the blessings of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household on the first day of the year.
I would like to extend my congratulations on Norouz and the arrival of the new year to all the dear brothers and sisters who have gathered in this venue and this great meeting. I would like to extend my congratulations to all the dear brothers and sisters who have gathered in this venue and this great meeting.
This meeting is a example of the Iranian nation. In this meeting, the Iranian nation from different parts of the world gathered in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and gathered in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and gathered in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and gathered in the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household.
In Mashhad, there are also brothers and sisters from Mashhad.
I would like to extend my greetings to all of you and congratulate them.
I would like to congratulate all Iranians and Muslims of other countries who appreciate the Eid of Nurouz.
In the Islamic sense of responsibility, the Islamic sense of responsibility is that it is necessary to utilize all the resources and resources that are available to us in order to achieve the goals of the Islamic system and its teachings. We are able to use this opportunity and this time to achieve the goals of the Islamic system and its teachings. We are able to use this opportunity and this time to achieve the goals of the Islamic system and its teachings. We are able to use this opportunity and this time to achieve the goals of the Islamic system and its teachings.
We should know the goals of Islam.
In these days, it is a great opportunity to spread religious messages, listening to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message, listening to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) message.
The same is true of Norouz. For many years, especially when the Islamic Republic was established in Iran, the people of our country used Norouz as a symbol of friendship with God.
The truth is that when you look at the beginning of the new year, you will see that the majority of the people in the streets, mosques, mosques, mosques, mosques, mosques, mosques, mosques and mosques are filled with prayers and prayers.
The meaning of this is that the Iranian nation is trying to benefit from this symbol and religious festivals.
It is necessary to use Norouz in all areas, and it is necessary to use Norouz in all areas, and it is necessary to use Norouz to strengthen our spirituality, spirituality and Islamic values.
I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow His blessings on all of us and all the Iranian nation.
Today, during the opportunity of Allah the Exalted, I will speak about three things.
The first point is that in the year 1389, the people of Iran and the government acted in different ways. The second point is that in the year 1389, the people of Iran and the government acted in different ways. The second point is that in the year 1389, the people of Iran and the government acted in different ways. The second point is that in the year 1389, the people of Iran and the government acted in different ways. The second point is that in the year 1389, the people of Iran and the government acted in different ways.
The second point is about the events that are happening in this region. The second point is about the events that are happening in this region. The second point is about the events that are happening in this region.
I would like to say that the name of the year 1389 - which was named "The Year of Revolution and Action" - was chosen for the year 1389.
The result of these great efforts and efforts will be seen and appreciated in the future. However, in the beginning of the year 1389, the actions of the people and the actions of the people, the actions of the people and the actions of the people, the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people, the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions of the people and the actions
The same is true of many areas.
We should start from the issue of knowledge and technology.
In the beginning of the year 1389, I had the opportunity to visit one of the most important industries of the country and in the end of Esfand, I had the opportunity to visit one of the most important industries of the country.
The progress that has been made in the field of knowledge and technology in the country is more than what we know. I would like to tell you that it has been achieved. I would like to tell you that it has been achieved. I would like to tell you that it has been achieved.
It has been a great movement in different areas, which is very exciting.
I have read a lesson from a Prophet (s.w.a.) that said: "Education is the power of a nation and a person."
That is to say, knowledge and technology have similar characteristics.
Today the movement of the country in the arena of knowledge and technology in most arenas, particularly in the new arenas is very clear.
In different areas, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientists, scientist
I mentioned in my tweet earlier that the country is ahead of most of the world and that the progress of the country is a result of global progress.
In this regard, there are two important points that I would like to discuss in this regard.
The first point is that most of the people who work in this arena are youth.
The age of these pioneers is between three to five years - the majority of those youth - and the majority of these youth are young.
The second point is that the people who are responsible for these great achievements are the people who are committed to these great achievements. They are the people who are committed to these great achievements. They are the people who are committed to these great achievements.
The main source of power is the power of people. This is what our country has.
The youth of our country continue to carry out these efforts with determination and believe that all these efforts are the foundation of the future of this country.
The first point in the development of knowledge is that the infrastructure of knowledge, technology, production, production and distribution of knowledge - which is very important - is a very important point.
It is necessary to transform knowledge into a technology, to transform it into a product, to transform it into a product, to transform it into a product, to transform it into a product, to transform it into a product, to transform it into a product and to transform it into a product.
The goal is to bring knowledge to the bottom of the country and fulfill the needs of the people.
The great people of our country should know that all economic analysts - including those who their outlook is different from the outlook of the government, or those who their outlook is different from the outlook of the government - are aware that the goals of the government are based on the goals of the government.
This is a very difficult task. It is a very difficult task.
It is almost impossible to start this project.
The unity between the government and the people in this effort is a good unity.
The movement of the people in this arena is very good. It is possible to see that the movement of the people in this arena is very good.
The main goal of this effort is to increase the awareness of the government among the people in a fair way.
This is a great step towards establishing a fair and fair society.
The other goal is to preserve the resources of the country, including water and minerals.
Since two years ago, we have named the year "The Year of Saving the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the Rights of the
This is one of the methods that we can change the way we use our resources. This is one of the methods that we can change the way we use our resources.
Throughout the past few months, this initiative is aimed at increasing the awareness of the government and increasing the use of energy in the country. This is a great achievement for the country.
The manner in which it is used, the manner in which it is used and the manner in which it is used - which is the greatest blessing of God - has fallen down.
This is one of the great things that has been achieved and with Allah's favor, it will be achieved in the future.
This is one of the things that shows a weakness in the economic arena.
The truth is that over the past 30 years, our economy has been dependent on oil.
The same is true of all the intellectuals of the world of economy. It is wrong to use this method in our country. It is wrong to use this method in our country. It is wrong to use this method in our country. It is wrong to use this method in our country. It is wrong to use this method in our country. It is wrong to use this method in our country.
We have always said that one of my hopes is that we can manage to manage this country without buying oil when we need it.
It is not a difficult job, it is a very difficult job.
The production of petroleum products that are not fueled by petroleum is not enough to derail us from the goals that we have.
In this regard, there were great achievements in the year 1389 in this regard.
This is one of the reasons for the failure of the government in the economic arena.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they have added the sanctions that they imposed on Iran.
In their calculations - which is the full text of this report - they said that this sanctions will destroy the Islamic Republic, the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation.
They believe that by these sanctions, they will create a dangerous situation for the Iranian nation and threaten the Islamic Republic. They believe that by these sanctions, they will force the Iranian nation to stand up against the Islamic Republic. This is their goal.
In a sincere way, there was a successful effort to fight against the sanctions.
They failed to achieve their goal through these sanctions.
Today the northerners say that imposing Iran’s sanctions is not necessary.
One of the problems of our work has been this. We have been a country that exports oil, but we have imported oil from abroad.
They say that this is the issue of the Islamic Republic, we will not allow it to be exported.
Because of these sanctions, our officials entered the arena of thinking. They made efforts, and we were not able to travel with oil.
This was one of the things that I heard from these youth in my visit to Esfand.
They told me that we want to make this product, we went to the airport to buy it, and they said that you are under sanctions, they will not allow us. We realized that we are under sanctions, they will not allow us. We realized that we are under sanctions, they will not allow us.
When we returned home, we thought, we prayed, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, we made efforts, and we made efforts.
According to the government report, in the year 1389, there were two million and sixty thousand jobs. If this report is true, there will be a total of five million jobs, which if this report is true, there will be a total of five million jobs, which if this report is true, there will be a total of five million jobs, which if this report is true, there will be a total of five million jobs, which if this report is true, there will be a total of five million jobs, which if this report is true, there will be a total of five million jobs, which if this report is true, there will be a total of five million jobs, which if this report is true, there will be a total of five million jobs, which if this report is true, there will be a total of five million jobs.
In the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country, in the arena of building buildings in the country and in
This is in terms of economic matters.
In other areas, there are many things that have been done in different areas.
He said that the year 1389 was a year of sacrifice and efforts.
In fact, the year 1389 is not a great year. This year is a year of sacrifice and effort. This year is a year of sacrifice and effort.
The Iranian nation and all government officials should make efforts and make efforts in order to achieve the goals of the Iranian nation. In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Iranian nation should make efforts in order to achieve the goals of the Iranian nation, in the Name of Allah, the Beneficent.
However, in the opinion of the people, the issue of economic matters is more important.
If our great nation achieves a victory in the economic arena, this great movement will have a positive impact on the country and the Iranian nation.
This is a very important point in this regard. There is a very important point in this regard. There is a very important point in this regard.
The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Prophet's (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s.w.a.) (s
A few years ago, in a new year's speech, I spoke about the issue of waste and the issues that are related to the use of resources.
It is necessary to understand these things.
I would like to advise the people about the importance of strengthening the economy in the country and explain to them the importance of strengthening the economy in the country. I would like to advise the people about the importance of strengthening the economy in the country.
This is not what we want. Islam does not want this.
It is necessary to make efforts in order to achieve the goals outlined in the framework of the five-year goals of the country.
The increase in employment and increase in marriage is one of the most important and important things in the country.
That is to say, increasing the presence of the market and increasing the capacity of the market to invest in the country is one of the things that is very important in this regard. One of the things that is very important in this regard is the creation of a partnership between the market and the establishment of a partnership.
It is necessary to create a basis for the law.
This is a sign of supporting the progress of the economy.
That is to say, coral bleaching is one of the natural resources of the country, including coral bleaching, coral bleaching, coral bleaching, coral bleaching, coral bleaching, coral bleaching, coral bleaching, coral bleaching, coral bleaching, coral bleaching and coral bleaching.
It is possible to see what happens if the government gets the right to fix the drainage system, if the government gets the right to fix the drainage system, if the government gets the right to fix the drainage system, if the government gets the right to fix the drainage system, if the government gets the right to fix the drainage system.
Similarly, in all other areas - domestic, industrial and other areas - we use about a third of the water that we use in these areas.
In fact, the benefits of the water will be reduced to two, which is very important.
The presence of people in the economic arena is necessary.
If we want to achieve this great economic movement in our country in 1390, there are some things that should be done.
I will provide you with the list of the needs.
First, the spirit of jihad is necessary.
Since the beginning of the Revolution, the Islamic Ummah has continued. We have seen this from the beginning of the Revolution. We have seen this from the beginning of the Revolution. We have seen this from the beginning of the Revolution. We have seen this from the beginning of the Revolution.
If we have faith in jihad in different areas and if we have faith in jihad in different areas, if we have faith in jihad in different areas and if we have faith in jihad in different areas, our movement will continue.
The second step is to strengthen spirituality, faith and faith in the people.
Everyone should know this. It is necessary to promote religious faith in the country and in the young generation. It is necessary to promote religious faith in the country and in the young generation.
It is not necessary to think that the effect of religious faith in the minds of young people is not only visible in the Holy Quran or in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the Holy Quran in the
If the youth of a nation are religious, they will be afraid of violence.
The same is true of economic matters.
The determination of the Islamic Ummah is a very important factor.
The second point is the lack of self-sacrifice and lack of self-sacrifice. You see, in most cases, there are certain issues which are very important in this country.
This would be like a flight that travels to a particular destination. It would be like a flight that travels to a particular destination. It would be like a flight that travels to a particular destination. It would be like a flight that travels to a particular destination.
In this regard, it is not necessary to move forward in the arena.
The other means is to preserve unity and unity in the country.
This relationship between people and government officials, which is based on mutual understanding between the people and the people, which is based on mutual understanding between the people and the people, which is based on mutual understanding between the people and the people, which is based on mutual understanding between the people and the people, which is based on mutual understanding between the people and the people, which is based on mutual understanding between the people and the people, which is based on mutual understanding between the people and the people, which is based on mutual understanding between the people and the people.
This is one of the major threats of the Iranian nation.
Another benefit is that our nation is first.
The people who love the country and believe in the Islamic Republic - who are proud of the Islamic Republic and who are proud of the Islamic Republic - should establish a unity among them.
The government officials should be vigilant. They should be vigilant. They should be vigilant. They should be vigilant. They should be vigilant. They should be vigilant. They should be vigilant. They should be vigilant. They should be vigilant.
I would like to congratulate the government officials on this issue.
The most important issue of the world is to prevent it through negotiations.
I would like to remind you about this issue. I would like to remind you about this issue. I would like to remind you about this issue. I would like to remind you about this issue. I would like to remind you about this issue.
This does not have any use.
In some cases, it is necessary to spend a lot of money. What is the responsibility of this?
I hope that the people and government officials should listen to this message and make efforts to prove it.
This does not mean that there is no need to carry out a lot of money.
If it is not important to the issue of economic matters, it is not necessary to ignore other areas.
In other areas, especially in the field of education and technology, it is necessary to help these young youth to achieve great achievements.
The recent events - including Egypt, Tunisia, Libya and Bahrain - are very important.
It is a great change in this region of Islam and Lebanon. This is the manifestation of the Islamic Revolution.
This is a very important issue in the Islamic Republic of Iran, but today it is a very important issue. The first point is the presence of the people and the second point is the presence of the people.
This is one of the two things.
The presence of people in the arena was the case during the Islamic Revolution.
The organizations and organizations that are located on the streets and in prestigious buildings and intellectuals have failed to do anything.
The great achievement of our magnanimous Imam was to bring people to the arena.
Today, such a situation is happening in different countries.
In Egypt or Tunusiya, people have entered the arena with their hands. They have always called people. They have always called people. They have always called people.
In this regard, they are the people who have entered the arena and their religious goals are based on religion.
The Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy
This is the characteristic of this issue.
What did they do?
In Egypt, in Tunusiya, and in other countries, these rulers and rulers have destroyed people and their families.
As a example, the people of Egypt see their president, to fulfill the demands of the Islamic Republic, making the best efforts.
If Hosni Mubarak does not cooperate with the Islamic Republic in the killing of Gaza, the Islamic Republic will not do such a thing.
But Hosni Mubarak entered the arena and helped, closed the way to return to Egypt.
When he discovered that Gaza's people are traveling outside the country, he built a fence with a diameter of about 30 meters, and he built a fence with a diameter of about 30 meters, and he built a fence with a diameter of about 30 meters.
This is what Hosni Mubarak did.
The same is true of other countries.
As a example in Libya, even though Gaddafi had a strong faith in the Islamic Republic, he has made a great contribution to the Islamic Republic.
The Libyan people saw that from a threat against him, he took all his weapons and equipment, and he took them to the ships, took them to the ships, took them to the ships, took them to the ships, took them to the ships, took them to the ships, took them to the ships, took them to the ships, took them to the ships, took them to the ships, took them to the ships.
You should look at the characteristics of our nation. You should look at the characteristics of our nation.
However, our government officials are not only aggressive, but they are also aggressive in the face of what the enemy wants every year.
It is possible to see such violence in all these countries.
This is very important for us.
After these events, they did not understand the issue, they did not know the people, they did not know the people.
Of course, what is expected from the US and other countries is that they are supporting Hosni Mubarak until the end of the future. But when they see that they are not able to do so, they rejected him.
This is a lesson for the heads of the US governments to understand that when they have a good advantage and they are not able to use their advantages, they will not be afraid of them.
The events that happened to the Islamic Republic and America are not guaranteed to be accepted.
The Islamic Republic of Egypt is one of the pillars of the US colonialism.
But they managed to preserve this principle to continue their efforts.
That is to say, if people are first, they can destroy this arrogance and destroy this arrogance.
The Americans are trying to ensure that even after they lost Mubarak in Egypt or Ben Ali in Tunusiya, they are trying to defend their government.
In the name of Allah, and with His blessings, America will continue to fight in this region.
After they lost their people in these countries, they had two things that they wanted to achieve: the first is waiting for expectations and the second is trying to create a similar situation in certain areas.
In this case, they were killed in this case.
This is the first step. The second step is to create a picture of the events that happened in Egypt, Tunusiya and Libiya in different countries.
The main reason is that they claim to protect the rights of people.
The people of our great nation know that the President of the United States gave the Iranian nation a message saying that we are supporting you. They say that they are supporting you. They say that they are supporting you. But they say that they are supporting you.
That is to say, they are not trying to defeat other nations. They are not trying to defeat other nations, but they are not trying to defeat them.
The President of the United States has used billions of dollars to increase the economy of America. He has used billions of dollars to increase the economy of America. He has used billions of dollars to increase the economy of America. He has used billions of dollars to increase the economy of America.
The people are struggling to establish firms, establish firms, establish firms, raise firms, raise firms, raise firms, raise firms, raise firms, raise firms, raise firms.
Today the U.S. is in a financial crisis and there is no solution.
In addition to prisons and prisons such as Guantanamo, Abu Ghraib and other prisons, there are also prisons and prisons where people are tortured in different areas.
The people do not understand these things, they do not understand them.
The President of the United States knows what he said?
In fact, he knows the people who are ahead of his political arena, or he does not know the people who are ahead of his political arena?
Ayatollah Khamenei said that the people who are in the arena of Azadi (Islam) of Tehran are the people who are in the arena of Islamic Iran.
The same is true of the fact that every 22th of Bahman, the people who are spreading their slogans is "Allah the Exalted", and their slogan is "Allah the Exalted".
Regarding the events in this region, the position of the Islamic Republic of Iran is clear.
We are committed to the rights of the people and their rights.
This is the essence of the Islamic Republic. This is the essence of the Islamic Republic.
Our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these, our hearts are these.
The first is Libya, the second is Bahrain.
Regarding Libiya, we are very proud of the policies of the Libyan government and the policies of the Americans and other western countries. We are very proud of the policies of the Libyan government and the policies of the Americans, the Americans, the Americans and other western countries.
They claim that we are going to Libiya to protect people, or to carry out military attacks, this is not acceptable.
If they are genuinely supporting the Libyan people, if they are genuinely supporting the Libyan people, they are now making waves on the Libyan people.
If you want to help them, you should not give them weapons, you should not give them weapons, you should not give them weapons, you should not give them weapons.
This is to say, you are going to see how many people are killed in Libiya. You are going to see how many people are killed in Libiya. You are going to see how many people are killed in Libiya. You are going to see how many people are killed in Libiya.
If you want to have a place where you can create a structure that you can use to destroy the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps in Egypt and Tunisia, you should be vigilant.
This is your intention.
That is to say, the United Nations should be a source of help for the people, but it should be a source of help for these people.
This is a shame for the United Nations.
The presence of foreign soldiers, the presence of foreign soldiers and the presence of foreign soldiers is not guaranteed.
If you want to help the people of Libiya, you can help them. You can help the people, help the people, help the people, help the people, help the people and help the people solve the problems between Gaddafi and their people.
The most important requirement is to make elections, each individual has a vote. What is a great requirement?
What is the great hope? In Bahrain, there is a great election in Bahrain, but the people do not have the right to vote, they do not have the right to vote, they do not have the right to vote, they do not have the right to vote, they do not have the right to vote.
The Islamic countries used this opportunity to raise their awareness on the issue of Shia and Sunni issues through developing a new concept, which is the issue of Shia and Sunni.
Because the people of Bahrain are proud of Shia people, nobody can support them.
The newspapers that broadcast the events in this region, but they did not say what happened in Bahrain, but they did not say what happened in the blood of the people of Bahrain.
Then some people from the Persian Gulf - whether politicians or journalists - came and say that Bahrain is a Shia and Sunni issue.
The arrogance of a nation is a manifestation of self-sacrifice. Like what happened in Tunusiya, like what happened in Egypt, like what happened in Tunisia, like what happened in Libya, like what happened in Yemen.
The Americans are happy that they have been able to identify this issue as a conflict between Shia and Sunni through their media and their slogans.
They said that the Iranian nation is supporting Bahrain.
We are thankful to all of them.
We have been supporting the people of Palestine for two decades. What government, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation,
The people of Palestine are Shia?
We went to the airport to allow them to travel Gaza!
In Gaza, they are prepared to fight Israel.
We said they should not go.
Our people expressed their support to Gaza, Palestine, Egypt, and Tunusiya. They are not Shia.
The issue is not about Shia or Sunni.
Critics try to label Bahrain as a Shia and Sunni issue.
The truth is that some people who are believers do not have a good intention to fight this path.
If there is hope in this regard, I would tell them that the issue of Shia and Sunni is not Shia and Sunni. The issue of Shia and Sunni is not Shia and Sunni. The issue of Shia and Sunni is not Shia and Sunni. The issue of Shia and Sunni is not Shia and Sunni.
We have no difference between Gaza, Palestine, Tunusiya, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain and Yemen.
The movement of a nation that promotes Islam and demands freedom is a manifestation.
The American power says that they do not see Bahrain and Saudi Arabia's military presence as a threat to the affairs of the country. But when our youth, our teachers, our prayers, our prayers, our prayers, our prayers, our prayers, our prayers, our prayers, our prayers, our prayers, our prayers, our prayers, and our prayers, they said you are in danger.
What is this arrogance in domestic affairs?
When a government, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation, a nation that promotes this and promotes it.
The United States has a radius of thousands of kilometres from this region.
Anybody who does such a thing, is wrong.
I would like to say that there is a new movement in the region.
According to Allah's promise, this movement will be successful.
The Iranian nation is proud of this movement and the Iranian nation is proud of it.
If they were not more than the youth of the Revolution, they were not more than the youth of the Revolution.
You should extend your greetings and blessings on this great nation.
In every day, you will be proud of the faithful servants of this nation and the movement of Islam and Muslims.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful and the Merciful.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on August 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful, the Merciful
I would like to extend my greetings to all of you dear brothers and sisters, the officials of the country and the people of the country. I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow this blessing on you all.
We would like to thank Allah the Exalted for giving us a year to gather and organize a meeting in which we will discuss the important issues of the country and discuss certain things.
I would like to divide my thoughts into three parts: the first is a thought that I would like to express my appreciation for the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) household
The second point is that if Allah's favor is enough, he will look at the issues that are happening in our region and the events that are happening in our region.
The late Hajj Mirza Jawad Agha Maliki Tabrizi - a religious scholar and scholar - in his book "The Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran
The following is the full text of the Holy Quran: "The Holy Quran is not a blessing, but it is a blessing. It is a blessing.
This is one of the things that is more important than all other factors - which is more important than all other factors - that is to say, which is more important than all other factors - that is to say, which is more important than all other factors - that is to say, which is more important than all other factors - that is to say, which is more important than all other factors - that is to say, which is more important than all other factors.
This is one of the things that takes place in the mind and soul of a person. It is necessary to think about the future of our life. It is necessary to think about the future of our life.
The age of each individual is the source of income of each individual.
It is possible to get all these blessings through this life - which is the day of prayers - which is the day of prayers. This is a source of happiness and happiness for a person.
It is necessary to think about this life and how years are going.
We should pay attention to how the days of our life and the days of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps) Guards Corps' (s.w.a.) Guards Corps) Guards Corps (
We have always noticed how life is going. “Our life is like a coral which is covered by the sun,” we have always noticed.
In the right way, this currency is running, but this currency is all of us, all of us in order to achieve divine blessings.
Why do we use it, how do we use it and how do we use it?
This is a time for all of us. "Each soul is a sacrifice(2)" All of us will benefit from this time. "Each soul is a sacrifice(2)" All of us will benefit from this time.
The situation of ourselves will be different from that time? What is the attitude of our people in this time? What is the attitude of our people in this time? These are the things that we should know.
One point of thought is this prayer.
In the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran,
This is because these prayers are very important.
The Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the
The following is the full text of this prayer: "By Allah's favor, preserve me from the inheritance of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and make me from the inheritance of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and make me from the inheritance of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and make me from the inheritance of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and make me from the inheritance of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and make me from the inheritance of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and make me from the inheritance of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and make me from the inheritance of the Holy Prophet (s.w
What is the meaning of being insulted by my brothers and sisters?
The first step is to establish justice in society. We can establish justice in society. We can establish justice in society. We can establish justice in society. We can establish justice in society. We can establish justice in society. We can establish justice in society. We can establish justice in society. We can establish justice in society.
The prayers that we expect from God are the basis of this prayer.
In a situation where you are a religious person, a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person, a religious person or a religious person
In a situation where you are afraid of a person or a group, the effect of your arrogance on a person or a group that does not have enough power to destroy a person, is not one.
We should not do anything with arrogance.
It is necessary to protect us from our arrogance and arrogance in our affairs...(4)".
Destruction of hate speech
It is necessary to make all efforts to stop this flood.
The reason why we have always called on our brothers and officials, to the people who promote their speech in the country, to the people who promote their speech in the country, to the people who promote their speech in the country, to the people who promote their speech in the country, to the people who promote their speech in the country, to the people who promote their speech in the country, to the people who promote their speech in the country, to the people who promote their speech in the country, to the people who promote their speech and to the people who promote their speech and to the people who promote their speech and to the people who promote their speech and to the people who promote their speech and to the people who promote their speech and to the people
In certain cases, a speech does not only destroy the water but it also increases its power.
We should try to bring them to the right place. We should try to bring them to the right place. We should not allow our actions, our actions, our actions, our actions and our actions to the right place.
We should not divide those who have a close relationship with this system.
When there is a conflict between people, we will fight against them.
When a scholar performs a good job, make efforts to explain this.
We have written many speeches about this issue.
This is a part of this prayer. This is a part of the prayers of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) Imam (r.a.) (s.w.a.).
We congratulate Allah the Exalted to bestow His blessings on us.
This is a manifestation of faith.
This is the first point I want to speak about.
The second part is a general view of the situation of the country.
The speech delivered by the Supreme Leader of the Islamic Republic was a full text of a report that revealed many important points in the report. I would like to say that this report will be presented to the people who know the efforts and efforts that have been made. I would like to say that this report will be presented to the people who know the efforts and efforts that have been made.
I would like to explain the situation of our country, which is very important for us.
What makes it important?
First of all, understanding the situation of the country and how we are going, is a very important point. But today it is very important. It is very important.
First of all, the conditions of this region are very good.
The greatness of Islam and the great achievements that have been made in this region has been unprecedented since the beginning of the Revolution. There have been great achievements in this region since the beginning of the Revolution. There have been great achievements in this region since the beginning of the Revolution.
When a nation like the Islamic Ummah managed to establish a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, and establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, and establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government, establishing a government and threatening the Islamic Ummah. This is a great issue.
In such a situation, we have found ourselves in this situation, which is a very important point for the Islamic Republic.
The economic crisis that has been imposed on the powers of the Islamic Republic is a very important issue. It is a very important issue. It is a very important issue.
The remarks that you hear about the economic problems that America and other countries have faced and expressing their hopes about the future of their countries are a part of this issue. They do not say anything.
Political organizations, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts, political analysts and political analysts - who
In the beginning of the speech, I would like to explain this issue, in the hope of Allah's favor.
The same is true of the emergence of terrorism in the Islamic world, particularly in Europe. From the Nazis of the Tunisian countries and the new Americans who are the pioneers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the new Americans who are the pioneers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps who are the pioneers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the new Americans who are the pioneers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the new Americans who are the pioneers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the new Americans who are the pioneers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the new Americans who are the pioneers of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the new Americans who are the pioneers of the Islamic Revolution's Guard
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
There are some things that they want to do, but Allah the Exalted did not allow them to do so.
This is one of the most important things.
This event in Norway should not be considered as a trivial event.
This is where we should look at ourselves. We should see that we are in a different way.
If we do not take care of this opportunity, if we do not take care of this opportunity, if we do not take care of this opportunity and if we do not take care of it in the right way, we will be defeated.
In some cases, it is a threat, it is a threat, it is a threat, it is a threat.
In this regard, there is no problem when we look at the issues that are happening in the country with this view.
This is to say, it is necessary to look at the truth. It is necessary to look at the truth. It is necessary to look at the truth. It is necessary to look at the truth. It is necessary to look at the truth. It is necessary to look at the truth.
In newspapers and other media, this is the case.
When a person says what you are doing, they will say you are not doing these things.
You said that this is a mistake. We want to say that this is a mistake. We want to say that this is a mistake. We want to say that this is a mistake.
I always have a few newspapers across the country.
Some of these newspapers each day have a number of newspapers which each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers that each contains a number of newspapers
We are not accused of anything, but it is a fact.
This is the case.
It is necessary to identify the weakness and the weakness of the weakness.
It is necessary to identify the things that the government can do and those that fail to do.
If we want to understand the realities of our country, we should leave the weakness and the power.
Today I would like to explain this issue, but there is a need to do more in this regard.
The good things will show us the opportunities and opportunities that we have in this country.
That is to say, these areas will show us what we should do and what we should do.
When we put these things together, it will help us understand what we should do.
I have written about five or six things that have been repeatedly repeated over the past three decades. I have written about five or six things that have been repeatedly repeated over the past three decades. These things have been repeatedly repeated over the past three decades.
First of all, the greatness and power of this system that is guaranteed by the system is the victory and resistance against threats. This is a very important point.
We have faced different kinds of threats - political, security, economic and economic threats - and the goal of these threats is to destroy this system.
In fact, they want to destroy this government, but they want to destroy it, they want to destroy the country.
This system has been successful in all these threats.
Some of these things were made by the foreigners, such as the sanctions.
The country has been subjected to severe sanctions for years, but recently they have reiterated that it is a severe sanction.
The sanctions that are imposed on us by the United Nations - which is their responsibility - have been imposed on us by the United Nations - have been imposed on us.
This is among the things that are related to the foreigners.
In addition, there are some dangers that have been imposed by the enemy because of the events that happened in the country. Although the enemy used to use this system, the enemy used to use this system.
In my opinion, this is one of the strengths that we have.
We should pay attention to this issue when we analyze the characteristics of this system.
This system, without the support of the international community and without the support of the powers of the world, which have faced different kinds of threats over the past three decades, has failed to deal with all these threats. This is a very important point.
This is the first step of this system.
The second point is unity between people and government.