Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Iranian nation will benefit from the blessings of the oppressors of the Iranian nation, especially in
Here is the full text of the message:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
During the days of our country, especially in the face of the hardships of our country, we are faced with the most difficult times of the economy of arrogance in the region, arrogance and arrogance in the region and athletes of the country, especially the lives of millions of women and women in the region.
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps on the basis of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.), they are called the Islamic Ummah and assistance of the Iranian nation in this regard.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps should be a source of materials in the cities and places and places. He added: "The Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution
The following is the full text of this message.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
In his prayers, it is necessary to pray and pray before Allah the Exalted, the Creator of all these good things is to be satisfied with the needs of
On the contrary, they managed to remedy the jealousy of the Islamic Revolution and the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) and
I would like to congratulate the day and day as a result of the blessings that lie in the face of the storm of arrogance
When the prayers and prayers of the Islamic system are adopted, it can be revealed in his immaculate
This is a symbol.
This is a manifestation of divine blessings.
Determinations, the condition of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the
This is to say, it is necessary to pay attention to
He added: "The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) is a source of life
Wherever there is a life, it is the main foundation of this issue.
This is to say, it is necessary to be a source of buildings in cities and in schools and officials, in the area of the country, and in the marketplaces and in the marketplaces, in
I would like to congratulate it.
The champion should be a source of wisdom and motivation.
If the issue is appropriate, it is necessary to make a lot of responsibility for material things and religion, and the officials will fail.
We hope that this day and we will come to the great Imam Mahdi (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
11, 2011.
Leader’s Speech to Meadiri and Sunnis - Khamenei.ir The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that there are many areas to strengthen the relationship between two government officials and innovations. The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that there are many
His Eminence referred to the spread of the polytheism of the country of Lebanon and added: "We arenas of the country, they are in the city of Palestinians." He referred to the
The only thing that is established in the country of Israel is a struggle.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Iranian nation is the only thing that the enemy of Lebanon experienced.
Therefore, it is necessary to identify the greatness of it.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution added: "This the time of the Zionist regime, the country of Lebanon needs the battlefield.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution described the joy of listening to the good relations between Saadi and Imam Khomeini (r.a.) and his Eminence.
His Eminence stressed that the Islamic Republic of Iran is supporting the unity of the Islamic Republic and the unity of the country of Labnon and added: "In the Islamic Revolution is the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic of Iran's Guards Corps, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, and the people are a source of peace of peace of security of security and unity.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the meetings in the past and in the past, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the prayers of the Islamic Revolution in the past.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that we have seen the Islamic Republic of Iran's Islamic Awakening in a meeting with the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
Ayatollah Khamenei added: "Thid Lebanon is eager to see the relationship between the two countries in the arena of all kinds of economic, economic, and cultural matters."
The Armed Forces added that the Islamic Republic is the Islamic Republic of Iran's government, and it shows that there are discord between the people of Lebanon.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on the issue of Ayatollah Khamenei. Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
After a long time and again, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps will be solved, the result of
Ayatollah Khamenei is one of the Iranian countries in this regard.
Each year - Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps on the issue of the Islamic Ummah.
What do you think is in this regard?
In answer to this question, we should first explain certain issues.
First of all, the hajj is one of the occupations of Islam, and it
The most important goal in the hajj is to be done in the Holy Quran, such as the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) - such as the beginning of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) - such as the beginning of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
The Holy Quran says that each of these occasions, the Holy Quran says that during the time of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.), the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.)
He said: "SO is the one who makes you a leader for the people.
He stressed: "Aculately, the vindication of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps
The second goal that is based on this path is to transform the interests of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps on the front lines of the Islamic Revolution and the path of the Islamic Revolution on the path of
All these things are the manifestations of humanity and the unity of the Islamic Ummah.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Imam Khomeini (r.w.a.), the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Imams (r.a.) was a symbol of the hajj goals.
However, the philosophical philosophy in this regard is the economy which is the reason why the Islamic Republic and its denominations are very important.
The presence of the hajj means that the movement of the Iranian nation
Ayatollah Khamenei said: "He is the Islamic Awakening."
During the Sacred Defense Era, this means that the Armed Forces are still alive.
This is one of the great goals of the Islamic Republic's Guards Corps
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps on the basis of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Cor
Of course, we cannot fully understand the greatness of the people.
The media and the media that have played in certain areas, but they do not act in harmony with the same position and importance.
It is necessary to introduce the media, all branches and branches which should be published in the arena.
It is necessary to make efforts in this regard.
Unfortunately, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution is not limited to such conditions.
The same is true of the people, especially on the occasion of the day of the end of our country.
However, after the economy, this was why the Iranian nation had not been present for years.
The two branches of the Islamic Revolution said that during the time of the Sacred Defense Era (s.w.a.) should not be held a meeting in Laka, but the day of Ara, Imam Khomeini (s.a.).
This is a champion.
We have the claims that the hajj is being delivered to Muslim nations.
Is this really an important point?
First of all, there were many parts of the country.
The second point is presented on the scene and it is interpreted in different sectarians during Mina and different parts of the Islamic Revolution.
The same is true of different languages in order to influence the hearts of Muslim nations, and in different parts of the world, the organizations,
On one occasion, this message was published in England, and all the Zionists were involved in seeing this magazine.
What is the year?
The Zionists are trying to prevent the presence of this message.
Similarly, the government is not just a source of assistance. It is not possible to prevent it.
Of course in the past, this lack of self-confidence is reduced. But they are trying to clarify the developments in the past.
Sometimes we are trying to print our magazines, but they are not printed.
Many of the magazines do not agree or not have been authorized to print the peaks.
I would like to congratulate the Islamic Republic.
They do not let themselves, but as I said, we should show ourselves.
He was faced with this message.
There are representatives of the Islamic Ummah.
The orders that are established in the arena of truth are the symbols of the people. The camp of all the Islamic Ummah is the goal of drawing close to God.
It is necessary to pay attention to his friends.
He takes care of his tongue.
The things that were forbidden to immaculate are the things that were forbidden.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that I would like to introduce you.
If the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, you will see that the first point in this regard is the issue of the hajj.
This is why the Leader is interested in the hajj.
This is the example of the hajj.
The following is the issue of the hajj.
Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the fact that the hajj is the movement of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps
If we pay attention to the foundations of the hajj, they are the center of God's Guards Corps.
That is to say, all nations are on the basis of self-sacrifice and by Allah the Exalted.
The first point that is mentioned in this regard is the element of the hajj in the history of the Islamic Ummah.
The second point is related to the hajj.
This is true of all kinds.
Unfortunately, since the beginning of the end, the issue of purity and benefit from the opportunities that have been placed in the arena of the hajj will be discussed.
The third part of this message is the kind of honor that Islam has and its message.
The same is true of the ways that Islam can solve the problems of the Islamic Ummah.
The following is the issue of Islam, especially the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
In this regard, there are efforts to fight against Islam and it.
It is also mentioned in this regard.
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the fact that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution is a symbol and a symbol of
This is also true of the great power and power of the Islamic Ummah, which have been revealed in different parts of the world and innovations.
The same is true of the things that they are doing in these arenas is the result of the machinations of the arrogant powers of the world.
In all these arenas, the propaganda and the arrogant powers of the world have been mentioned in all these events.
In addition to the important and important issues that have been done in Muslim countries, they have made their efforts and they have made innovations, they have made innovations, they have made and the efforts to promote the immaculate and murderous sectors of the Islamic Ummah.
The threats of those who have strayed away from September 11, superpowered themselves.
Therefore, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and Islamic Awakening have been able to deploy the machinations of the arrogant powers towards the Islamic Ummah and the enemies have started the security of the Islamic Ummah and the enemies of the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution referred to the greatness of the world as the enemies of the people, self-confidence, supporters of terrorism and domination of Islam in the Islamic Ummah.
The ultimate goal is to promote the Islamic Republic as a successful role model in confronting the arrogant powers, and innovation of the Islamic Ummah and call to Islam, the Islamic Republic of Islam, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic of Islam and the unity of the Islamic Republic, the symbol of
What is the effect of these things in different countries?
Is there a position between the political and political and cultural and cultural figures of Islam?
Everywhere else, the meetings and the meetings that we have attended â€“ each year, visiting the 50-year visiting countries, the people and the leaders of the Islamic Republic, especially the presidents of the battlefields of the battlefield each other and all of them are referring to this issue and saying good news.
The same is true of our weakness.
Today, the issue of democracy is one of the world.
It is possible to introduce the hajj as part of the Islamic Revolution.
Of course, one of the good ways to promote the Revolution's Guards Corps is the same thing that the Imam Khomeini (r.w.a.)
This is one of the ways to strengthen the meetings and respond to the efforts of the hajj to remove the role of the hajj and the kind of progress that lies in the lives of Islam.
The same is true of many countries, but they do not know how many times they are doing.
We have reason to say, "Has the work of the hajj will continue without a sin, but the light of the hajj will be with the light of the hajj, and this light will continue with it intensified, and it will remain with the people, until the time of God, and it will continue to act on the basis of sin."
We hope that they will try to achieve the light of the hajj and try to preserve the message that they have made in order to teach the Islamic Ummah.
Leader’s Speech to Teachers - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on Kermanshah, Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the teachers of Shia and Ahlussese of Kermanshah province.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Allah the Exalted said: "We is the name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful.
They are afraid of God, and they are not afraid of everybody, and Allah becomes the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
One of the meetings and the meetings of the honorable teachers is the meeting with the esteemed teachers in different parts of the country and the youth who have managed to promote religious values and innovations.
Thankfully, the dear brothers and sisters have been gathered in this meeting with Shia and Shia and all of them, and they have gathered in this meeting.
I would like to discuss the points that I would like to discuss, but before I spoke about them, I would like to congratulate the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Armed Forces (r.w.a.),
I would like to talk to him in Kermanshah in a number of times.
We also witnessed at certain meetings, which was held at the Assembly of the Palestinian seminaries in Islam.
The meetings were held at the threshing of the Armed Forces (r.a.) because we were at the meeting.
His humility, the world of Islam, the physical and physical personalities, all of these things are among the characteristics that are committed to them.
And Allah the Exalted will reward him at the end of a long time of life, and God will bestow death on him.
I have repeatedly said that martyred is a business environment, and death is a great advantage.
There are certain times when life will come to the end of " the soul of the dead is the symbol of death."
We too are interested in this regard. It is necessary to
It is Allah the Exalted who bestows perfection on us.
In this province, the old Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was among the people who were martyred.
The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was among the
God bestows mercy on these two martyrs.
Similarly, I would like to mention the great teacher of morality, humble, humble, and sincere innovations, which is part of our friends in the school of Husbands.
Allah has shown mercy.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, before that time, I would like to visit Kermanshah, I went to his home and witnessed his duties.
And after the death of the Imam (r.a.), Imam Khomeini
I would like to congratulate this point.
He wrote to me with good writing, and I would like to make him in the future.
This is the problem with us.
Dear God, make you dear men and women, so we want to be like a basiji who creates somewhere else, and if you
This is the economy which says: "The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) fear of God is one of the characteristics of teachers."
The teachers have certain characteristics, but the fear of God is being praised.
The knowledge is that one can achieve this great blessing.
This is to say, you dear youth should be prepared to do this. When you are working for the past, if a person does something else, it will benefit from it.
This life will be safeguarded. Some of them will move towards old, and some others will not achieve this.
You should know that it is necessary to know that it is between the 20 years until the time of the end of the country.
When a person is 20-year-old, he thinks that there are some time to spend more than 20 years.
I would like to say that they will move forward. If the path of the country is prepared to do something, it is necessary to achieve it.
Therefore, I would like to ask the honorable students to think about God, fear of God, and try to draw close to God, which is necessary to knowledge, which is the main requirement for knowledge.
If there are knowledge, knowledge can be very effective in this regard.
We have a clergyman - who is religious and non-religious - which is not just benefited from knowledge.
The spirit of spirituality and spirituality, which is necessary for knowledge and teachers.
The city of Kermanshah is very important.
As Mrmanma said in the past, Kermanshah was a prominent role model. They were such as the families of Alghali and the domestics, both young and intellectuals, not one or two people - both in heaven and in heaven.
The same is true of Kermanshah.
Dear God has proved to be upon him - and Hahbai, which is one of the great and fathers - is awakened to Kermanshah.
Of course, they did not have the intentions, but they went through it, and they were among the families of Alghaha.
Many of his children are among the teachers.
This is an example.
Another example is the Leader of the Islamic Revolution.
I still remember certain points.
The dear members of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - Khamenei.ir
He was judging in Isfahan.
That is to say, it is necessary to identify God and tread it.
And it is among those who have been trained in the right direction.
A teacher is Kabuli, a prominent figure in different parts of the country.
The book that was written about was a good book for many years.
The value of Kermanshah has been done in Kermanshah,
I have read in this book that Mr. Qara'ati (s.a.), and I have come to Kermanshah, met Kermanshah, and I have
The book says that I am one of the two witnesses - I think that I am athletes because I have been reading for the book Agread the book Agreads - Agreet, which is a great teacher, but he is in front of Kabuli (a.s.).
This is a lesson.
This is not a champion or defect in a prominent teacher.
We should learn what these things are. You dear youth should follow this path and make progress.
This was the man of Kabul who grew up in India and went to Najaf from Kermanshah and was transferred to Kermanshah.
In Kermanshah, Kabuli
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution is one of the teachers who have been exiled in this meeting.
This is a characteristic that shows the hearts of the people, they are interested in religious teachers.
When they find a person and identify the characteristics that he has, they will welcome him and they will not say that they are not in
Marshrafi was a man of Isfahan, but he was like Kermanshah.
This is what I said about.
I would like to discuss certain issues.
The dear teachers, the dear youth, and the future.
For two reasons: First of all, it is the opportunity to promote Islam in the world - whether they are non-Muslims or non-Muslims - which
Therefore, the load of responsibility will be carried out.
Today you are in a similar situation.
You should not be afraid. They are afraid ofS and they do not fear God for anybody.
You should not be afraid of them. You should not be afraid of
It is not to say that there is no reason for you, but do not be afraid of these things.
You should not do what is expected.
Did this not happen in Iran?
This is to say, it is not the case with all modern-day councils.
Each scholar said that this action is not a good thing.
I would like to tell you that some of our fellow believers say that they will not do anything.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that Imam (r.a.) said: "
He was not convinced that the enemy would be defeated.
Later, he told me this.
The Imam (r.a.) said, the
Not only did America go to America, and western powers go to the same direction and the greatness of the arrogant powers.
There is nobody who believes it.
Nobody feels that the movement of the Islamic Revolution will happen in Egypt. Egypt, Egypt, and technological agreements, Egypt, Egypt and Hosbai-Mustanah.
This is an event in a different area, but there is nobody think about Egypt.
They are among the things that we should make in our hearts.
We are trying to achieve a lot of things.
You should be prepared to make a heavy burden, so that you may not be afraid of all God.
They should not forget God.
And Allah becomes the Rewarder.
This is our path.
It is necessary to think of self-confidence. It is necessary to think of self-confidence. It is necessary to be treated as teachers - and it is to be done with us.
Allah the Exalted said: "The Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
And if you do not do it, let them know what they are doing and what they are right.
Therefore, if we have been prepared for the occupation of demons, we will be prepared to stand up against the machinations of the demons and the people.
They will fight against us, and we will be prepared.
On the part of the spirit, we should strengthen our walls to us - which is a source of faith and faith - in order to achieve victory.
Contrary to a monotheism is based on the fact that we are going from the battlefields and
The ceremony belongs to a person is to make him suffer foreign.
If you are not busy in the heart, there is no success in you.
Dear God, we should rely on the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), and they should rely on Allah.
This is a lesson for us.
We should read the Holy Quran with all thought. We should
This witness that is coming to you throughout the present time, days, days and other modern media.
I have heard this about it.
These are the things that have not been imposed on them. Some of Muslims are killed in order to prepare a meeting with Shia and Shia and Shia.
In this regard, in the same regard, they give a good witness to Shia to the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) in this regard.
These are the ways that they are following.
This is to say, it is a great blessing for them.
I would like to tell you that you are the province of Kardi and Shia and Sunnis are living together with one another.
Shia and Sunni students should be prepared for meetings, and they should identify one another and speak with them.
We have worked with them.
You can stand up against you, but keep your work together.
If they want to do research, they do not.
I believe in the non-Isra (r.a.) if they want to take a knowledge of scholars and scholars, I would not have done this in a particular way, but they did not
However, there are certain things that have been associated with them. There are certain diseases that have been associated with it.
The Teacher of Shia is speaking to his people, and they speak with his people, and they will use this power to solve these problems.
There are some people who are in the hands of the Armed Forces. They are not ashamed of themselves.
It is necessary to pay attention to this fact in the Islamic Ummah.
Therefore, this innovation that we speak to itself has made all of these things.
Another responsibility is to study.
I heard that Kermanshah, a group of Kermanshah, who was familiar with the brothers, and they were not going to exile, and if they did not return to them, especially, they would go to three months.
Therefore, the issue of knowledge is very important.
Of course, there is an important point.
There were certain students who were present at the lesson that I had given.
I would like to congratulate him, and I would like to ask him to say, "We arenas in the city of Khoras (r.a.) and I would like to say that I did not know what to teach the people."
This is the understanding which is spoken.
Today, look at the young people whom we have studied.
In Kermanshah, the graduates were very busy.
This is not at any time.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, all of Kermanshah, a number of those who managed to take up three branches of the Islamic Revolution.
But today, those who have fallen asleep in the past ten times have been a source of continuations.
The youth are faced with different statements, and there are
You should know the questions that they have and prepare them for the answers.
Dear God, know how to express their thoughts, and give them the answers to their thoughts and needs of the Holy Quran and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
Ayatollah Khamenei said that this is true of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), the book of Mr. Qara
You are in You.
You should do these things.
You should think about the fact that you are looking for the educational system of the heavens.
Dear God, cleanse the hearts of the people whom you speak and encourage them.
As I said, "Desid, I would like to say, I would like to say, "We are the things that I have prepared for a nation."""
It is necessary to act in a difficult way.
In addition, teachers have a responsibility in this regard.
The nurses and teachers are saying that through their cleric, morality, kindness, kindness, and they are trying to focus their attention on the people who are speaking to them.
It is all returning.
If he can preserve his relationship with him, he will save it.
It is very important.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on you.
I do not know that the meetings are being done in Kermanshah or not have been held in Kermanshah, and you should be present in this meeting.
No, Shia and Sunni girls do not harm their children.
Go together with one another, and be kind to one another.
There are certain things that have been associated with them.
If this happens, it will continue.
I would like to tell you that during the Revolution the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Revolution had a new spirit in the world.
This is a very powerful factor that can create in the west of western countries?
The victory of the Islamic Revolution and the greatness of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
They returned to the Holy Quran, and they received certain information on Islam, and they
The second factor is when the Islamic Republic is defeated.
Determinations in the Islamic Ummah have been a source of youth and many of the holy people who hope they hope for the system of Islam. They think that if the government of arrogance will be eliminated from countries, there will be no injustice and discord.
Some of them are honest, but they do not believe in Islam.
They believe that there are hopes for the people.
However, when a lame is busy, they see that they do not do so, there is no
Therefore, they are following the path of Islam.
All those of you who have seen in Egypt, Yemen and other places are from Islam. They are all in the past thirty years - in the past 32, 30 years - all of them speculate and policies.
This is true of our country. I do not want to mention them.
There are people who speak about Islam, but these things
They looked at Islam and watched the Holy Quran, looking at the Islamic Republic and looking at the Islamic Republic and looking
In a system that is guaranteed by Islam, it has been established in the present system of things and in the modern world, and all the enemies of the people are fighting against him, but he stands up like a stone.
The people who are looking for all the things that they need innovations, but they do not have a lot of progress, but they see what they are look
What do you think?
They would like to congratulate this issue.
In the Palestinian center of the United States, it is not the economy of America, and it is not the economy of America and all of them who are in the streets. They
This is what we say from the beginning, and we say that the future is not necessary for us.
You should be prepared.
Islam should be prepared.
Unfortunately, the teachings and teachings of Islam are based on the Holy Quran and the statements of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.)
If you do this, you will see how they love Islam.
I would like to congratulate all of you.
Dear God, make religious scholars in what you believe.
Dear God, bestow on these dear youth and youth who are familiar with religion in Kermanshah and Kermanshah and Kermanshah.
Dear God, bestow Your mercy on us.
Dear God, make the heart of the Imam of the Age (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
Leader Meets - Khamenei.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution said that the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is a new member of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
Abdululal Aliihari (a.s.) achieved
Dear God, by his wife, Mrah (a.s.a.) because of the great efforts of the Revolution's Guards Corps, which should not be overlooked because of the religious teachings of the Islamic Revolution and the talents, the role of the Islamic Republic and the role of the
That is to say, I would like to tell you that I would like to say, I would like to speak to you.
Therefore, I would like to congratulate you with the importance of guardians, safeguarding the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, innovations, innovations, industructions, industructions, industruction, and relying on Allah the Exalted.
I would like to congratulate you with Allah the Exalted in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
In Urdebehesh, 1395
May 2016
Leader’s Speech in Qara'ati - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on April 4, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the 13th of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), the Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet (s.w.a.) and upon the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), especial
We are thankful to Allah the Exalted who has given us many opportunities for the sake of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
Of course, the 13th of Imam Khomeini (r.a.) has always been in the hearts of our people, but the 13th of Khordad is a symbol of the love of the Iranian nation.
The day of his great martyrs is similar to the day of his magnanimous Imam Ja''s (a.s.)
This year is similar to the 1375 years of the year 1342.
The 13th of Khordad is a very important day and a week.
I would like to discuss these things before going to the main issue and I would like to speak to it.
The 13th of Khordad is not the beginning of the great movement of teachers and the people.
Before the 15th of Khordad, there are certain important issues that happened in the year 1341 and the 1342.
For example, what happened in Palestine was the day of the year 1342, the issue of Police and the Political Council of the Palestin
Before the end of the year 1341, I would like to congratulate the people in the marketplaces, the great Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
All these things show that the movement of teachers in the year 1341 and 1342 was a prominent role of the police officials and the security of the Islamic Republic of Islam.
However, the day of Khordad is a very important occasion.
This is why the event of the 15th of Khordad is the symbol of the relationship between the people and teachers at that time.
This year - which is the 13th of Khordad - was the economy of the 13th of Imam (r.a.).
Later on, Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was arrested on Khordad, and in Bhordad and a number of other cities, and some people were sent to a champion.
This is to say, the fact that this relationship is the progressive progress of this movement and leads to victory.
Wherever a movement is supported by the people and traveling with them, this movement will continue.
If the people do not enter a certain movement, it will not succeed.
As the events of Iran during the Sacred Defense Era, the movements of the Islamic Republic and the empatheism have been made, but the movement of the people is not with them.
When the people entered the arena and supported a movement, all the thoughts and power of the people will be with him, the movement will continue.
This is what happened on Khordad.
The result of the people who were sent to Tehran and other cities from the news that our magnanimous government was forced to enter the arena with all its power and oppressed people.
The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was filled with the blood of God's servants and
On the 15th of Khordad the reign of arrogance and a lack of faith is clear.
The issue of the 15th of Khordad - which is good for our dear youth and our dear people - is that when the killing of the people in Tehran and other cities, there is no progress, those who ask themselves for human rights, there is nothing.
People and teachers are not just in the arena.
They also claimed that they have the claims of supporting the battlefields. They have made God to the movements. They say that this is an unfortunate movement.
When self-confidence and congratulates fail to awaken themselves in the battlefields, we will be accused of the people of arrogance.
They say, they say, they believe that they are a movement towards the country. The result of the support of the people, they have made progress and showed the world of religion, but the goal of progress and progress.
The Imam (r.a.) has been a source of three things that have faith in them, who have given him in order to resist, and the three things: faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith, faith and faith.
The Imam (r.a.) referred to the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.) and the people responded to this call to him and all their
They entered the arena and stood on the scene.
They managed this movement, which has not been done in the world, to victory.
Now, I would like to discuss these three truths with Imams.
These are the important things which we have realized, and they will shine on our path.
Dear God, Imam Khomeini (r.w.a.) said: "We are the people who have gathered together, and the people are afraid of you."
They said that they believe, they said: "The Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.), the
He said that it will be done by Allah's favor, and it will be done. He said, "In you will help you." [The Holy Quran, 47] this is the promise of Allah, which is
Dear God, the Imam (r.a.) understood the Iranian nation and all the meanings of this word.
The Imam (r.a.) said that this nation is a nation, a nation, faith, self-confidence, and firm determination.
The Imam (r.a.) If the people were at the right time, they would not like Sulsain Hussein (r.a.) welcome the Iranian nation, but they
He understood the Iranian nation and made them available.
He stressed that the Islamic Ummah is a role model of resistance, insight, and insight.
The people are all interested in the Imam (r.a.) and the enemies of the people are more effective than ever before.
This is why Imam Khomeini (r.a.) was not present at the front lines of domestic powers because they were opposed to humanity and the Imam (r.a.).
The issue of trust, Imam Khomeini taught the Iranian nation that we can.
He stressed that the power of the world in which the power is committed to the world, the 1342, despite the pressure of Imam Khomeini (r.a.), he stressed that the people of Qara's (r.a.).
It is a teacher who does not have a weapon or the support of the country and the supporters of the country.
By Allah's favor, you will prove to be a person in this regard.
And when Imam (r.a.) returned to exile, Imam Zahra (r.a.), Imam Bakt (r.a.), I would like to slap the government of Baks, I would like to slap you.
The Imam (r.w.a.) was a source of power.
This willingness to believe in Allah, and the Imam (r.a.) is the one who is present to the people.
And some believe this. One of the powerful weapon of the enemies to prove their power on other nations is to say that they are not able to do what we can.
This is why the Iranian nation has been prepared for many years in scientific arenas, economic and other areas.
He told the Iranian nation that you can.
He has returned to us, re-appearance and firmness in order to promote self-confidence.
We have made progress in this regard. Therefore, the Iranian nation has spent 30 years in all arenas.
They believe in the faith, faith, faith, and trust in men, are the foundations of all kinds of self-confidence, action, and politics.
During the beginning of this battle, the three martyrs gave power to the Imam (r.a.).
When he was forced to exile, he was exiled. When he was transferred to Paris, he was
These are three things that they gave thanks to Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
This is the case in Bahman, the victory of the Islamic Revolution, the most prominent parts of the Islamic Republic, the Leader of the Islamic Revolution, the Islamic Republic of Islam, the resistance of the Islamic Republic of Islam, the uprisings of the war against the world, during the three years of the war and the war of the Zionists.
The three things are the foundations of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.).
In the end of his life, nobody can see the sign of weakness, tiredness, innovations and innovations of Imam (r.a.
Many of the arrogant powers of the world are faced with during the past years, and they
Sometimes they come back to the memory of the statements that they have mentioned in the past.
The Imam Khomeini (r.a.) spoke about the end of his life in the year 1342 and hotels.
He is old, but his heart is the spirit of youth.
This is the firmness of the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran.
The same is true of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.)), the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.), and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.)
The Iranian nation changed their hearts.
The Iranian nation adjusted their path and Allah the Exalted helped them and helped them.
What was the result?
There are many things that our youth should know about the capacities, the government of Pahlavivii - which is more serious than the time of the reign of Kajajar and America.
This self-confidence is a source of shame.
After the victory of the Islamic Revolution, the American officials and the American officials said: "They are the things that we need."
They tell you that you should have relations with you and you should
You will buy oil and sell it.
This country that depends on certain individuals, and it has been made to the country and to those who are oppressed.
They have been transformed into the world, but they have been changed.
They have been changed with the officials and the people.
For the past 30 years, the officials of the country and the economic and political centers of the country are the centers of society.
They did not let their immaculate powers become very important.
The corrupt politicians in front of the enemies and show their anger on the people, and they have made themselves in the arena of knowledge, and we have made progress in the arena of knowledge.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, we have no success in scientific areas.
Is this something else?
The champions of the world are saying that they are coming for many years - the Iranian nation will have a role in the educational system in the world.
Is this something else?
We have been in a country where we are going to build a road, across the streets, and a company, and we must put our hands on certain parts of the Armed Forces so that they can prepare the ground for company.
Today, the youth of this nation are not independent of self-confidence, but they have built thousands of councils.
Is it necessary to shut our minds with all of these things?
In the arena of health, in order to preserve the health and innovation, our health should go to Europe, and if they do not, they do not have to die.
Today our country is not limited to many other cities.
The Iranian nation does not need foreign citizens in this regard.
We have made self-confidence in this regard.
During that time, many of the regions were ignored.
Before the victory of the Islamic Revolution visited cities and several branches of the country, there was no support for the regional areas.
Today, there are various branches in the country where they are in different cities and in different areas.
Today nobody can say that they do not have electricity or some other ways.
During the time before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, the number of 30 million people of the country were at that time.
Today the number of the people are two times, but the number of officials that I have spent 20 times.
The officials and the officials of the Islamic Revolution referred to the large number of teachers and officials.
In every city, everybody is responsible for two officials, there are two areas in which there are ten
At that time, a prominent seminarian and high school students did not take a lot of side.
Today, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps
This is the great movement of the Iranian nation, the determination of the Revolution, the youth and our officials, which has been done for 30 years.
These are important things.
Determinations of the Revolution have been made in the country, and thousands of branches have been
There are many things in the country.
These things should be considered.
These things have been blessed with the faith and faith that Imam Khomeini made in the hearts of the Iranian nation - faith, faith, faith
We do not say these things because false claims have arisen, we should not feel happy.
No, we are in front of us.
I would like to tell you that if we are compared to the time of monotheism, we can see this victory in a clear way. But if we want to see ourselves, the greatness of the Islamic Ummah and the people who are interested in the world, the dignity of the world, our morality and morality.
I would like to say this is because our dear nation and its strongholders know that the victory will be carried out by these three religious faiths.
They know that there is a long way. But you can,
You can continue this dangerous path until the athlete of
I would tell these things because you know that the efforts of the enemies have made in our hearts are doing so because they are angry.
Greetings are in front of us.
We have a champion.
What is the champion of our path?
This is to say, the teachings that are being done on the streets will help us and continue the champion of our champion. The Imam (a.s.).
I do not think of the value of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.), but we should forget his teachings.
The champion is accompanied by Imam (r.a.) and it
In addition to the political, Imam Khomeini's discipline is the firm determination to fight against the policy of the Islamic Republic and its national interests. You and Muslims and all nations of the world, do not depend on countries.
The meetings of Imams are with us.
In the arena of traditional matters, Imam Khomeini (r.w.a.) and his statements, they have been gathered together in the arenas. In the arena of
In the arena of economic matters, the teaching of Imam Khomeini is the self-confidence, self-confidence, self-confidence, self-confidence, and self-confidence.
And the teachings of Imam Khomeini demanded that we trust in the economic capacities in the world and that we should
The Iranian nation can reduce such progress in order to stand up with the stabililities, faith and remembrance of Imam Khomeini (r.a.).
The Iranian nation can continue.
For example, consider the capacities and capacities that have, and we can continue the path of the Iranian nation through which 30 years have been done and what the Revolution has been done and by Allah's favor for other nations, the Iranian nation will continue its path.
Of course, the issue of monotheism is one of the things that is moving forward.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on you dear brothers and sisters.
It is the symbol of all these three faith that are accompanied by Imam (r.w.a.) and should be with us. It is the symbol of faith in God.
It is our responsibility, our faith in the future.
The Iranian people have this responsibility.
It is also a symbol of trust, for it is the symbol of the people, and it is the people who
It is still a symbol of self-sacrifice, for all those who are thrown into the basijis will feel that it is necessary to support the country.
This is a very important issue.
Therefore, it is a symbol to believe in Allah, and it is a symbol of trust and trust.
If you should not cooperate with one of the eight men in the arenas - you should not see the Islamic Republic.
Dear God, all of you dear brothers and sisters, do not belong to the Islamic Republic.
This is to say, whether those who are in the arena of the country or those who are supporting you - who are in charge of the Islamic Republic - believe in the Islamic Republic.
The second point is the issue of vigilance, whether this or this brotherhood or that I would like to benefit from the country and all the other members of the country.
Our enemies have thought that they are threatening the Islamic system.
Their goal is even if there are no pleasure, it is necessary to say, it is necessary to say that the people are at the age of 138.
This is what the enemies of this nation hope.
Of course they do not know our nation. The enemies of this nation have forgotten the day of Deyja - when the Iranian nation has been supported by the Islamic Revolution in the year 138.
They have managed to democracy, and they have managed to organize certain scholars through their statements.
On another occasion, they said that they have already been organized, and they have not been disciplined at a certain time. They say that they are not in front of the people.
No, they do not know our people, and they do not know how to identify our Islamic Republic.
Could this happen in different countries?
In different countries, if you do not have two capabilities, you do not support them, but they are not enough to do so.
There are certain people who are not supporting the Zionists, and they do not support the use of the evil powers of the world, and they cannot enter the arena.
They did not have access to media with them, and they did not have books that would be prepared for their economy.
Therefore, it is possible to put themselves to death on a daily basis.
In our country there will not be a lot of ridicule for the people.
Where do these things happen in all parts of the world?
What is necessary in the arena of law.
It is to say that certain people can enter the arenas and others cannot enter it.
The Law was prepared to stand up.
This is based on law.
The enemies are on the side of the scene. They speak about all these things. As I said, they say, but they are the people who are afraid of God and they continue to emphasize these things.
But the Iranian nation will respond to these people with their determination and with their firm determination, and with their firm determination, and they will respond to them.
Let me tell a group of brothers and sisters, and when they are prepared for the economy, they have managed to fulfill their responsibilities.
They can do all the things that they see in their society, but they are wise to do what is necessary.
They should consider this point. I do not have a champion. I am not at all.
I would like to congratulate the people who would like to express themselves.
They did, but they did not mean anything. They did not have to be a prominent role in this government or in the past.
They should not mean the good things that have been done in the past.
Everybody in the country does not need to take action in order to achieve great achievements.
During the past years, many governments have been made.
These things should not be ignored.
All these things should not be done in order to confront the economy and the cost of production, but we have managed to do all these things.
But if we have some problems, we should not do all the things that have been done.
This is to say, it is not necessary to do what is not done.
I would like to address all of them, but they would not be embarrassed.
If you are present in the future, you will not exercise self-confidence in this regard.
You should do what you can.
In our country, according to the administration, the president of our country has great power.
The president of the Islamic Republic is a great source of power.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution is the one who takes the lead in his hands.
The president of the Islamic Republic is in different areas.
He is the only solution.
The Law is not limited.
The Law is a basiji,
Those who speak to the people today should tell them what they can and what they need.
If they are prepared and prepared to tell people, they are trying to carry out their responsibilities in order to fulfill their responsibility.
Some people think that we are committed to the enemies because they are angry with us.
This is wrong.
The enemy is so strong that the presence of you and the presence of the Islamic Republic will be alive in the hearts of the people of the country and on the occasion of the 13th of Khordad is the day of the Imam (a.s.) because the day of
This is the reason for this provoking.
If our nation stands firm against its firm determination, the more we need to resolve the problems, is the issue of economic capabilities, and the enemy cannot be able to strengthen the Iranian nation.
In any case, what is important is the firm determination, faith, faith, and trust in the people who are willing to stand up against you, whether they are in the society or in society.
Dear God, I hope you dear brothers and sisters, and I hope that the great test will bring their peaks and rewards.
Husbands or power are taken away from Allah, the Exalted, the greatness of dignity and dignity.
Leader’s Speech to the United States - Khamenei.ir
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
To all of you dear youth, the United States and the United States
The recent events that happened in France and in certain countries are the right thing to speak to you.
I speak to you, O youth, not because of your parents, but because you are the most prominent people and your country are in the hands of you.
I would not speak to politicians, government officials, and I would like to say that they did not have to fight against the Islamic Ummah.
The same is true of you.
Over 20 years ago - from the time of the champion of Taraati - has been made in a great way to reveal this great religion as a very fear.
Unfortunately, this frightening and economy is a very prominent figure in the western history.
I would not like to speak about the enemies of different kinds of discords that have been created in the hearts of western nations.
If you go back to history, you will see that the new writers of history have repeatedly tried to fight against injustice and justice and the west nations and nations throughout the world.
The Islamic history of the Americans has been very shameful because of the worship of the people and the oppressed and oppressed the people and those who did not do what they did.
Experts and teachers are among the value of the blood which have been shed between the blood of religion and the blood of the Catholic councils, innovations, sectarians and ethnic groups of the world.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps is not the same thing that they have taken place in history, but what I want you to ask certain religious scholars, and why they have recently strayed away from the hearts of the
Why are the people in the history of the people not considered in the past ?
Why should people be vigilant in understanding the important ways in which we engage in culture and thinking?
You should know that the abuse of monotheism and the right thing for the people of the country is one of the things that have been done in the arena of oppression and innovation.
I would like to ask you, and why are the economy of the economy returned to the embodiment of the
Why is the global system of the world arogance in the future?
What are some things that are considered in the Islamic Ummah and what can be done in this regard?
Therefore, the first requirement is to ask you and follow the reasons for this great movement.
The second requirement is to respond to the fact that the magnanimous propaganda does not mean that you should try to understand
The health of the heart is based on knowledge of the truth and the fact that you are suffering from him. I do not believe that the
You should not let them introduce you and ridiculers with their authority as the representatives of Islam.
You should identify Islam from the main foundations.
Try to identify the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.)
I would like to ask you, but you are still reading the Holy Quran of the Islamic Ummah.
You have studied the teachings of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) and greetings be upon him, his morality, morality, and morality.
Did you know that the Islamic Republic is different from the media?
You have made this point in this regard, based on certain teachings, and it has been the most prominent figures in the world, and it teaches the best of intellectuals, intellectuals, intellectuals, intellectuals, intellectuals, intellectuals and intellectuals.
I would like to say that you should not allow politicians to fight against you from the truth and to remove justice from you.
In the present time, the champion of communication is based on domestic products, and do not let you be
Of course, there is nobody else, but every one of you can develop justice on this issue.
Fortunately, this challenge between Islam and you youth is a very difficult challenge, but this can be a source of questions for your hearts.
The answers to these questions will help you to identify a new truth.
Therefore, do not let this opportunity become familiar with the truths of the Islamic Awakening, so that you should make a lot of responsibility in your eyes, and the people of the nations will write the history of the west to Islam without suffering.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
Leader’s Speech to Greets - Khamenei.ir
Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - Khamenei.ir
The following is the full text of the speech delivered by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution:
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
The Great Defense of Mahdaviat Ahadinejad (Allah)
Considering the value of the value you have spent eight years as the president of the Islamic Republic and the experience of you in this regard.
Sayyid Ali Khamenei
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 20, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the thousands of Imam Ridha (a.s.s.) in the early days of Mashshshshshhad.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet (s.w.a.) and upon the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave me a number of occasions for you dear people, the dear people of Mashhad and those who visited the dear brothers and sisters from the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.).
I would like to congratulate the birthday anniversary of the new year, I hope that the year we have entered will be a source of happiness and excitement for the Iranian nation throughout the country and throughout the country.
There are certain points that I would like to discuss with you brothers and sisters.
The first point is the champion of the events that have happened to us, on our nation, and innovation.
For the sake of the events that have been discussed in the year 1390, especially the achievements of the Iranian nation in the year is because of the enmity of the enemies and enemies of the Iranian nation.
The leaders of the arrogant powers, the use of power, power, power, power, and power of their capabilities - have been used by all their power, power, propaganda, and propaganda - to see the Iranian nation and make you feel strong.
Anyone who follows the propaganda that is committed to the Iranian nation can clearly see these efforts, trying to make efforts, stressing the efforts of the oppressors, the threats, and other countries that are moving towards the Iranian nation from the battlefields.
They want to democracy that we can use our magnanimous Imam Khomeini (r.a.), and the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps, they want to deploy the hearts of the nation and its people, and they will not be able to do anything.
They have made all efforts to achieve this goal. The year they have managed to make progress in this regard.
I would like to realize that the problems of the Iranian nation are awaiting the path that they have made and that they have given to them and that the enemies of the Iranian nation are hopeful.
The reason why we speak about the capabilities and capacities is to assure us that the Iranian nation has made use of this power and that they want the Iranian nation to show that the Iranian nation will not be able to do so.
We do not have weakness, but in the arena of weakness, we are not weak.
We have given the year 1390 the name of the year 1390, which is named in the year 1390 of the year 1390, and this is the issue of economy.
The officials and the officials of the country managed to do the same in economic areas and the kind of people that they did during the past year
One of the things that can be said in this regard is the goal of creating production.
All these responsibilities, whether in the past or in this government, they have managed to take action in the country, and everybody believes in this regard.
Of course, this event is associated with itself, but the issue has made progress without the problems that have been made in the past. However, in the past, the atmosphere of sanctions and innovations that have been made more than ever before, they have made more
It is not a duty, but now government officials - whether in the government or in the Assembly - and the people supported them and made very important achievements.
This is a very important role.
One of the goals of this arrangement is to separate the people from the government in a righteous way.
In a speech I explained that this is being separated from different parts of the country throughout the country.
I would like to benefit from different parts of the country.
This is one of the goals of this preparedness and is the most important goal of this law.
Another goal is to improve the educational system and the economic system of the country.
According to the economy - which all of them have dealt with - it can be adjusted in carrying out the goals that are made.
Another goal is to use monotheism as appropriate.
As long as we fail to achieve divine blessings, we are used to use bullying feminine capabilities.
We use these blessings to make many of the countries of the world - it is also possible to say that all the countries of the world are in the world.
Currently, Kaddid is agreed, and it shows us that if they are not present, they do not take action in the country.
When we are not wealthy, what must we do?
We should come to a foreign person, and the Iranian nation should be vigilant in the hands of the enemies of the Armed Forces.
But the result of the victory of the Armed Forces has been achieved, but the management that has been made in front of the country is unable to enter.
This was the work that was done in the year 1390. When our enemies put us in order to bring our nation to perfection.
But the youth in our society are determined by this responsibility and they have managed to resolve the machinations of the enemies.
Another important factor that has been done in the past is the result of the determination of the people.
It is one of the keys to strengthening the economy of economic capacities and management.
When a nation achieves knowledge that has advanced in the modern technology, it will achieve wealth and will become a source of power, it will be a source of power and power.
This is because the importance of scientific advances is due to knowledge.
I would like to congratulate different parts of the country from different parts of the country.
According to the report of the global educational system - which is not the centers of knowledge - have not been mentioned in the world - is the most important progress that is happening in Iran.
During the year 1390, a report that has been published in 2011, which has been published in 2011 - which the three months of the Iranian nation has managed to increased knowledge and progress in 2010.
When the enemies of the Iranian nation managed to defeat the Iranian nation, we managed the Iranian nation, but the Iranian nation managed to take action in this regard.
Today, in the hegemony, I have also reported the educational systems in the world - which is the first part of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps and over the entire world.
This is the report that some people who have been present in different parts of the world, but they say, we have made progress in the art of Nanonono (s.w.a.) in the Palestinian countries, and I have
In the year 1389, the Americans and the other handed us over 20 percent.
It is necessary to prepare the basijis of the Holy Quran (r.w.a.).
They set a lot of things for us in order to give rise to different kinds, but we have accepted it.
The Brazilian Jami and Turkey came to our country and took part in a agreement.
But after the champion of the Revolution, the Americans did not want to take part in this agreement. They wanted to buy certain things to do so in order to
This is the result of the unfortunate promise of the Americans. This is the case with the
During the past year, they managed to bring about 20 percent to the benefit of the nuclear power and took action to the world, and our enemies
Of course they know that the center of Basij is based on medicine, the need for health, and thousands of patients - and they have not managed to stop it.
Our youth managed to raise him.
It is a very difficult work, but it has been carried out in different parts of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps
This event was what happened in the year 1390.
During the speech delivered on the front lines of monotheism, they say, they are the people who are in charge of the Islamic Revolution and the youth who are in the country and they are in charge of three sectarians, Russia, and I am not able to go to 20, and I am
This is what happened in 1390.
The number of panegyrists, including domestic products, and the role of foreign products, they have been established in a society, and all of them have been
This is a part of the achievements that have been achieved during the year of the economy of economy.
These are scientific progress, scientific and scientific advances, but all of them have a powerful influence in the arena of the country.
At the end of the 1390 " s - that is to say, the year 1390 - that has passed away - is the center of scientific research.
I have seen many things and the progress that have been made in different areas, which can be considered in certain areas. Therefore, it is not possible to say that these things are not limited to our nation.
The first step is the spirit and thought that it is in the hearts of t
They are attracted to their duties and bodies. They are like those who are hearing, just like the people in the arena of God.
There are different difference between those who are working for the sake of dignity and dignity because of the dignity and position of knowledge and those who are working for God.
This is very valuable.
The second point is that our scholars have made a lot of money for our nation.
I would like to congratulate my prayers, some people said that we are thankful to God and they placed them.
The basiji spirit that the sanctions and the enemies have made us have a lot of things and is very valuable.
The third point that I have seen in that meeting is the kind of sincerity that is accompanied by it.
Some of the three branches are not limited to tobacco.
For many years, our country needs to learn the arena of these compliments and they have spent many hours in the country.
But if I see that they are determined to say, they are determined to say that we can.
Such a trust between a nation and certain prominent youth and a nation is very valuable.
Another characteristic is to believe in the youth.
This is the hand of youth.
And the youth are the foundations of the light.
Another characteristic is the relationship between the officials and officials.
I would like to congratulate the officials in different parts of the country.
Fortunately, I noticed that this relationship was guaranteed.
Of course, this is true of all kinds of scholars and officials, and it
This is the economy in the year 1390. The year since the end of its enemies has been raised in a difficult way. Sometimes they are threatening political, and they are trying to pressure us.
The Islamic Republic is making efforts throughout the world throughout the world. They make efforts
There are certain great achievements that have been made in the year 1390.
Contrary to the meetings of Islam, Palestine, the Assembly of Experts, the international international meetings without terrorists, the gatherings of the youth and all of these things are one of the things that have been done in Tehran.
The Islamic Republic is a center with the eyes of the world of Islam.
In the economy, thousands of homes and homes have been built in a society.
This is a very valuable number. It is built in a basiji,
These are the things that have been established in these years for the sake of justice.
In spite of these enemies, the enemies and the evil and the evil, the nation is standing on the battlefield.
Of course, it is necessary to realize that it is not possible to conclude. I hope the people will
This election is very important.
I would like to tell you, I said that the six months that they are trying to see that they are not going to go.
They would sometimes say that they would be defeated and they would have to fight against the enemies of the Iranian nation. They had
During our martyrs - which have been done in the past six months - they have acted in a way similar to that of the three terrorism - is their goal.
During the past ten years, the number of the people during the Sacred Defense Era (a.s.) was not limited to 40 years.
The same is true of the Iranian nation - and look at the contents of the people who are making - in this regard.
By such pressures, the threats, the threats and the threats of the 13th of Esfan is the day of Esfanism and the champion of the Islamic Republic of Islam and the Islamic Republic, but they want this day to separate the people from the country.
This election is a good news and a source of power.
They are speaking about the things that have been done in Iran and they are telling the news about the country and they are very real, but they are not able
This is the case with the people.
This election is like a powerful media that can reveal the reality of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Ummah towards other nations.
These are the things that have happened in 1390. The year when the enemies put their power in order to defeat the Iranian nation.
These are some of the achievements that the Iranian nation achieved during the year 1390.
Since the issue of nuclear conflicts, the enemies have made it.
They knew that the Iranian nation is not the nuclear weapons.
This is because of the reasons that we have not been looking for nuclear weapons. We do not know what they are doing, but they do not know what they are doing. But they
What is the main issue?
It is the essence of the firm determination of the Islamic Republic to preserve the wealth of the Armed Forces.
The future - such as the power of economic, economic, economic, economic, economic, and economic and economic power - are the result of economy and innovation.
For the past few years, they will be in need of oil in the world. This is an essential issue.
The arrogant powers know that their life is due to humanity.
When they fail to achieve this lack of oil in the country, they are faced with a lot of things, and the
In the past six years, a number of countries and other countries will benefit from the blessings of the country.
The Americans, which are now very valuable for the 20 billion billions of our scholars and our scholars - who rely on the number of Americans - and the number of Americans - have passed since 20 years.
They will then rely on the sanctions that come from the Persian Gulf and 50 percent of the world.
They will rely on the three ceremonies of our region and the sea. They will then rely on the 13th of our country.
This is between all parts of the world - not just the Gulf of the Persian Gulf, the country and the economy of sanctions, the Islamic Republic of Iran.
Some countries are far more prominent than our own, and certain farmers are more than we have.
On the other hand, we are in the arena of the second capacities in the world - the first part of our country - in the arena of oil and we are in the arena of capabilities. The three branches of our country are far more successful than ever before.
This event is a source of attention to the countries that are using the nuclear system of the arrogant powers whose lives are
He has been a source of attention to the 13th of Armed Forces, but the Islamic Republic of Iran is based on the blessings that have been discovered in the past 14 years. This is
What do the arrogant powers want?
They want this country to be like a government and a system that will become like a government in the hands of the regional countries. They want this country, but they will not make a problem in the hands of America. But the
If the country is in the country, the government and the national government is prepared to stand up against the security of the country, and it is not
The people who think that if we are fighting the nuclear issue, America will bring the end of our negotiations, they have
The problem is not the issue of nuclear problems.
There are countries that have nuclear weapons, but they do not care about them.
Therefore, it is not the issue of nuclear weapons, nor the issue of human rights.
The problem is the Islamic Republic, and it stands up like a lion.
If the Islamic Republic is like certain parts of the regional countries, it is not difficult for them.
The issue is the kind of self-confidence of the arrogant powers. This is why they are opposed to the Iranian nation.
Of course the Americans are wrong.
It is wrong to think that in order to fight against the Islamic Republic, they can fight against the Islamic Republic.
The West do not allow their nations to identify the natural disasters in the arena of great blessings.
They do not want the nations to know what they are waiting about the issue of economy. They do not want to tell the people of these things.
They think that they will not be able to increase their activities.
I would like to announce you dear brothers and sisters, you dear brothers and sisters, and you dear people, that America and all those kinds of embodiments have been made after the war. Today they are in pain.
I would not like to introduce mercenaries or some of them, but I would not like two calculations.
This is the result of the presence of the American President.
What does it mean?
I would like to change this situation.
If the people enter the arena in the arena of the country, they do not want to vote it. If the people in the arena of prejudice, they are not prepared to do what is wrong, but they do not
The effect of this phenomenon took place in the society, which shows that we have acted in a way. The situation of the Americans stood up as the people of America proves to be extremely dangerous, and
Therefore, there is no doubt that there is a very difficult situation.
I would not like to say this, the Americans would have said that the conditions that they are suffering.
This is to say, it is enough to create the ground for the country.
Did he manage to change this wrong situation?
This lack of vigilance or
This is a great problem for a country.
This is the situation of the politicians: which are forced to
In the countries of Islam, in North Africa, the Americans were poured out in their eyes.
Unfortunately, the movement of Street has been made in the Americans.
Is this a good situation?
Therefore, America is in a very difficult situation.
It was a threat to the Americans.
I would like to tell us that we will not have nuclear weapons, but we will not stand up against any enemy in order to
The Holy Quran promises us: "The Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran says that they will not receive assistance."
By Allah's favor, you will not receive deliverance from the path of God (s.w.a.
Unfortunately, the Holy Quran and the Holy Quran (s.w.a.) said that if you start a war, you will succeed in defeat, you will be defeated and defeated.
He promised that whenever the enemies started to attack you, they would not be defeated.
This should not happen to the beginning of Islam. No, " Allah's favor will not be taken away from the front of the Armed Forces"" [The Holy
The Iranian nation has made a lot of progress, and it does not mean attacking the battlefields, but it is accompanied by the love of Islam, Islam, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic, the Islamic Republic of Islam and its power.
That is to say, you are making use of domestic products, and you are supporting the labor of the Iranian nation, and you
This unfortunately, which is wrong - which can happen to certain parts of our nation - is used to harm our world.
Each of us is responsible. We should support our domestic products.
Therefore, the officials have an intelligence in their hands, and they can use this in strengthening the domestic products.
The same is true of society - whether those who are active in the arena of work - should spend more time in order to work.
You should be interested in domestic products.
We are not proud of our foreign products and in our homes, in our country and in our daily needs and innovations.
I have heard that some of the productions that have been established in certain cities in the country, and they should go to the symbols of foreign products and return to them.
If they were sold, they would not want them, but they were in charge of the French company and they would buy the same thing.
This is a very important point.
In the arena of production and capacities, the most successful part of the people is in the arena of management, which is part of the management of the past two decades called the Iranian nation to him and another aspect of the economic and economic matters that I have spoken during the past century. This is very important.
Dear brothers and sisters throughout the country, we need self-confidence.
There are many things that create discord and discord.
Sometimes the idea that the two people look at the scene is different. But this does not
On one occasion, this person may have a different opinion, and it should not create discord with discord.
The Holy Quran reads: "We do not fight against you, but the wind will go to your souls." If we take
The kind of power that our enemies have experienced in the past, the result of discord between us.
The Leader of the Age (a.s.) teaches us: "We is the truth, but they are not wrong."
It is necessary to identify the Islamic Republic, but it is wrong.
It is different from the kind of person who is opposed to the Islamic Republic and is opposed to the Islamic Republic.
This is to say, to speak with each other. Unfortunately, it is necessary to say that the recent media and they have made the people speak about each other.
The main point is that we should feel that we should promote morality and morality.
However, this word should not be applied to the people, but it is necessary to say that our youth should not be vigilant.
I would like to congratulate all the dear youth of the country, our youth, our youth, our youth, and I would like to support the Islamic Revolution and
Everybody should respect the law.
The Islamic Revolution is one of the Islamic Republic.
The same is true of the officials of Iran.
The government honors the Assembly of Experts and the Assembly of Experts and the Council of Experts, which shows honor and respect for the government, and they should cooperate with one another.
This does not mean that all of them should think and think. It does not
I hope that the year 1391 will be one of the full-time servants of the 13th of the year.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings and blessings on our dear youth, and on our dear people.
Dear God, punish the enemies of this nation.
Dear God, make the heart of the Imam of the Age (s.w.a.) and make our prayers available.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2013 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the people of Ridha (a.s.s.) in the first year 1317.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds.
Greetings be upon Siddier Mr. Satima (s.w.a.), the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) household and children.
I would like to congratulate all dear brothers and sisters who have attended this great meeting.
I hope Allah the Exalted will prepare our hearts and tongue to his approval.
This is a good reason for me that each year, during the time of Norouz, I would like to have a nation, and I would like to have a lot of time on the issue of the country, and we will look at the future.
Our dear brothers and sisters should know that we are not looking at the things that we have seen and do not at all.
There are certain nations who benefit from the skills that have received. They look at the conditions of the Iranian nation, and they
If we manage to achieve victory, they feel that they are successful and if they are at the economy.
And there are certain people in the world who are looking at our activities, but they will be discorded.
They hope for the Iranian nation.
They are far stronger than ever before.
The Islamic Revolution approached its hands.
Therefore, they are opposed to the Revolution.
Therefore, we are looking at a large number of humanity.
Therefore, when we take a look at the things behind and in the future, our view should be clear and firm.
Some of our people were looking at the scene, but they did not go to the front lines.
They do not see what they are doing in the country and in certain areas and pressures of the enemy.
I have different opinions.
When I look at the conditions and conditions of our nation, I think that there are a lot of challenges, the Iranian nation managed to achieve victory in this regard despite the enemies.
There are certain problems and problems that exist in the country. There are certain people in the world who are active in the world who are working at the athletes of the country.
In addition to making the efforts of the Americans, a lady in charge said that we want to make the Islamic Republic academi
They say this. I will explain what they did and what they did and what they did.
Therefore, there are other aspects of the machinations of the enemies in this arena of the confrontation of the Iranian nation on the other hand, and there is a lot of great achievements that the Iranian nation can have in mind.
When a person looks at the scene, it is like sports that are being done in the arena of talent, but it is only a short time to remove the victory, and the other people should listen to him.
This great event is in front of our eyes.
Anyone who looks at the right direction and good research will hear the Iranian nation, just as we have heard from the countries of the world, including those countries who are opposed to you and who are opposed to the Iranian nation.
There are politicians, the officials and the people who know where the world are moving ahead.
It is necessary to pay attention to all the efforts that have been made throughout the country and what the results will be achieved.
Who are these people?
Later, I would like to shed light on this issue.
The unfortunately the Iranian nation's progress in all arenas and they have the two branches. The first point is that they can do what they can to see the Iranian nation do not achieve such progress.
They should do this in a way of threatening and threatening government officials and certain certain other areas to remove the thoughts and actions of the Iranian nation. They will prevent them from doing good
The American President, Ayatollah Khamenei referred to the problems of Iran.
He said that the value of the Iranian nation, there are economic problems in this regard.
However, we have not mentioned the good things that have been done in the country and the great achievements that the Iranian nation have made. We have been faced with these challenges - which I
This year 1391 is one of the many years that our enemies have been defeated by their immaculate activities.
They tell us that we want to congratulate the Iranian nation through the
Therefore, if the Islamic Republic stands firm, it will be in the economy and make progress, it will be lost.
Therefore, if they can, they do not let themselves. If they are not able to do so, they are not able to do so.
Today these two things are not compared with the hands of a child, and they are trying to prevent the efforts, pressure, and other things, they can promote propaganda and promote friendships.
We said that there is a enemies.
Who are these enemies?
I am the main centers of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
The answer to this question is not difficult.
Today the hearts and the hearts of the Iranian nation have come towards the US government.
The American officials should know that for the past 30 years, the Iranian nation has seen certain things that they have mentioned in the name of your youth and their hearts toward the United States.
This is a very important point that every government wants to live in the world should pay attention to this issue.
They are the centers of these enemies and their enmity.
They are different from the enemies, but we do not see them as the enemies of the beginning.
The Zionists are the enemies, but the Zionist regime is not the same as the enemies of the Iranian nation.
Sometimes the officials of the country are threatening to bring us threats, but they do not know that if they do not know, they will not know that they will deploy them against us, but they will be threatening the enemies of the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic.
The Islamic government is opposed to the Iranian nation.
England is one of the enemies of the Iranian nation.
It is not possible to congratulate itself.
There are certain governments who show monotheism.
I would like to tell you that in the past, the US government officials are saying their enmity towards the Iranian nation.
A wise person, especially the politicians who know what to do should not make a person who is not like his orientation.
We have no problem with government, France, and we have no problem with them during this time. But the corrupt and unfortunately the Iranian nation is from the time of the Navy, the
This is a mistake, and it is wrong to think and benefit from it.
When the Americans speak, the Americans say that they are independent of the world, they have named certain non-Muslims in the world, those who are the Americans, their Zionists and other governments.
Fortunately, the world of Iran and the Iranian nation is not indifferent. We are now trying to look at the year 1391 and we should know that the Americans are making their new plots.
Since the beginning of the year 1391 they started to deploy the sanctions against the Iranian nation, the sanctions and sanctions, the sanctions of the Islamic Republic and other countries - have made many efforts in this regard.
They are opposed to the enemies, but they hope that the Iranian nation will not know that they are the enemies and they are opposed to them.
During the past few years, the Imam Ali (a.s.) said that you should not be vigilant in the face of a nation, but you want to be friendly, but you do not
The Americans who would like to speak with the people of the world and go to these countries and speak with the leaders in order to discuss economic matters with the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic of Iran.
They should be careful about the relationship between the Islamic Republic and the Islamic Republic.
They started this responsibility since the beginning of 1391, especially from Mordad, where they persecuted.
I said, "We months ago, the Americans express their feelings and say that the sanctions have not been affected by the sanctions, but if they want to make them happy, they
Our capacities have faced the problem that it depends on oil.
We should separate our responsibilities with self-confidence and self-confidence. We should
Over the past 12 years, I told the government that they should make a system of things when we are going to cover the economy.
At that time, some people who call themselves to themselves and laugh at the same time say that they are very good?
Unfortunately, it is necessary to do something and guardian.
Whenever a country fails to take a special step, the enemy will fail to do this.
The sanctions have influenced, but they are not influenced by the enemies.
I would like to explain these things. This is the issue of economy. I would like to discuss the issue of economy. I would like to explain the issue of economy.
They should take a look at the Islamic Republic. They should not allow the Islamic Republic to influence the Islamic Republic and its political conflicts in this regard. They have been defeated in this regard.
The discord of what they hope is
For example, the two parts of the world are in charge of innovations. The presidents of the Islamic seminarians of Iran have attended the Assembly of Qa'ati.
All of them have been the honorable people of Iran.
They tell us this and they have discussed the messages that they have discussed in
That is to say, the enemies of the Iranian nation hope.
They have been influenced.
And in the arena of domestic countries, their goal is to keep your eyes on the hearts of the Iranian nation. They create discord between the Islamic Republic and they
On the 22th of Bahman, the Iranian nation gave them a lot of things in the way they did and showed their love for the Islamic system and the Revolution.
In the arena of security, they have made all of the things that can affect the health of the country, which government officials have played a role in the media.
In the regional arenas and they try to bring an end to the influence of the Islamic Republic.
In the regional areas, they have proved that there is no problem with the regional issues that cannot be solved with the presence of Iran
The same is true of the Zionist regime and the Zionist regime in the arena of
They said that they did not say that if the presence of the Islamic Republic, the Palestinians of Palestinians were not able to stand up against the front lines of the country.
Therefore, during the eight days of Palestinians, they have managed to fight against the Zionist regime.
I said that they are not trying to influence them.
That is to say, the sanctions of the Iranian nation and the capacities that have made great achievements. If they are not restrictive, they do not happen.
Our youth have managed to achieve success in order to unfortunately, and we have not managed to achieve these achievements. In the arena of management, which I will discuss the year 1391, we have made progress compared with the past, 1391.
In the arena of progress, in the arena of management, in the arena of management and innovations, innovations, innovations and innovations, innovations, innovations and innovations, innovations, innovations, and other important areas.
We have made a lot of progress in scientific areas in the year 1391
In scientific arenas, in the past, there are many good deeds that will be a source of joy for the people who believe in the future of the Iranian nation.
This is the year when they want to welcome the Iranian nation, but he will see us and our dear youth in the year when Nahidd, the creation of the universe is sent to the world of Islam and the world of Pemm
When the creation was transferred to heaven, he returned to his life in health, and early scholars in the world showed this in awe-inspiring way for them.
But after the truth, they saw that they did not have any means to believe in it.
In the arena of health and medical ceremonies, there are great achievements that have interaction with the health of the people.
In the arena of knowledge, we have been in the region.
There are great achievements, and they have management.
All these things have been done in this year during which the Iranian nation is forbidden to live a good and management.
In this year, we have been the first step in different areas of knowledge.
In the arena of knowledge, the country has made more progress in the past.
During the year 1391, the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps was a source of economy.
That is to say, the number of our officials and our students who entered the arena of the university in the past year.
This is a great achievement of the Iranian nation.
In the arena of water, in the arena of creation, in the arena of nuclear ceremonies, the country is a source of great achievements.
All these things have been experienced during the year of the enemies of the Iranian nation, all of them can see that the Iranian nation is moving towards the Iranian nation.
There are valuable lessons in the 1391 and this lesson is that every nation that is alive and the pressures of the enemies will not be ignored.
It shows us and all those who are looking at the things that are important for a nation, the reliance on God, reliance on Allah the Exalted, and reliance on the enemies.
This is what will be done.
The 1391 is another source of trials.
We should identify our weakness. This is the characteristic of our weakness.
During the Sacred Defense Era, the Armed Forces realized the depth of their power, and they managed to resolve it.
We should identify our weakness.
And this weakness is based on self-confidence and self-confidence - which I later
The officials - the officials, the officials, the officials, the officials, the government officials, and the officials, especially the future government officials - should pay attention to this year.
One important point is that the foundation of the country is a source of power.
When the enemy is strong, it will not be a source of power.
If the honorable officials and such a great country know what they are doing, they will make the most of their efforts, and they will be able to move toward another country, just as we threaten the enemy to make many progress.
By Allah's favor, government officials and the Iranian nation have acted in the year 1391.
The economy of economy is a very important and important
Therefore, if knowledge progress fails, all other things will come back then.
The importance of dignity and dignity are important, not innovation and innovations, but innovations and innovations in a society and in another country are a source of security and security.
In all these areas, we have made progress.
In the arena of security or in the arena of health, there are some problems in the country.
By such progress, our nation has proved that there is no danger in the United States. This is very important.
And today the Americans want to show people of the world that you want to make progress and make progress.
The Iranian nation proved this.
Our nation proves that the lack of self-confidence in America and other countries does not only bring about progress.
There are such countries that are committed to America.
We have a lot of capacities for the past 30 years and
Anyone who makes this point will realize that the lack of self-confidence of the countries of the world is an opportunity for a nation, not threat.
Thankfully, the Iranian nation is blessed with its power and knowledge.
We used to do this at a time and we witnessed his victory.
For example, the issue of nuclear nuclear nuclear nuclear negotiations is one of the most important elements in the country.
This innovation needs 20 percent, which we do not have access to our basijis.
They have managed to establish the interests of the Islamic Republic and their needs.
The same is true of our youth and our youth who have managed to buy 20 percent in order to do what is necessary.
Our enemies did not expect this.
However, when our government officials realized this need, they were encouraged to protect the Iranian nation and manage to achieve this victory.
When they think about the Islamic Republic, they will come towards you and they will not allow them to discord, the Islamic Republic has announced that we have managed to do this.
If our youth and our youth fail to do these things, we have slaped with the costs of those who are opposed to our country, we should pay attention to the needs and needs of the people.
The Iranian nation discovered this, and they did what they should.
Therefore, we should be successful in this regard. It is necessary to establish a government in all areas that are related to the country.
The branches that will be written in this regard. If they are researched in this regard, they
If they engage in scientific activities, all of them should be in this regard.
The most important factor is to make efforts in order to build the country in a way that cannot be affected by the evil influence of the enemy.
We should preserve it. This is one of the
In the economy of resistance, one of the important and important groups is the source of economic capabilities for any threat.
The economy is necessary to be a threat. It is necessary to be a source of threat
This is the first point that I should make.
The second point is that the Americans are making use of different methods and say that they are sending us to the issue of nuclear orders.
The officials and the American branches tell us that they have come to the front lines of the nuclear issue, the United States, and the Islamic Republic of Iran should sit at the security of the nuclear negotiations.
Why?
Therefore, our experience shows that we are not discussed in order to identify the right path. This does not mean what they are doing.
What they want to discuss is to say, we should sit in order to discuss what we have
Therefore, we have always announced that this is not a matter.
I do not have any hope for these things, but I do not stop it.
There are certain issues that should be done.
The first point is that America is repeatedly sending us to us. Sometimes they send it to us, telling us that they are not the will of Islam.
Our answer is that we are not concerned about the will of the Islamic system or not at all, but you do not want to change this Islamic system.
When you are willing to submit to the Islamic Republic, you will not do anything in the future.
The second point is that America is sending us a lot of information in the matter.
That is to say, we really want to talk to you and speak appropriately.
I would like to tell them that we have not used to say that we are not going to do the will of our country.
What should we believe in what you say?
When you are not prepared to accept the truth, we will have reason to believe in what you are doing in different cases.
Our awareness of the counsel that the Americans introduce, a monotheism and adhering to the people, the people of our country and our country.
It is necessary to prove that it is not
Can you prove?
I would like to congratulate all of them.
This is a propaganda, and it is a lie.
The Leader's Speech took place in a meeting with them.
The third point is that what we know, the results of our capacities and the fields that we have done is that America is not interested in the end of the nuclear issue.
The Americans do not want to discuss the nuclear issue and solve these problems. If they want to bring about its end and solve the problem, it is the way to resolve the issue.
The issue of nuclear weapons is the only world to appreciate the responsibility of the Islamic Republic.
The production that arenas and power of the world acknowledge that the Iranian nation has the responsibility of establishing peace in the country and
This is a great hope. This is what we have always said.
They tell us that we are concerned that you are going to the nuclear path.
They call themselves to the name of the world in general.
They say that they are independent of the world.
No, the countries of the world are not concerned.
For many parts of the world support the Islamic Republic and our needs, they have done this in order to benefit the Iranian nation.
They should appreciate the responsibility of the Iranian nation, and they can take care of the Islamic Republic.
When we are close to resolve the issue, the Americans will make you feel that they will be able to resolve the issue.
They are trying to realize that they are trying to achieve a lot of pressures.
These are the pressures of our country, and they will not congratulate the people of Iran.
I would like to introduce them to this issue. I would tell you that if the Americans wanted to bring an end to this issue, I would
This is the way: America will bring about the end of their enmity towards the Islamic Republic and the Iranian nation.
If they want to bring about the problems between us - just as they say we want to have no problem between Iran and America - they will bring us to the end of their enmity.
Over the past 30 years of the United States, the result of the clear understanding of the Iranian nation and they have managed to organize the oppressors of the Iranian nation.
Since the first year of the victory of the Revolution and the establishment of the Islamic Republic, they show our enmity.
In the arena of security, they are prepared for security. They have managed to fight against our country, and they have supported the enemies of our country for years. They
Therefore, I would like to address America's officials. If they are looking for the right path, the right path is the right path.
There are different sectarians, which should be mentioned in different areas.
In our country, it is a symbol of politicians.
Dear God, it is a symbol of politicians. It is a symbol of the firmness of the Islamic Republic. The Islamic Republic is one of the people in the Islamic Republic of Islam is one of the
It is the symbol of national production, the symbol of the Islamic democracy.
Therefore, it is necessary to create the enemies of the Iranian nation on a daily basis.
They have managed to prevent the people from harming them, killing them and
During the past years, we have made the appointment of the Council - the champion of the Armed Forces - and the enemies have always tried to deploy our enemies to see the sanctions. This is because of the importance of the sanctions of the country.
Let me tell a few months.
But now I will discuss certain things.
First of all, the first point is that the issue is that the issue of their publicity and their commitment during the Sacred Defense Era is very important.
The presence of the people during that time can deploy the threats of the enemies.
Our nation should know wherever they are in the country, and their great movement will affect the future of the country.
This is the first point. By Allah's favor,
The second point is that all kinds of denominations and statements that they believe in the Islamic Republic should enter in this regard.
This is the responsibility of everybody, and this is a responsibility.
Unfortunately, it is not an independent spirit.
All those who believe in the Islamic Republic and those who believe in the Islamic Republic and tread the future of the country and they should make progress in this regard.
This is to say, it is appropriate for those who are opposed to this system.
The third point is that the opinion of the people is the result of the sanctions.
You should make research with the people whom you believe so that you can identify a better person.
I do not have a lot of time.
I would like to congratulate all the people, and I would like to say, and they would not have been able to do anything else.
It is a continuation of the people who are looking at the basijis, and they
If someone said this, it is not wrong.
In these days, the media that have been published in the media - such as the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.), the Holy Prophet's (r.w.a.) and other such media.
It is a person who has done thousands of things.
I have been reported that it is a congratulate in the days of Zahra (r.a.)
You should not pay attention to these things.
Nobody or political democracy can create the minds of other people in the country - but there is no problem with them.
They can make decisions and assistance in order to identify the best possible person.
It is the standard for society.
The champion is that innovations that are not based on unbearable principles, everybody should be indifferent.
The 1388th of the year (2988) - which is opposed to the country - is a source of honor for the people. They
It is wrong to think about what I want, but it is necessary to appreciate it.
It is necessary to appreciate what is more than a nation.
This is to say, it is necessary to use
We should call people to the streets because what happened to us - just as the year 1388 - is one of the potentials that can be lost.
This is a lesson for the Iranian nation and the Iranian nation to stand up against
The first point is that everybody should know that what we need is the right thing to be able to do without physical weakness.
Everybody should know that each of the present system of things should be good for the things that the Leader of the country is moving towards them, but they
Everybody is in the arena of power and weakness.
The leaders of the country - whether the future or the future - have a source of power and weakness.
The commander should have what is being done today as the most important part of the government and the president of the country.
That is to say, we have to do what we have to go, and those who are moving towards one another should move towards progress.
Those who are prepared to enter this arena, they must enter the arena with reliance on God and rely on the power of the Iranian nation.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on the people.
Dear God, make the economy of Eid al-Mustal happy with all of us.
Dear God, make the souls of our magnanimous Imam Khomeini and our martyrs happy.
Dear God, bestow Your blessings on you and your path.
Leader’s Speech to Defendence - Khamenei.ir The Leader of the Islamic Revolution - Khamenei.ir The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 17, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Republic
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
First of all, I would like to congratulate our dear brothers and sisters in different parts of the country.
On the other hand, our meetings are a symbol of the importance of the system of things, which shows the importance of this system and our country.
We want to find a day during the days of Ralul and management in the economic affairs of the government and other parts of the country - and we should pay attention to the needs of the officials and other people. We should pay attention to what they are doing and what they are doing in order to
This is the first point, and it will be announced in this meeting.
This is a very important point. The officials are the officials in the arena of economic matters. The officials are
The second point which is prepared for the Assembly, is the result of the officials in charge of the country, the issue of Awakening on the scene, the issue of Awakening on the scene, the issue of Awakening in the country and the movement towards the people.
I would not say, I would not always speak about the progress which is made. Everybody knows what they are doing and I believe that it is necessary to express their determination, but they should always take care of them.
I would like to tell you that I would like to have relations with people.
The same is true of the things that I have written in different parts of the world - which I have written in different parts of the world, and they will be prepared for their prayers.
This is a source of great achievements in the country, and this is a source of pride for the Iranian nation.
The progress of the Iranian nation.
We have made a lot of progress in order to prepare for production, in the arena, in the field services, industry, and other areas that we have mentioned in this regard.
This is a good thing to hear this from the officials of different parts of the government. This is a source of happiness and happiness for the people.
All of us should know that today the path of the enemies of the Iranian nation is the killing of the people.
This is to say, it is necessary to avoid hope and determination.
It is necessary to feel that we have a lot of progress.
The first thing is that we have named the year 1390 during the year 1390 (a.s.) the name of
The arrogant powers are the danger of the Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic in the arena of economic matters.
However, they have not been influenced by nuclear negotiations.
You can remember, when they set a high sanctions, it is the beginning of the country, when there are no nuclear negotiations.
Of course, it is not important, but now the name of sanctions, which is more familiar with the name of "Doma"" - which is the name of the American branches - is one of the most important branches of the American branches
The goal of sanctions is to promote economic capabilities.
Therefore, it is proud that the two years of the Iranian nation have endured the sanctions.
Of course in the past, the result of the sanctions have been made in the past, but the result of the efforts of the management of the country in which they have not been prepared for the past 30 years, and they have become like sanctions.
Therefore, it is necessary to be prepared. It is necessary to identify our opponents, to identify the weapons and management of the Armed Forces.
This is certainly necessary.
They are not all involved in the name of heardhad.
Another movement is spoken of innovation.
You are faced with a lot of self-confidence, and it is one of the main
Such a movement is heard.
Therefore, the economy of economy means the movement that is being done in the face of vigilance of the Iranian nation and the goal of killing the enemies.
Another point is that we are prepared to make progress - which is very important for progress and progress - we have prepared a country for the most important areas of life.
Even other nations will not sit at our first place. They are trying to make efforts.
Of course we do not use certain methods, but we do not use them.
Therefore, this issue needs feelings.
This effort should be made and it is necessary to think so that we can reach the first position.
The first point is not to say, but we will not achieve the first position. No, because the Iranian nation depends on this issue.
If a country is in the arena of economic areas, in the arena of knowledge, in the arena of production does not guarantee the needs and progress of progress, it will be a source of oppression.
We do not want to be done.
Two years of our country is faced with oppression.
The enemies of the world and the machinations of the enemies have made a reason for this oppression.
Since the beginning of Britain, England, they used to stand up in the political and political systems of the country, and they were very close to the countries that had made up for the past.
The Palestinians of England entered the country - which came from India - in the hands of the Palestinian Guards Corps and the Palestinian government - from the Palestinian regime - from the Palestinian city of Bademor.
Both the sons of the king, the Armed Forces, and they turned their attention to this man. The enemies of the Armed Forces from that country.
We do not want this to happen.
The Islamic unity has built a wall in front of them.
We want this wall to be a source of power.
We should not allow them to be a source of self-confidence in our economy and in our culture and in our country.
One of the main foundations of the house is the economy.
This is why we say it is necessary to be vigilant.
It is not to say that Iran should be the first step in this region. It is not necessary to
Therefore, it is necessary to take action and try to avoid vigilance in the heart, which should be done in this regard.
We heard this and we saw this in the face of the country during the Revolution.
What happened in the arena of the country before the victory of the Islamic Revolution, nobody believes that this will happen.
The same is true of the events that exist in different parts of the country. The same is true of the events that happen in different parts of the country.
I would like to express my thoughts on different parts of the country, and I would like to say that I would like to discuss different parts of the country and our youth would not reveal themselves to them.
This is a very important issue.
Our capacities are very important.
Sometimes I said that if we are compared to the blessings of our country, our nation will be like the people of the world.
The people of the country are valuable in the world, just as the people of the world are in the world, just as we use monotheism in all parts of the world. Therefore, we should find ourselves in the world, but there are
These are important and important areas.
That is to say, it is necessary to address the issue of arrogance in the country.
Therefore, in the real sense of the country is a great blessing.
The same is true of our region.
We are a source of importance.
We are among the most important part of the region.
All these things are good for us.
Today, we have been vigilant in the past 20 years.
This is the beginning of five years.
In many years, many activities have been done.
The same is true of the important things, but there are certain things that are not done and they should be done.
The champion that has been made in the arena of production, political, political, and international government officials - which have been announced in the arena of management - all of them are in line with one another.
If we manage these things, we can benefit from the blessings that are considered in the face of the Holy Prophet's (s.w.a.)
These arenas that can create a self-confidence and achieve economic movement.
Of course, some of the goals that have been prepared for years have not been thwarted, but they have managed to stop it.
The same is true of the 13th of Armenians, innovations, innovations, innovations, and innovations - which I referred to - all of these things were not.
This is what I have done for five years.
On the issue of this law, we should study in the arena of government officials and innovations.
In a country, the goal of creating economic economy is filled with artists and capacities in the arena of economic matters.
They considered that they were familiar with the needs of the five years during the year 16, each year.
This is necessary.
In the arena of the champion of the champion of the tenth of the law, we do not have to do good things. The issue is not just a source of economy, but
There are always good deeds.
For many years, I spoke about the issue of economy and economy towards economy.
When I introduce this issue, some of them come to me and say that they are often involved in the issue of econom
I would like to say that they would like to congratulate them.
If anybody wants to receive a meal and decides to do what is acceptable, it is necessary to realize that the government will not be based on the lawyers, it is necessary to strengthen it.
We are opposed to government officials and management and management. We should stand up against those who have managed to fight against the wrong paths.
Fortunately, all of us are in charge of economic capacities and government officials in this regard.
They heard the points that they used to say - whether they spoke about the good things that they used to say or what they had to say, I would like to you, and you should reflect on them.
We should not let the things that have been said to us.
Of course, Mr. Qara'li said that it is not wrong to say what they are doing.
If this decision is observed, it is necessary to think that these are good advice which can be studied since the beginning. There are many things that I would like to discuss in this meeting
First of all, the issue of management is the source of economic capacities.
Contrary to the interests of the government and government officials should pay attention to the needs of daily production and intelligences in this regard. It is necessary to pay attention to the needs and
Of course some of the officials whom we have spoken, they did not need this 30 percent.
This is the case in certain areas, but it
We should benefit from this.
However, the marketplaces and businessmen have a duty in this regard: they are
Some of the officials of the government gave me this opportunity to say that some of the people who were not used to do something that would not be done in the country.
This is necessary to pay attention to this issue.
Of course it is necessary to address the interests of the government in this regard.
It is not necessary to identify the people who were mentioned in different parts of the world, but it
It is necessary to face this issue with all self-confidence.
The next point is the issue of production.
Nobody is opposed to production, but it is necessary to enter the production.
We should not allow any time to happen. As long as the Eid al-Kubra (a.s.) was missed in market, and it was not a great reason for us to increase the standard of production.
It is necessary to pay attention to domestic products.
Of course it is said that making a lot of money will help the domestic products. If there are not academic products, they will not benefit from domestic products.
I do not think this is a source of power.
The issue of production, especially the issue of production and production, especially the issue of entering the fields, is one of the needs of the heavens and what a person sees before.
In the fields, we have good
One of the teachers presented a report on the capacities of the fields of capacities.
We should stand up in this regard.
We should increase our production.
We should pay attention to these products and capacities because the world has not seen the things that are being done in Iran. We do not participate in such countries as Latin and America.
The next point is the issue of production.
The government has a duty to help those who have management.
Fortunately, one of the brothers and sisters referred to this point is that the production that we have not managed to grow in the future will increase. We hope that we will be
We should adopt the position we can make in order to enter the arena of oil.
One of the great capacities that are faced with our economic capabilities and all the resources of the country is the reliance on entering the arena of oil.
During the past years, I said - although the officials were not at the time of the government - we should manage to adopt the position of political, economic, economic and economic capabilities in the world.
You will see what is happening in the world.
Today we cannot do these things.
The Iranian nation and the Islamic Republic will have a powerful influence on the world.
We should do this. This is necessary to support and support.
In this regard, they have a duty to carry out their duties and officials. They have been mentioned in this regard as many countries that we can take advantage of these countries, and we have experienced similar to the evil innovations that they have
There are many times in the world who have been working for 50 years, selling and selling them to those who arenas.
For example, a company of Germany or Swiss is very valuable for 50 years. They are selling production and selling them, and they have
Why?
It is necessary to pay attention to these things.
This requires a culture, culture and production in order to benefit from domestic products.
The issue of economy is very important.
If a person fails to achieve an independent government, he will not manage to achieve economic capabilities.
Therefore, government officials have a responsibility in order to prevent the movement of the economic system.
For example, when you know that a disease is committed to you, you will not show mercy and sympathy.
The economy of economy is the same.
If there are some parts of the government, you hear or see a sign of economy - I speak with government officials, you should not do the same.
It is necessary to pay attention to economic capacities.
One of the things is to prepare the front lines for the future.
I would like to have a perfect standard in the arena of monotheism.
One of the brothers referred to this point is that there can be use of different kinds of phenomenons and other areas, but this is the best way to do.
The main point is that we should pay attention to the issue of re-appearance in the country.
That is to say, it is necessary to identify areas where there are many opportunities, and everybody should not benefit from it.
They will be able to do good.
It is necessary to discuss all of them.
It is necessary to say that it is clear. Of course in the recent governments, there are many things that have not been done.
It is necessary to increase in this regard.
There are certain things that I have written, but they will be able to do so.
I hope that Allah's favor will increase the quality of the people who are interested in the country, the Islamic Republic, and the future of this nation will increase their
This is the full text of the work that we have introduced in the past, and it is necessary to see the issue of economy.
We hope everybody will be more determined.
This country is a good future.
Thankfully, there are good hearts and faith and determination in this country.
This country has a lot of opportunities in which there are more opportunities to call the glorious name of the second country in the world.
During our history, like the culture and culture, the power of the people and the blessedness of all these things are the things that they represent.
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on March 13, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution on March 21, 2011 in a meeting with Imam Mahdha (a.s.) in the early days of Mashshsh during the year 1390, 2011.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise is due to Allah, the Exalted and the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) be upon our Master and Prophet (s.w.a.) and upon his immaculate household, and upon his immaculate and upon his immammaculate household and upon his immaculate sons, especially the Holy Prophet (s.a.).
I would like to thank Allah the Exalted who has given me so long, and I would like to appreciate the identity of the blessedness of the great Imam Ali (may our souls be sacrificed for his sake).
I would like to congratulate the congratulates of the Norouz and I would like to congratulate all the brothers and sisters who were gathered in this meeting.
This is a very important example of the Iranian nation. In this day, our dear people from different parts of the Armed Forces have gathered at the auspicious athletes of
There are brothers and sisters in Mashhad who are present in this regard.
I would like to congratulate everybody and all of them.
The Leader of the Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps - Khamenei.ir
The Islamic Ummah is making efforts to benefit from all the opportunities that have been made and through life in order to make progress in the world, in order to make progress and intensified by the Iranian nation, and we can use this opportunity to
We should make ourselves known as the great goal of Islam.
In these days, it is an opportunity to cooperate with Allah the Exalted to listen to the good words of others and to come to the places of religion.
The same is true of the past during the establishment of the Islamic Republic, and our nation used this festival to draw close to Allah the Exalted.
This is to say, if you take a look at the beginning of the new year, you will see that the number of people are present in the arena of godly devotion, where they have visited and pray to God.
This means that the Iranian nation are trying to benefit from this figurative and cultural monotheism.
We should imitate this example in all areas, and we should use Norouz to increase our knowledge and spirituality.
I hope Allah the Exalted will reward all of us, and all the Iranian nation will be successful in this regard.
That is to say, I will speak about three issues.
The first point is related to the events that have been done in the year 1389 and in order to see that the year 1389 are some things that the Iranian nation and officials have done and do not have two ways to do.
The third point is related to the events that are happening in the region. The events that happen in North Africa and the events that are happening in the region and the events that happen in the region of Islam, considering the efforts of the enemies of Islam and the enemies of the
First of all, I can say that the name which was given to 1389 - is the name of Mr. Qara'ati and Labor - is noted for the year, and the people of our country are filled with enthusiasm and enthusiasm.
Of course the results of the great labor, labor and management will be achieved in the future, but they can be vigilant in the face of the 1388 and the role of the officials and the efforts of the country and the people with their officials and with the help of their officials, and their efforts are clearly manifested in this regard.
This can be considered in many areas.
Let us start the issue of knowledge and technology.
At the beginning of the year 1389 - I managed to visit and visit a group of prominent scholars in the country - and at the end of the year 138, I have received the opportunity to visit the fitnas of knowledge, scientific and scientific activities as well as the result of my economy.
The progress that has been made in scientific arenas and technology in the country is not far more than the people say, but they will
Since the beginning of the great movement of knowledge in different arenas, which is a source of joy is that there is every day.
Sometimes I would like to congratulate the water that was poured out on a Shiami (a.s.), I said, "We is the government, knowledge, knowledge, and knowledge, power to create a nation and a nation."
The knowledge and artists have such a characteristic.
Today the movement of the country is in line with knowledge and art, especially innovations.
In different parts of the world, in the arena of knowledge, in the arenas of the heavens, in the arena of Nanono and in the arena of human technology, in the arena of domestic production and innovations, in the arena of
As I said in the introduction of Nurouz on the night of a number of other research organizations, they said that in the arena of the country is more effective than in the world, and the
There are two important points in this regard.
The first point is that many of the things that they have done in this arena.
For the past 30 years, many of them are the best of their youth - which is necessary to rely on these youth. Abbassademicses of faith in the arena of action, which is necessary to benefit from these youth.
The next point is that those who are working for these great deeds are the people who have a strong spirit and reliance on themselves.
This is what our country has.
Our youth are moving forward in the arena of labor, and they believe that all these things are the sources of progress in the country.
The progressive progress of knowledge is that knowledge, artistic, scientific and selling knowledge - which is very important - is an important point.
That is to say, it is necessary to introduce knowledge to a technology, and it is necessary to prepare the materially for the world.
This leads to scientific progress towards material and economic resources.
Our dear people should know that the economic capacities - whether those whose view of economic matters are committed to the government, or those who are in charge of the Islamic Republic - should pay attention to the interests of the Islamic Republic.
This is a very difficult situation.
Thankfully, this action has already begun.
And the unity of the government and the people in this regard is very good.
The movement of the people in this regard is very effective.
The important factor in this regard is to separate the people from the kind of government.
This is a great achievement.
Another goal is to establish national interests.
Two years ago, we have named the year of "Shenonomena for the sake of Use of the Defense Plans.
This is one of the ways that we can manage to improve our country's capacities in the arena of realities.
During the past months, the plans of the government have been placed on the ground and the use of sanctions
The same is true of bullying and democracy - which is being poured out on the ground - which is a great blessing and divine blessings - is very short.
This is one of the things that have been done and with God's grace in the future. This is the
The same is true of the work that shows the motivation of labor in the arena of economic capacities.
Unfortunately, the monotheism of our country depends on oil.
And this is true of all kinds of economy. The same is true of our country. In order to sell and make progress.
For many years, I said that I would like to have a day when we would sell the country without the needs of the country.
Of course it is not an easy task.
Dear God-given products that are unleavened, and we will be closed to the goals we have.
During the year 1389, the great achievements have been carried out.
And this is one of the things that can strengthen our determination and labor in the arena of economic capabilities in the arena of economic matters.
Since the beginning of the year 1389, they increased the sanctions of the Iranian nation.
They have repeatedly said that the sanctions of the Islamic Republic will get the interests of the Iranian nation.
They remember that the sanctions will be a source of real suffering for the Iranian nation and their people throughout the Islamic Republic.
Another factor is done in order to stand up against this sanction.
The enemies failed but their goal through these sanctions.
They have repeatedly said that the country is not useful.
One of the problems of our country is this. We are in a short time.
Therefore, they say that this is the weakness of the Islamic Republic, we will not participate with oil.
As a result of the sanctions of our officials, they are trying to think, and we do not need to participate in feminines.
This is what I have heard from the youth who have been visited by the lateth of Esfand.
They said that we wanted to go to the streets for the sake of our country, and they said that they
I have come home and think we have made a lot of efforts, and we have made efforts without relying on foreign countries.
The report of the year 1389 is announced that there are hundreds and six million laborers.
In the arena of production arenas, in the arena of cities and in cities, in order to prepare for domestic capabilities and innovations for the past, all these things are based on innovation and innovation.
This is in the arena of economic capacities.
In other areas, many activities have been carried out, and when we are limited to it.
The year 1389 is that thankfully the meaning of the word is the year 138.
Of course, the year 1389 was not an advantage. This year the year 1388, the year 1388 was a good year.
The Iranian nation and all government officials, whether we have managed to make great efforts and management in order to achieve the ideals, the Iranian nation, the Iranian nation,
However, innovations, in this regard the issue of economy is more
If our great country achieves victory in the arena of economic areas, this great movement will affect the future, and it
What is necessary in this regard is to make progress based on the principles that have been prepared for the past five years.
The great personality will affect our power in order to use our power innovation.
Two years ago, in this new discourse, I spoke about the problems that were used in the country.
It is necessary to identify these things.
I would like to address the officials in charge of the country to tell the people who are in the arena of economy. They should explain why they
This is not something we want.
They should do their utmost and management to prepare themselves for the past five years.
Political progress and exemployment in the country are one of the important issues and innovations.
In this regard, the management of the marketplaces and the help of the marketplace in order to manage industrial areas, they are in need of important matters. One of the important things is the most important aspect in this regard.
It is necessary to create laws.
This means the support of progress.
Today our capacities are very prominent in the country.
Dear God's favor, you will see what will happen to you.
In all areas, we do not benefit from domestic products, industrial areas and other areas in which we need water.
In fact, the benefits that come from water in the arena of the field will be very important.
The presence of the people in the arena of economic matters is a requirement.
If we want to carry out this great movement in the year 1390, there are certain things to be done.
I would introduce these requirements.
First of all, the basiji spirit is necessary.
Since the victory of the Islamic Revolution, we have witnessed this in the arena of knowledge, and we have seen it in the arena of knowledge.
If we have a fleshly spirit in different parts of the country, our work is not just like a child.
Second, strengthening and strengthening the spirit of faith and monotheism in society.
Everybody should know this.
It is not necessary to think that the influence of religion in the hearts of the youth will not be manifest only in the time of the speech delivered in Dubil.
If the youth of a nation are jealous of religion, they will be fornication. They will be humiliated. They are the same that the youth are doing.
The same is true of economic matters.
The religious democracy is a very prominent role.
This is to say, not to be unduly concerned about the scene.
This will be like a country that is moving towards people who are trying to reach a particular place.
Therefore, it is not necessary to enter the arenas in the arena.
Another example is to preserve unity and understanding of one another.
This unity is among the people and officials and the people who are interested in government officials, and they believe they are helping them, and they are among them.
One of the machinations of the enemies of the Iranian nation is the result of discord and discord of domestic conflicts.
Fortunately, our nation is vigilant.
All those who are interested in the country should appreciate the educational system of the Islamic Ummah and who are proud of the Iranian nation - should be aware of one another.
The officials should make efforts in this regard. They should try to see that there is a difference between the people and they are sometimes when they are committed to it. They should not express
I would like to congratulate the officials in charge of this issue.
The most important point is that the world will solve it.
I would like to congratulate this issue. That is to say, they are not just for the year, but I would like to congratulate the city and other cities and cities.
This is not an advantage.
What do many times have been done in this regard?
What I hope is to do with the people and officials, and they should pay attention to it.
There is no need for many martyrs.
Of course, the issue of economic capacities is not necessary to ignore other areas.
In other areas, especially in scientific arenas, it is necessary to help these young and intellectuals, to be willing to manage great achievements.
However, the events that happen in the region are far more important. The events that happen in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya - are very important.
It is a great movement in this region of Islam and monotheism.
This event is one of the most important events in the Islamic Republic, and it shows itself in the past two characteristics. The first point is the issue of the people, the beginning, and the second is the issue of religion and their presence.
These are two things.
The presence of the people in the arena is the kind of events that happened during the Revolution.
The champion and the champion of the people who sit on the table and in the immaculate houses and thihirists have been able to do what they have done.
The great art of our magnanimous Imam (r.a.) was the opportunity to enter the arena
Today such events are happening in countries.
In Egypt or Tunisian people entered the arena with themselves, and if they did not exist in the country, they used to speak in order to speak in Egypt and many times they used to say, the people were not really concerned about these things.
They are the people who have entered the arena in the arena and in the arena of religion.
That is to say, it is necessary to congratulate the use of the speech, divine name, religious scholars, and religious scholars and intellectuals who enter the arena and enter the arena.
This is the characteristic of this event.
Why did they come?
In Egypt, in the country of Tunisia, there were other countries, the rulers and the leaders were poured out on their people.
As an example, the people of Egypt witnessed their leaders in order to pay attention to the needs of the country and to do what is necessary.
If Hosnbabae did not congratulate the flag of Israel in the arena of Gaza, it would not have acted like Gaza.
But Hossnbae entered the arena in the arena, and he
When he learned that the people of Gaza are following the military, they entered the arena with the things that they need, they manage to do so in a long way.
This is the case with Hossnbae.
This can be seen in different parts of the country.
For example, in Libya, although the beginning of the night of his reign, Gafi showed the presence of the West countries, in the past, he carried out his great services for the west.
If they see that from the threat of a country, they will manage to gather all the nuclear capabilities and managements, he will make them go to the west, and he rescues the people.
Dear God, see what we have, and what they are like.
But our country is not just academicities, but our government officials are not limited to all time.
These things can be noticed in all these countries.
This is what is important for us.
After these events, they did not understand the issue, but they did not know the people.
Of course the things that have already been seen in America are not limited to different parts of the country. They have supported the leaders of the Armed Forces until the end, but they see that they are not able to do so.
This is a lesson for the leaders who rely on America to realize that when they do not benefit from them and they
What happened to the west and the Americans is something that will not tolerate it.
Egypt is one of the main foundations of America.
But they have managed to preserve this foundation in order to benefit them.
If the people are vigilant, they can remove this hypocrites and the immorality of these enemies.
The Americans tried to see that they failed in Egypt or Ben Australia, and they tried to defend their government.
By Allah's grace, the Americans will continue in this region.
After they lost the people in these countries, they made two things that they wanted to do in the arena. First, the second goal is to create such events in certain areas.
They have been defeated in this regard.
Second, this means is likened to the events that have taken place in Egypt, Tunisia and Libya.
The main factor is what they are doing.
Unfortunately, if our great nation realized that the American President had sent the Iranian nation to say, we are supporters and claims that they are opposed to human rights, but they
They are not just a source of sympathy for other nations.
The US President used to billions of people in such a bad condition in order to transform the country, to create weapons for the country.
They are carrying out the capabilities for the sake of the people. They do
Today the American nation is faced with economic problems, and they are not better than they are.
Unfortunately, it is necessary to punish people from Guamohrab and other countries that are opposed to different kinds of crimes
People do not know these things.
What did the US President know?
Did he really know who those who are behind the arena of his policy or fail to realize it?
He said that the people who are on the streets of the Azadi and they are the people who are on the streets of Egypt.
The same is true of the year 22, which is the day of Bahman every year, the people who are present on the Web site and they recite it.
The events that happen in this region are openly clear.
Our presence is the support of the nations and their obligations.
This is the framework of the Islamic Republic
Our hearts are the same, they are wise and the things that we have spoken to these things. They are the people who are
There are two areas that should be noted at the beginning of Libya and the city of Bahrain.
In Libya, we and Libya and I would like to congratulate the flag of the Libya and the people of Libya and the people who were martyred on the city of cities, but America, and the Americans, and the United States and other countries were with God.
They claim that we have entered Libya in order to defend people or to reach the peaks, which is not acceptable to it.
If they have been supporting the people of Libya, if they are in front of their hearts, they are among the people of Libya and the people of Libya. They
If you want to help them, give them a weapon, give them tools, and give them to the airplanes.
I would like to congratulate the killing of the people. Therefore, you will not enter the country. You do
You want to find a foreign place in order to use it in the future of Egypt, Tunisia and Tunisia.
It is your resolve.
The Continuation of the Islamic Ummah should be a source of service for the people in these countries.
This is a shame for the members of the Islamic Revolution.
Therefore, the presence of foreign countries and the presence of western countries is not something to be accepted.
If you want to help the people in Libya, then you can help them. You can help them, strengthen your country to resolve the problem with Gada and why you enter the arena.
They need to be prepared, and everybody should be vigilant.
Is this a great hope in Bahrain in Bahrain, but the
Therefore, western countries make use of this opportunity and management in order to introduce a new issue, which is the case with Shia and Sunnis.
Because the people of Bahra are Shia and Shia are not responsible for supporting them.
Greetings that exist in this region, but they did not speak about Bahrain, but they did not hide the blood of the people of Bahrain.
And a number of people from the countries of the Persian Gulf - were politicians or newspapers. They said that Bahra is the issue of Shia and Sunnis.
Unfortunately, it is not a nation, such as the events of Tunisia, such as what happened in Egypt, just like the events that happen in Libya, it is not different.
The Americans were happy to say that they managed to call this issue between Shia and Sunnis through their media and propaganda methods.
They said that the Iranian people support the people of Bahrain.
We supported all of them.
We have been supporting the Palestinian people for the past 30 years.
Is the Palestinians of Shia?
Our youth went to the train to give them to Gaza.
They are prepared to go to Gaza.
We said that they should not go.
The people of our people said that they supported Gaza, Syria, Tunisia, and they were not Shia.
This is not the case with Shia or Sunni.
Laborers try to explain the issue of Bahrainin as Shia and Sunni.
Unfortunately, some people who think that they do not have to fight this trap.
If there are good intentions, I would tell them that the issue is not Shia and Sunnis. This is a great service for America. This is a great service for the enemies of the Iranian nation who interprets the great movement of a nation as Shia and Shia and Shia and Sunnis.
There were no difference between Gaza, Tunisia, Libya, Egypt, Bahrain, Yemen and Yemen.
A nation that recites the flag of Islam and seeks is something that we can support.
The US is in fact that the Americans do not enter the country of Bahraini and democra in the affairs of the country in the country, but when our teachers ask you, they do not kill you, but they say that they kill you.
Is this intelligence in domestic affairs?
Dear God, a government, which I have said that you should not kill your people, but this is the intelligence of your country. This is not a source of oppression. This is the embodiment of the Americans, but the movement of the
America has hundreds of thousands of miles from this region.
Everybody who does such a job should make a mistake.
This is why I would like to say, it is based on God's favor, a new movement in the region.
As God promised, this movement will be achieved undoubtedly.
The Iranian nation is a source of pride, and they are happy that they have awakened this movement and have made progress.
The youth who have come to the Revolution did not see this revolution. But if they did not have
Dear God, bestow Your mercy on this great nation.
Each day, continue the glory of the honorable people and this movement and the Islamic Ummah.
Dear God, make the heart of the holy Imam of the Age (may
Dear God, bestow Your grace and blessings on our dear martyrs and our dear Imam (r.w.a.)
The following is the full text of the speech delivered on October 7, 2011 by Ayatollah Khamenei the Leader of the Islamic Revolution in a meeting with the high officials of Iran.
In the Name of Allah, the Beneficent, the Merciful
All praise belongs to Allah, the Lord of the Worlds, and greetings be upon our Master and Prophet (s.w.a.).
I would like to congratulate the dear brothers and sisters, the officials and the efforts of the government, the government of the country, and I hope Allah the Exalted will bestow His blessing on you.
I am thankful to Allah the Exalted who gave us an opportunity to re-appearance and arrange for the meetings in order to address the important issues of the country and to express our feelings.
I would like to congratulate the first part of the meeting, remembering which I used to be a faithful and caring for the needs of the Armed Forces, which we hope that we will benefit from the prayers of the 13th of Rmeme (r.a.) and the
The end of the battlefield is the time for God's favor, and it will pay attention to the issues that happen in our region.
Ayatollah Mr. Qara'ati - Khamenei. Qara'ati - Khamenei.ir
The same is true of the words: "They are not respectable. It is necessary to thank the Exalted for the sake of the day, which is necessary to thank his servants, and it is something that
One of the most important things is that the more important than any other characteristics is that this hunger and thirst is a source of light for the hearts of a person who is trying to reflect on the hearts of a person who
This thought is one of the things that are moving towards mind and spirit.
They have been the main element of everybody.
All these things are available through this life - which is to
We should consider this life as long as they go.
We should pay attention to the level of our life and day of life.
We should pay attention to the kind of life.
This is to say, and it is necessary to go to us.
How do we benefit from it?
This is a time to think of death from the world, when the spirit of man is from the body and
He stressed that we would have to think at that time.
Another issue is this prayer.
They pray to the prayers that have been placed in Ahulbai. They are not astonishing. In this book, the book of Zebat says, "Wi""" [The Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) is not one of them."
Therefore, these prayers are very important.
It is a congratulate for the people who feel and remember those who do not hear: "By prayers are the most important and the prayers of the 13th of Sahistanstan (s.s.a.), the
The prayer says: "Allah, the prayers of the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) delivered me, and I ambassador [The Holy Quran, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.),
What does it mean to dress innovations with God-fearing servants?
Dear God, the Holy Prophet (s.w.a.) - who are the first of them - is to prove justice in society, justice, justice, justice, justice, justice and justice between society, justice, justice, justice and justice between society, justice, justice and justice and unity among the people, justice and righteousness and justice will be among the people.
The fear of God that is expected to be among the foundations of this godly fear.
Sometimes it is necessary to make a person in a wrong way. If you do not have a heavy responsibility in society, you will make a difference between you and your brothers and sisters in the family, whether in the country or in the arena of laborers.
When you speak about a person or speak about certain statements, the effect of your anger and a person who is not committed to a particular person, he is not responsible.
We should not do anything in a provoked way.
Dear God, forgive our sins and our sins in the wrong way.
In the fire of sanctions, they
Everybody should make efforts to kill this fire.
For the sake of our brothers and sisters, the government officials, the people who are in charge of their statements in the country should pay attention to these things.
Sometimes we do not have to slap the fire of fire even if they have fireed it.
Those who are in the arena of the arena of the streets should not let our work and our actions and statements, and they should not allow them to stop believing in this way.
We should not separate the people who are at the service of this system.
Contrary among the people, if there are disagreements among the people, we are trying to resolve them.
When a university acted in a economy, try to explain it.
We have spoken many things about this issue.
This is part of the prayers of this prayer. Batut is very valuable.
Allah the Exalted will bestow success on us.
These are part of godly fear.
This is the first part of I would like to speak
The second point is a close look at the conditions of the country.
There are many important issues in the report, and I have a lot of information that will help all of them appreciate the efforts of the people.
I would like to explain the aspects of the country, which are important for us.
Why is it important?
First of all, it is necessary to identify the conditions that are in the country and where we are reaching and what is necessary. It is important
First of all, the conditions of this region are just like.
The great presence of Islam and the great events that happen in this region is not seen since the beginning of the Revolution until today.
In a society like the nation of Egypt, a nation has made a great movement, and it is not a source of threat to the threats of
If we find ourselves in the arena of the Islamic Republic, we are faced with a very difficult situation.
The issue of economic capacities which has committed to the arrogant powers of the west and is moving towards you is very valuable. And the issue of monotheism is more
This is the case with western countries. The same is related to the issue of economic
Contrary to the intellectuals and politicians in the arenas of the world - those who are in the best way of the media - are not interested in the world.
If the end of the speech is at the end of the end, I will shed light on this issue.
Another point is that the movement of the countries of the United States is similar to the development of terrorist activities in the west, especially in Europe. The Islamic Revolution's Guards Corps of America's Guards Corps and the American councils of America's Guards Corps -
Later, he attacked two Muslims.
There are certain things that they want to do, but Allah the Exalted does not give them a lot of time.
These are important things.
This event in Norway should not happen only to us.
We should pay attention to our situation.
If we do not take a look at this opportunity and if we do not do what is necessary, we will not manage to do what is necessary, and we will
Sometimes he is threatening to be a threat.
Therefore, there is no problem if we take a look at the future of the country and this view.
We should pay attention to these things.
The same is true of the media and the others.
When a person says why you say, they will say that they will not allow us to realities.
You can say that this is not a source of monotheism. We want to say, but we are in fact trying to democracy.
I would like to congratulate ten newspapers each day.
Some of these magazines each day have certain news that every one of them is prepared to make the heart of a weak person.
We are not in charge of anybody, but this is really wrong.
The same is true.
It is necessary to think of weakness with the good things that are being done together.
It is necessary to act in a way that can be done and it should be done together.
Therefore, if we want to identify the realities that are in the country, we should keep in the arena of weakness.
Today, I would introduce a broadcast explanation for this issue, but there is a need to be done in this regard.
The good things will show us a lot of opportunities and the opportunities that we have in our country.
And the dangers will show us what we should do and what we should do.
When we make these things together, we will know what we should do.
I wrote some five things to six times, but the movements that have been made throughout the Islamic Republic have been made throughout the past 30 years.
First of all, this is a very important and acquiring power in this system.
For the past 30 years, we have faced many threats - the threat of politicians, the threat of security, the threat of economic threats - these are the threats of the Islamic Republic.
They want to pay attention to this government, but they do not have a lot of things to them, and they want to
This election achieves victory over all these threats.
Some of these things have been based on foreign countries, such as sanctions.
In the past, the country has been established for many years, but in the past, they have repeatedly said that the sanction of sanctions have been defeated.
The sanctions of the Democracy - which are at the hands of the Islamic Republic - and some of them - have been a source of sanctions.
These are the things that are related to foreign countries, which are directly involved.
And there are certain threats that have taken place in the country.
That is to say, it is one of the
We should pay attention to this issue during the Sacred Defense Era.
This system is not a source of threats, but it threatens all of these threats.
This is the first part of this system.
Second, it is the relationship between people and government officials.
