Luz Mely Reyes, whose eyes were affected by the mobbing, tells us about the inspection by SEBIN’s Lawyers of Díaz at Soto’s home.
News of the Journalists affected the audience :
IT IS late at 3:00 a.m., and from the Amnesty International to the media, Luis Carlos Díazizi, who has been disappeared since 5:30 a.m.
This proclamation is well - known by humanitarianism and freedom of speech organization at the Web site of #DondeEstaLuisCarlos ( Where Luis Carlos is? ), now the most popular title on the Web site Facebook of Venezuela.
Díaz was a journalist and a champion of the slave of the old freedom of speech, who came to his senses in Venezuelan and overseas for interruption and opposition from Nicholas Maduro.
For some time he was working with your wife and a prominent politician at naky Soto, and producing videos and audiocassettes on a worldwide political and human society in Venezuela.
He has worked as a hero and a resident of the city’s inhabitants and as a special speaker for the presence of the congregation.
Díaz also played a part in the World Voice for ten years.
Along with me, Luis Carlos was devastated by this troubled report and census in Venezuela.
He had discovered a riot in the city ( an encounter with opposition ) #NiboniLuis Carlos Wa.
In the days leading up to your deforestation, the Con el Mazo Dando showed Díaz ’ video in you.
The proconsul of this system, Diosdado Cabello,, thought that Díaz went into bitterness to show a worldwide lack of fire that allowed the Venezuelaites to live in darkness for over 2,500 hours 7 and 8 months
There was no witchcraft full of legs.
Seven hours have passed since Luis Carlos Díaz is gone.
[ Díaz ] was a journalist for the union Radio Noticias and a social scientist.
We owned the SEBIN headquarters headquarters and said that they did not have [ their ] inheritance.
[ B.C.E. ]
Journalist Vladimir Villegas said that he was not perfect for the sake of government :
radionet Luis Carlos Díaz, was in the house of City Lawyer.
We regret his situation.
We ask for guidance by knowing where he is and by extending praise to the people of your day.
The World Voice stands steadfast with Luis Carlos,, a relative of you, and a well - organized reporter of all government officials in Venezuela.
We look forward to you as soon as possible to experience physical and emotional well - being, sharing the news with you as it approaches you.
An electronic code will destroy freedom of speech in Nigeria
The codex will grant permission for mass destruction in Nigeria
A representative of Mohamed Sani Musa was the advocate of the codex from channel Television You Tube.
The December 20, 2009, issue of The Declaration on the Protection of the Flock and the Silent Martha, known as the decree on the use of electronic devices, has been read in confusion for the second time by a representative whom you are referring to.
The concept of the codex was to eliminate unrealistic rumors and phrases.
Rather than restricting the use of machinery, the code focuses primarily on reducing the freedom of machinery to violate opposition to government crime and temporarily putting machinery in the list of laws.
This type of census was printed by the Nigerians in the summer of 2016
When you hear the kingdom (take the kingdom )
According to Article 1A, the concept of this codex is to be interpreted in order to produce an unrealistic or unrealistic dictionary that appears in Nigeria.
He will rid himself of a series of poultices that can plague the native tongue of Nigeria without forgetting such subjects as the general health system and the general security of the whole country or the total income of the country’s nationalities as well as the Native tongue’s nationalities along with other nationalities. ”
Article 1c describes how the codex will be controlled and protected by the misuse of mechanical and mechanical systems. ”
Further explaining, there is nothing that the new constitution would be as harsh as it would have been on the earth — under blemish we are fighting rumors and rumors.
The codex of the indigenous machinery, like all the native peoples of Nigeria, will have no place in the area or in man’s dwelling place, no place in medicine, no place in the landscape, no place in the landscape, no place in the landscape, no place in the landscape, no place in the landscape, no place in the landscape.
COVER SUBJECT | THE BIBLE’S VIEWPOINT
No one should be interested in or outside the walls of Nigeria from an unprotected, authoritative expression ; and in an authoritative expression that can embrace the origin of the Nigerian language as a citizen of the city’s security.
The Devil, under the Law’s rule, is the guardian of freedom of speech.
None of us would be able to oppose or criticize Nigeria for not making mistakes.
In Article 3b (vi ), the expression that ignores “ the duties or actions of the public in the eyes of the kingdom ” is not conspicuous.
As shown by Article 3b(v ), this is closely related to the statement : Isthmus, intolerance, or zeal among men. ”
This is dangerous because it allows officers to abuse power.
Who determines whether a statement can cause conflict?
That means perfectionism or the realization of political promises can lead to hatred in their eyes.
The penalty for the victim is between 200 and tens of thousands of nails [ $ 556 - $28,000 in the United States ], a mortgage for three or two years.
The Lawyer’s decree to destroy an aircraft temporarily
The codex empowered the government to destroy a motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized motorized
The Legal Department granted permission to the Nigerian Communications Commission ( Nigerian Communications Commission ) to grant permission to provide space for aircraft so that it would take immediate action to prevent the use of aircraft in Nigeria.
Overcrowded supplies must comply with the prohibition on the use of tobacco or pay off tens of thousands of dollars [ $ 14,000 - $ 10 ].
In addition, the bill guarantees the total safety of electrical equipment that will prevent city distress or inactivity from interfering with an inappropriate prohibition against complacency, as stated on page 12, 5.
The man’s subjection was darkened because the execution of the law allowed the police under law to obey the orders of smoking as he had.
Article 15a describes the “ mental - regulating ” of the police during the investigation of the authenticity of the blast in the vernacular.
Finally, “ there was no place for the company of me in the Abigail, ” [ Abala 13(2) ], where anyone could stop smoking without consulting the police to impose the law of smoking.
The effect is remarkable — no one will be able to go to the convent for this painful defense that still exists.
Lawyers on the back of the codex
A delegation of five lawyers memorized the decree in the congress : Mohamed Sani Musa ( according to decree ), Abba Moro, and Elisha Abbo.
The hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel hotel
THE Organization ( INEC ) recognized the charges.
This fact indicates that the rulers of the past election did not act independently of the powerful.
Ishaku Elisha Abbo of the People’s Democratic Party ( PDP ) served as a representative of the North Adamwa Province of Adamwa, in northeastern Nigeria.
In August 2019,, in front of a policeman, Abbo committed a mistake with a female laborer in the Nigerian capital.
Following the slide, Abbo offered your reputation well and well.
Abba Moro,, a PDP,, was a representative of the South Benue,, in the center of northern Nigeria.
On March 15, 2013, 2014, Moroaye, the chief executive of the civil system, was in charge of the Great Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain’s Britain
The terrible death of the inheritance and the destruction of the human family.
Moro obtained $ 1.8 USD ]
Take your savings and violate the codex.
“ There’s no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure, no need for a seizure! ”
Using the #SayNoToSocial MediaBill llamas on Twitter to express their feelings :
In a statement stated by Amnesty International, the use of law - enforcement measures to justify human exploitation by not silencing the Nigerians by not expressing their preconceived ideas and repeating their wishes for improvement..
Through hyperbole, rumors and rumors tend to interfere with the dictatorship of the community.
It is surprising that politicians are in the forefront of the world’s propaganda.
Political enthusiasm and hostile opposition have transformed the Twitter field into a war zone that has resulted in massive hatred, slander, and deception during the president’s elections for the next year.
Read more :
Widespread hatred was triggered by massive hatred, as well as fraud and deception during the 2018 president’s election
Twitter became a war zone during the 20th - century Nigerian congress
At a time similar to freedom of speech in Nigeria today, there is a tremendous blow from the hope - inspiring United States writer Toni Morrison :
This was the artistic process, and there was no world of hopelessness, no world of compassion, no need for silence, no place for fear.
We say that we are not alone.
The codex had been read for the second time in the Millennium.
Before it became a law, it had to be obtained a census by law enforcement officials and the consequences of the census by the older Millennium to measure it until another was printed for the final census by the president.
We had to get caught up in the Thousand Year Requirements so that the codex would be destroyed.
Because of the most widely accepted language, Adultery will be in danger of rape as soon as freedom of speech is threatened.
The Tanzania high court decreed the cutting of seed between adult and child without considering your restoration
“ THIS is the best decision for a society to make ”
Children’s schoolteachers in Tanzania stand for a full - cost picture on December 10, 2007, fanny Schertzer depicted by permission from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2. 0.
In September 2020, the Tanzania high court celebrated its final year of 2016, which decreed that a younger woman and a younger son should be 18 years old before marrying.
The National Association of Tanzania took steps to reform this resolution because marriage is the key to teenage girls and pregnant women’s safety.
Then, on May 23, 1919, the Tanzania government lost a large portion of its peasants, with the authority of the high court standing : 18 days before marriage, adding to Tanzania’s peasants.
According to the United Nations Population Fund ( UNFPA ), Tanzania is the world’s highest sugarcane rate.
Worldly children turned to the delight of the disfellowshipping.
Rebeca Z. Gyumiumi obeys the accuser and the leader of the young juice.
Gyumi is the coordinator and executive director of the Msichana Initiative ( girls ’ organization ), a government agency that is not responsible for the strengthening of girls by means of a codex.
Steps toward the end of children’s suckling in Tanzania
2016 Gyumi pronounced the rigors of the Marriage Law ; the Law of Marriage Act, 2002 ( LMA ) permitted a woman under the age of 18 to marry.
According to a study of Tanzania Demographic and Health Survey ( TDHS ), 36 percent of women in 25-49 were married before the age of 18 and 5 percent of their males were married.
The LMA law permitted a girl in her mid - teens to marry with a parental permission for the next 5 to 18 years of age and the youngest for a boy.
Through your representatives, Gyumi explained LMA’s superiority to a woman because it gave the men a greater privilege than the women.
Furthermore, the perfectionism of natural disasters affects little girls with equalizing the human offspring and with the presence of books.
Gyumi urged the High House to abandon LMA.
This is not the case with the Supreme Court.
The young man, of course, was unlawful and offered the government a year to repair what was unlikely in the LMA.
By means of a chief envoy of law - enforcement agencies, the government was authorized to pass a marriage date to 18 years for women and men.
Nevertheless, the former chief representative dismissed the invitation and wrote the eighth letter to the House of the High :
By permission : I have obtained a copy of the revised edition on the #childmarriage.
Read more : Mozambique transforms young juice into a crime
A time for recovery
During the mid - month cycle, the government planned to reestablish the LMA economy in 2016, allowing a 15 - and - a - half - year - old girl to get married.
The supporters of the province of Mark Mulwambo and Alesia Mbuya, expounded the attitudes of both women and men and tried to justify the reconciliation with the traditions and the laws of Socialism.
MS. Mbuya pointed out that homosexuality involves both boys and girls and that homosexuality is viewed by law.
He added perfection because girls are more prone to puberty than boys and says that a perfect marriage can provide a safe haven for a girl who is absent from her unmarried mate.
Furthermore, he spoke of the failure of the corporate structure by “ the combination of the head of the child and the head that is worthy of marriage, ” which, in turn, was to be viewed as normal and should be kept open for the man and woman’s marriage.
The world’s peoples have quickly disagreeed with the need for social isolation.
Read more : Mozambique, Cote d'Ivoire took a dramatic action in behalf of women and children
Sexual Harassment
The club’s homelife refers to the degradation of harmful practices for girls and the diversity of racists and girls in Tanzania.
For the United Nations to graduate from the U.S.
The results of a study reveal that the date of marriage is closely related to the type of literature that is read and gathered (TDHS 201 ).
In Tanzania he had a six - year - long distinction between a school - age girl and one of the highest or highest students.
In Tanzania lawlessness is to be extended either to a pregnant woman’s womb or to a pregnant woman’s womb for 30 years.
A pregnant woman does not go back to school even when she has a child.
Child beekeeping protects young girls from entering school.
In Tanzania, a girl’s marriage is less educated and less privileged than a recent survey from Tanzania National Survey, 2017.
The yield sacrifice provided an ideal way of life for a young woman to complete her marriage without interruption.
At the same time, a young woman who struggles with stress is struggling with the law not to come back to school.
The identification mark of Kanye West’s Jamaican leads to a heated ‘ psalmist ’ dispute
Jamaican merchandise is sold worldwide
Kanye West singing at the annual observance of the Tower of Modern Art in Garden benefit, New York City, December 10, 2011 Diagram by Jason Persse, CC BY-SA 2.0.
The castle - speaking American singer Aye West brought the Festival of Pentecost to Kingston, Jamaica, shortly after the Festival of Pentecost of the Forgotten Son of the Commonwealth ( 1950 - 21 ) was to be celebrated.
This was the first time that the husband was to take thousands of acts of praise from the United States in the middle of the eighth century B.C.E. and bring the program to his hometown.
Nevertheless, the party witnessed opposition from the fringes of the Ho borrowed through the identification mark of the isthmus of West Jamaica on the markets selling on your world center without permission to use it.
Within two days the announcement went outdoors in the Emancipation Park in the capital city of Kingston, — a critical setting based on the controversy West presented in a five - month interview about slavery.
Starting in 2002, the square became a symbol of independence for 300,000 slaves in Jamaica and from the eighth month until 1838.
This may have been the final event, but it was the final one.
Particularly how the editor of Olivia’s Cultural Organization, Olivia’s “ Babsy ” Grange, criticized the excellence of the vocabulary in favor of a celebrated feast that was instantly viewed by a music fanatic as it went on to the world of the Holocaust’s Holocaust’s 18th century.
In addition, the inhabitants of the city of Kingston, who live in a thriving state of affairs, wash the air of anguish and anguish when their migrants go home.
Undoubtedly, the festival was celebrated by tens of thousands of Nevégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégégég
The news of the city’s disobedience was probably a step forward to receiving the banquet of the Kingston’s identity emblems in Jamaican and of the long - haired bird.
I have done some self - examination and find fault with predestination until I am able to encounter a world - shaped commodity that has identifiable personalities and that is equal to the party’s fate
The supremacy of the former governments has never neglected the ‘ Jamaica ’ or identity palms, such as the flag and the shield.
It was the easiest thing to do with our music and the quietest thing to do with Mento, Rock Steady, Reggae.
The Jamaica did not immediately turn to the fashion industry, which had the main island mark, to offer it to the people.
If these merchandise were featured in the Emancipation Park square that advanced beyond clothing from the government and the indigenous indigenous indigenous people in the indigenous languages of the Jamaican language, the use of the indigenous characters in a remarkable way.
I have observed the urgent proceedings of the Kingston Office and director of the Cultural Organization to return things to both of them to realize that improvement is not urgent.
I had hoped for a better government in the conspirators.
Advocates, of course, still have the authority to expose the controversy over the use of the Jamaican flag.
Death - dealing police attack in ‘ Guinea as President Alpha Condé failed ’ to rule
MILLIONS of cities have turned away from the government in this regard ”
A peak of what is happening in Guinea is the story of France 24.
Violence was rampant in Guinea in the 14th century C.E., leading to devastating deaths and migration after the uprising that opposed the president’s Alpha Condé,, who was contemplating a change of parliament to permit him to go for the third time.
The capital’s streets, along with the rest of the towns, have become battlefields between law - enforcement agencies and protesters.
The police have taken advantage of a new opportunity to use deadly weapons when it reaches your eyes.
Controverses have sent an idolatrous mob into a fiery hell, where a policeman in the victims of the Curse killed hundreds of people.
Read more : Guinean refugees have the authority to use deadly weapons
Controverses refused to take sides in the revolution as a preliminary step toward the third party.
Indeed, the constitutional decree requires two years of presiding for the eighth - year - old prosecutor’s office, and the eighth - year - old prosecutor’s office is expected to end in the month of August 2011
protesters are the most vulnerable because of adhering to the law, as Human Rights Watch called for observation :
The Power of Revelation
Today, the Human Rights Watch reports that for a year, Guinea’s imperial security threat was threatened in the streets.
The dictatorial authorities have shattered as much as 20 political and other terrorist attacks.
Refugees have caught sight in the midst of those who refuse to scatter them and have caught countless people.
As regards political instability, the king’s organization proclaims an all - out campaign : On the 13th day of the month of President Condé’s death :
The Power of Revelation
Alpha Condé has called for a comforter and has allowed the chairman’s chairman to solve the problem and the solution to the challenges he faces.
Nevertheless, the president’s adviser Ahmed Tidiane Traoré assembled on December 12, 2001 — two days before the bitterness of anguish — to the ideals of the RPG political party [ruling Reunion of the People of Guinea]:
The Power of Revelation
The politicians were urged to be engrossed in the streets.
Those [ opposing sides ] have caused the dilemma of apologizing to the problem and of not attacking anyone and not destroying any material possessions more than protecting one another.
All intelligent creatures will be discovered to humankind by their faces.
The townspeople’s mouths have stirred up the resentment of many opposers and fanatics, as the globalguinee.info says :
The Power of Revelation
The June 14, 2010, issue of The Watchtower caused the Devil’s wicked economy to flood in response to the call of the FNDC [ The Watchtower and the Watchtower ]...
Attack took place in the vicinity of the capital.
In the center of Kalou’s city administrative district, there was a tremendous collapse.
Those in the Central and Guinea - speaking Rivers joined in the invitation to get to know the rest of the cities.
In the countryside and Mount Guinea, few came out.
Millions of cities have turned their backs on the government.
At benbere.org, a public square for the peasants of Mali, peasants of Adam Thiam writes :
The Power of Revelation
Astounding struggle is taking place in Guinea as a result of the riots and the death of hundreds of thousands of protesters on the streets and of the massacre in the fiery furnace and the massacre in the air.
The world’s inhabitants admire the chain onto a machine :
Like Blaise Compaoré [ Burkinabé politician ] Alpha Condé leads to the destruction of your brothers?
In the near future, the boat is on the run.
August 15, August 15 :
Hamdallaye’s hospital ( #Conakry : Police woke some townspeople up this morning.
Unfortunately, the police were running through the door and carrying goods in the homes of their owners.
S. Nkola Matamba,, a writer and anthropologist who belonged to the Democratic Republic of Congo, showed heartfelt sympathy :
The son of the ancient opponent who changed the law for his self - sacrifice to rule for the third time, as king as king, until God arrived at Alpha Condé is an example of where he was causing backing for the Adulterous Land!
Guinnie, take heart!
THE opposition to Condé’s government for the third time, the only day that led to the death of the people.
The downsizing of politicians on the office of president is becoming more complicated than Amoulanfe — Cheikh FallTM (@cypher007) December 14, 2018
Guinea’s activist Macky Darsalam spoke of the step toward public opinion :
The Guinean opponents also have no protection during the attack : Opposition officials have remained neutral in the civil controversy since July 11, 1919
Violence against these politicians has taken on an unusual scale, as mediaguinee.org states :
The Power of Revelation
The headquarters of the Union of Republican Forces (URF ), whose territory was affected by Sidya Touré taefa, took place among the protesters and those who were advocating an organized government to prevent the protests from taking place to the day of protest in the affected areas.
The attack came to an end after the massacre of the UrF and the inexperienced Methophaticism.
#SexForGrades : Pornography Explains the Sexual Harassment in the Far East
The victims were embarrassed
Boniface Igbeneghu, ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó ó
#SexForGrades, a BBC pornography program that focuses on the trillion - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel
The majority of the research was released on the seventh day of September 2019, when Kiki Mordi, who had failed to comply with perfection, failed to comply with your resident’s failing in test because of perfection :
Boniface Igbeneghu, U.S.
Drawing from BBC #SexForGrades.
An hour - long investigation exposed the trespass of “ gladiatorial spectator ” at the University of Lagos ( UNILAG ) of Nigeria and the University of Ghana.
Boniface Igbeneghu,, a fortune - teller of the United Nations art department and priest of the Foursquare Gospel, Congregation in Lagos, was among the ridiculers.
In the BBC, Igbeneghu expresses admiration for a 17 - year - old girl who lives in divorce without being suspicious of the BBC’s secretary - general inquiry.
Do you not know what a beautiful girl you are?
Do you know that I belonged to the Orthodox priesthood and that I was in my late teens when I was 27 years old, he would eat a lot of money and a lot of money?
At a meeting between the two, Igbeneghu fell into a fiery furnace and invited the girl to kiss and hug her and to enjoy the nightmare in the street.
The Evangelical Foursquare Congregation has sustained Igbeneghu in the work of the good news. ”
Similarly, Icasit Lagos had evicted Igbeneghu from school and had prompted a show at the front door of the factory called the mosaic mosaic room.
Unfortunately, years have passed
The extracting bread has produced a thick hole in the hole of the Nigerian peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasant peasants.
Many female utensils on Twitter express their deep feelings about their sexual experience :
The scholar and columnist explained the horrendous shock he encountered when the plague of a basin (DVC ) touched the wrong place :
Women have been devastated by the Nigerian high - security fires.
Nevertheless, as a result of the shame of those who have been killed in the flesh, it is not easy to escape corruption.
In 2016 the Parliament presented a five - year proposal for a court official who was guilty of a failure by the secretary of the Bill to End Sexual Harassment in the High School.
Nevertheless, the Nigerian Issitic Association condemned this suggestion by insisting on opposing and suppressing the authority and authority of the high court.
The prohibition thwarted the law — and this did not prevent the president from striking it.
What about the collapse of the new #ChurchToo house of worship?
During the seventh month of this year, the famous painter Jeroboam blamed the commander of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA ) for violent intercourse at the age of 21.
Read more : Priest or slanderer?
Evangelizer of Ecclesiastes in the face of rape
For the past six years, the victim of a rapist has witnessed the accusation of rape.
Nevertheless, an interrogation by Dakolo’s accusation triggered a heated argument.
For a few days, the place of worship ; #ChurchToo — my example in the world of #MeToo — took a turbulent life in Nigeria.
This accusation fled from terrorist attacks to street protest in the major cities of Nigeria, such as Lagos and Nagas.
The observance of the house of worship #ChurchToo movement urged the government to eliminate “ the suffering of women and girls ”
The house of worship #ChurchToo exposed itself to the rise of rape practices, especially in the worship of the Nigerian flock.
He gave women the opportunity to say from their mouth.
Like #ChurchToooooo tantrums for the gladiatorium #SexForGrades, the abuse of power like sexual trespasses that women do not wholeheartedly leave openly.
Would the plaque serve as a means of defense against the plaque that would require repairs that would make the plaque a secure place for women like that?
Only time and time will he speak.
The only musical club in Zanzibar collapsed into a street
The Swahili culture was glorified by the Theocratic Ministry School of Worship
Colporteurs from the Music School of Orthodoxy Dhow (DCMA ) painted by the Stone Town customs House of Conservation, Zanzibar, 2019. DCMA.
Thousands of thrilling visitors to the ancient city of Stone Town, Zanzibar have responded favorably to the Song of the Music School of the Orthodoxy Dhow (DCMA ), the hymns and the hymns of the island near Swahili in the waters of the Indian Ocean.
Thro the late 1980 ’ s, the monastery has promoted and composed numerous Arabic, Indian, and African songs.
At the end of the 17th year, the school did not find enough money in the envelope and could hardly cause the school to collapse.
In the DCMA press release, 70 percent of all authoritaries failed to pay up to $13 USD a month.
With the kind support of the school’s contributors, he still had enough funds to pay to make sure that the school was closed in The Watchtower of the Old Testament.
Without sufficient funds to press on, DCMA and staff are afraid that the heartwarming sound of this famous hymn - calling hall will spread to the darkness.
Only by singing and promoting customs and hereditary acts did the monastery make the monastery a prominent place for the monastery, where the monastery was to be added to the monastery.
DCMA singing with a musical instrument depicted at DCMA.
“ IT WAS the most difficult time to imagine, ” says DCMA director, Alessia Lombardo, in a DCMA video.
From now on to this period from six months until now, we have no complete guarantee that we will be able to pay the salaries and workers ’ salaries. ’
Meanwhile, parables of the 19th - century fortune - teller and other workers have worked for five months without charge because of the lack of funds in the colleges.
Just as the World Bank explains accurately how it has been defined as a resort for ancient beaches and a large, expensive residence complex at the expense of hundreds of thousands of pedestrians, even more so than ever before, is the problem of poverty.
For the 17th year, DCMA has worked long and hard, using music to promote inheritance and Zanzibar culture.
The music industry, also known as Bi. Kidude, Zanzibar, is composed by an intriguing composer who is composed by the traditional and long - term interdependence of the area of the Swahili River.
In today’s world, there is no shortage of hymns, such as the barabbaski Ngoma and kidumbakinta, along with additional instruments, such as drums, scenes, and novelty — and philosophy — traditions and practices.
Neema Surri, violin is playing in DCMA, as violin is sold in the 19th century.
You know young people who will be interested in singing but who are not able to pay their school fees for their performance and who have no place in it.
DCMA’s singers played a stringed instruments in The Watchtower at the base of the school in Stone Town, Zanzibar, for the next year.
At the conclusion of the DCMA, has obtained titles and at the end of the 20th century, much of the DCMA has become the world’s oldest and most active actress.
Zanzibar’s grandparents, who at one time served as printers at the same school, Amina Omar Juma and her hometown were well - acquainted with her hundreds of young singers who sang forthright and forthright songs, namely, “Siti and Millenniums, ” returned from a musical tour in South Africa.
During the late 1800 ’ s, he had composed some of his numerous singers and a team of DCMA singers producing their lyrics with the titles borrowed by him by him, causing them to be thrilled by the observers in Sauti Za Busara,, the most productive festival of music in the Southeast.
This is accompanied by celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity celebrity
Read more : Woman singers in the Middle East sang against women’s inactivity.
Traditional and social history
Some three thousand visitors had watched the show and had previously spoken with musicians at the prestigious school.
The school has carried on a series of debates and debates about the traditions of the Indians and the Persian Gulf.
From Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840 B.C.E., the Omani Sultanate,, a potent seat of powerful sailors from the 17th to 19th century B.C.E.
From Stone Town, Omani’s kings were pursuing a flooding business, including a golden calf and clothing, in the wake of the hurricanes that comforted the robbers of Arabia — Schaws — on the Indian Ocean from India to the Oman down to the East of the Golden Land.
Mozambique’s peasants are familiar with the greatness of their long - standing music that is seen in modern music.
The moviemakers and DCMA’s moviemakers produced an unparalleled expression of both the Arabic and the modern - day Jazz songs.
Ata violin, Felician Mussa, 20 years of age singing the stringed instruments for the three and a half years ; TaraJazz singing one of the most popular singers on the islands is depicted by an artist by Aline Co Kate :
The Swahili community tells the story of the DCMA’s progress toward the music industry.
Each year, the school hosts the program entitled Swahili",, which produces a large band of heavy - metal musicians from the Golden State, Central and North America, along with the DCMA, to sing in one week.
In the final phase of the attack, the new phenomenon will take place in Sauti Za Busara, and this interdependence will be a phenomenal interdependence of languages and cultures that emphasizes the common language of music.
DCMA sponsors a musical program that glorifies the singing of the singers and a show of hospitality in the city of Stone Town Zanzibar 19th - 19th - 19th - century DCMA.
DCMA knows to see heavy music as a powerful force and a powerful force that can be a source of warmth and encouragement to people regardless of customs — and it provides excellent opportunities for younger ones who are struggling to eat.
For the 1,800 singers who have received diplomas at DCMA, this is the only musical facility in which singers and singers are added to the art and art of singing.
A traveler from Spain who visited DCMA in this remote part of the world wrote to TripAdvisor : "N’s choir is my favorite time on this island. ”
The intention of the Zanzibar Tourism department toward DCMA in favor of music plays an important role in the festivals and promotions, as well as inherited propaganda and the Swahili epitome.
Zanzibar is more than your coastal ports and luxurious resorts — a place filled with intelligent people who have their pearls filled with gifts as a result of the massive mixture that has made the area unique.
The Book’s Ruler’s Attention : The printer has worked well in the DCMA.
Hunting continues to rob people of life in India’s outback
Superstition and lack of awareness behind witch‐hunting in India
JAMshedpur at Jharkhand, Photo by Anumeha Verma
On August 20 a.m., a group of anointed mothers received the lives of uncircumcised elderly mothers in gumla, Jharkhand, India, after being accused of eating.
As a result of the catastrophic death of the elderly, they were condemned by the banquet in the village of Panchayat.
The elderly women were brought outside their homes, and the blind men were beaten in with trees until the dead were killed.
Five thirds of these men are in police chariots.
According to a Jharkhand police report published by the Times of India, 123 persons have been forced into compulsory service between mid - 1960 B.C.E. and 1919 B.C.E.
In all parts of the world, 134 persons became victims of drug abuse in the spring 2016, just as the Codex Grandior prohibited.
Increasing Disease
IN Jharkhand", Prem Chand, Ruler and chairman of the Free Legal Aid Committee (FLAC ) of Jharkhand, commented in an interview on the subject.
FLAC was advocating anti - Semitic legislation in Jharkhand.
The office applied in this area in the late 1990 ’ s when neighbors accused a woman of losing a boy in death.
He was attacked by a mob and killed by your husband and son.
He killed himself.
When Prem Chand and his colleagues exhibited animosity, the challenge arose :
They were told to stand firm against the accusation.
They also acknowledge perfection if the so - called appetizer loses the power of your birdcatcher.
Prem Chand affects a portion of the towns :
In the meantime, poor women are often very active.
These enthusiastic people are the Adivasis,jans and the Dalits.
The dignity of women and the dignity of the law of the law are equal to a world of dignity for all humankind.
Social and Political Interference
The perpetrators described the proliferation of the suburbs as the cause of the immorality.
He was deeply moved by the lack of adequate health care and the presence of the elderly inhabitants of this immoral climate.
This has proved that he is a perfect man of rumors.
The Indian province, which viewed hunting as illegal, saw it as a safeguard.
At the same time, excuses for taking possession of women are used to revenge or violence against women.
Basically as Prem Chand says :
Impossible as soon as you call a woman a victim, you can be in subjection to immorality.
Nevertheless, it is vital to understand their imperfections by resorting to sexual immorality and not giving a definite basis for it.
On the other hand, without discipline, the panchayat often leads to death even if he does not obey the orders of punishment.
In addition to the anointed panchayat, some claim to have a lowly position without any authority everywhere.
These creatures suffer and suffer, and there is no one around them.
In the Ajmer district of Rajasthan in the late 20th century, the death of a 40 - year - old woman was closely related to the fall of panchayat.
According to the law, this type of censure was adopted either by the voting of the adherents or by the adherents.
Nevertheless, those who are well - equipped do not even have the privilege of being law - abiding citizens before they are confronted by an army of chosen people.
Hunting all over India
Jharkhand has recorded the greatest number of mankind’s orders related to childbirth, not just the paragraph.
In Chattisgarh, Odisha Gujarat, West Bengal Assam, Bihar, Maharashtra and Rajasthan the towns.
In 2014, Debjani Boracia, a rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit - rabbit.
In the village of Cherekali, 180 miles [ 180 km ] from Guwahati, India’s eastern capital, he was accused of killing a large number of people.
The head of the village prayer tells you why the villagers suffered.
The 2017 census was Rajasthan’s.
Among other things, a 40 - year - old girl named Kanya Devi was struck and killed after being accused in the Ajmer Peninsula.
The Great Teacher and the Great Teacher
People accuse birds of their labor : the death of humans or animals, and the lack of plants and plants.
The attack on these women ( and some men ) was as cruel as a wild beast.
Sometimes the accusations and acts of miscarriage come from their relatives.
Some lived and told their story and fought for their ancestors.
Chutni Mahato of Saratika in Jharkhand eaten one of them.
People from the area referred to it as "tigress".
In the late 1990 ’ s, he had been a revolutionary opponent of women’s oppression in support of the State Security Council.
Chutni explains how a serious lack of support made it difficult for him to fight this immoral course.
The complimentary support of the monarchs and governments for the work here is done.
Nevertheless, I have suffered for this immoral act.
If someone came to me for help, I would be very supportive of him when he said in an interview.
Listening to the Roots
Mankind’s supremacy is not supported by the end of human exploitation.
Proponents of this controversy in order to compensate for governmental and intellectual disadvantages did not slow down the injustices.
What is best, the perfection of those who oppose this wicked course can come.
At prem Chand :
Efforts to eradicate pollution can follow the government’s policy of procrastination.
Similarly, experts need to pay attention before people do.
Reporters and residents of Jharkhand, B. Vijay Murty praised the victims.
Myanmar’s orphaned elephants
Ayeyar Maung receives food from a laborer. / Aung Kyaw Htet / The Irrawaddy
The Awake! article in The Irrawaddy Htet for The World War II in Myanmar was based on the cooperation agreement under World War II.
Ayeyar Sein, then, was seen by the forest officials in the nearness of the Irrawaddy Eighty Years.
One of your verses has hit the lives of the murderers.
An elephant - bearer in the Bago District was transported to the elephant - bearer’s home by the governor - general.
It was the eighth elephant to find safety in Wingibia, a place of refuge for the single Myanmar elephants.
Another elephant caught sight of Ayeyar Maung.
Prior to the crowd, the six - month - old elephant had strangled the cords.
And he was trapped among the stones in the same desert that we had seen in the Ayeyar Sein despite the others left behind.
Nevertheless, she was released by the presiding overseers and became a member of the gang last year.
Both are the youngest orphaned elephants of the colony ; the oldest elephants of the colony are eight years old.
All of them had a story or a story involving punishment by the hand of a forbearanceful human son.
Some do not see their flocks and their flocks becoming orphans after their parents were slaughtered by those who slaughtered the flocks.
The elephants who did not have a parent were in the womb of Wingibia with the daily feeding of newborn babies provided by the presiding overseers.
They were allowed to eat in the desolation in the morning and to swim in a small nearby stream before returning to the lake.
Myanmar has a peak of 1,500 elephants.
He eats the devastating thing because those who kill their life - threatening bodies do not want to live on an elephant.
Tobago’s debris demonstrates that there is no choice but to cope with social changes
The island's reefs are on "Bleaching Alert Level One"
Matt Kieffer, CC BY-SA 2. 0.
The coral reefs of the oceans are the largest inhabitants of the Tobago Civilization and the islands.
We are referring to the wildlife dwelling ( and the fishing grounds for hunting fishermen ) and the harbor protection that prevents strong winds from exceeding the boundaries.
The stone of Buccoo Reef, a well - known seafood - shaped seafood - shaped by tourists, is also a source of relief.
Following a report published by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA ) Coral Reef Watch — the subsoil of Tobago’s coral reef and the subsoil of Tobago’s coral reef to publish the full - scale proclamation of the Flood, ’ the island was viewed.
The floodwaters can flew to the second stage within a few weeks, causing the lives of the coral reefs to the other creatures and the islanders.
What exactly is the weakness?
A roommate and a coral reader are the water leaves that absorb nutrients and dissolve the body.
And these leaves will give the corals the strength needed for growth until this process is undermined by the water temperature.
If the water is too hot ( if it is too cold ), the soil will chop over the leaf of the water — and the hand that is wiping out it will be lost.
The blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade of the blade.
The first - century Deluge pronounces perfection if nothing is done to prevent the corals from falling into the clouds.
THE IMA recommended that naturalists and native people dig up the creatures of the waters for signs of deforestation in the mid - 20th and 12th centuries.
The second cycle would refer to the global coral reefs and the death of coral reefs.
Why so often?
Just as an environmentalist named Anjani Ganase described Tobago’s coral reef as a mountain heat — a part of the revolution.
In the frankincense Ganase, the ocean is a source of heat and water supply — especially such deep waters as the Caribbean Desert — of intense intensity.
In fact, the 12th - century NOAA Tobago extended this change to Lesser Antilles.
The area’s stones, such as Greater Antilles and Cuba,, are at Step 2 of the Advertising :
What is your body?
The danger lies in corals.
For the finishing of the salt gives food to the fish, and it stands like a house for the fish and for the sons of fish that are not yet able to swallow in the vast waters for this reason, so if lost, the fish will go with them.
If the fishermen were to get out of the sea, they would be able to catch their fishermen.
Tobago ; 40 percent of the island’s tourists come to visit these waters.
If the floodwaters do not see the coral reefs of the dollar, tourism will proliferate and bring hospitality to such facilities as : restaurants and restaurants for husbands and traveling agencies.
If a hurricane rises from the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the coral reefs of the sea.
Studies have confirmed that coral reefs cover 90 percent of Tobago’s shores along the rivers resulting from tsunamis.
At the Festival of Golden Stones in Icasit West Indies in the spring 2018, John Agard announced that this compliment would increase as storms multiply and soil rises.
What can be done to stop you?
Ganase claims that these uncontrolled water cycles are responsible for extracurricular fishing and pollution as the mouse responsible for the coral reefs of Tobago.
Only by continuing to thrive on the rulership and protection of the coral stone can they regain their stability and maturity :
A coral stone needs to be a commodity for the crowd so that the ransom can be reestablished by a healthy fish and a fresh water that will make it grow again.
Additional :
The responsibility to reduce pollution in the environment is equal to that of humankind to ask for advancement from governments to provide supplies and supplies that will be produced by means of pollution and pollution.
We need to control and control our resources, whether they are a government or a large corporation that uses these resources.
The local government has been commissioned to announce international responsibilities in the face of social change.
On December 11, 2009, Barbadia Mia Mottley, director of the United Nations headquarters in Geneva, encouraged giants to take decisive action against social change.
The Caribbean is spoken of at the right time for [ a ] life - threatening.
Ganase quickly adjusted the situation.
Everything he accepts to get the chick of his eye to the change and to the end of the coral reef is to be given to him, especially to the politicians :
As we look at it, there is no easy way out.
Traveling : Grandfather’s Exodus
The question for a passport is like a sacrifice for an honest person
Scenario by Natasha Sinegina (CC BY-SA 4.0 )
Roadblock by Jon Evans (CC BY 2.0 )
Photograph revision by Georgia Popplewell.
In the late 1920 ’ s, the French parishioner and the Nigerian parishioner were not given a passport to attend the European Parish Council in Edinburgh, UK.
The Great Britain’s General Assembly in Nigeria said that they had “ no guarantee ” that they would leave the UK behind at the end of the day.
The UK Home calls out the absence of a passport, and the lawless couple returned to Nigeria without having children.
During the month of the August 2020 Ages, UK travel officials refused to let a 24 - year - old girl get acquainted with the patients at the London School of Economics Summit.
Scientists who were trapped in lakes and who were perfectly equipped to cope with infectious diseases did not receive a passport that would help them to participate in a conference on “ the defense of infectious diseases. ”
‘ YOU won’t return! ’
The shamefulness of not allowing the adopted Son to enter certain cities is great — and it refers to the fearsome institution that supports the perfectionism of the adopted and rebellious sons to the point of apologizing.
Article 13 of the Worldwide Declaration of Jehovah’s Witnesses has every reason to leave — no matter what — to get to know and then to return — when it pleases him. ”
The fact is, if there is no passport and a useful passport, it is not easy to use.
The question of a passport in some countries is uncommon and uncommon in others.
At the top of the 2018 Henley Passport Index, Japan and Singapore, the easiest form of charitable planning is at the base of Angola, Egypt and Haiti.
Read more : ‘ No Books of Books : No musicians in the US find no passport for the festivals in Tanzania
Kenya’s father - in - law Ciku Kimeria gives the explanation of homelessness to the book of citizenship.
The woman said that the authenticity of the passport does not take people to another destination because you have to answer such questions as ‘ Why are we here? ’
if the border staff are not satisfied with the answers, a traveler may find himself at the front door.
For sweethearted travelers, asking for a passport is like offering a sacrifice for a hungry god.
The World Voice Ruler ( Yoobai’s son ) relates his experience when he asked for a passport from Lisbon, Portugal for the 2018 Creative Commons Summit :
I was overwhelmed by the good news that I had received and was going to talk about the program at theCC Conference in Lisbon for the next year....
By the end of August 18, 2009, I placed all the passport requirements for Lisbon so that I could participate in the conference at the VFS Global office in Lekki, Lagos.
From 9 to 11 years since 2018, the conference will take 15 days for passport production.
The first time I left home for Portugal, I had not received my passport back home
Twelve days after the conference ended with a thornbush, I obtained my passport in VFS.
The hearts of the wheat are healed by the wheat.
One problem involves the lack of a passport and the overwhelming cost of travel because it is difficult to attend a convention.
My heart was overwhelmed by the emptiness of the Great Bank of Nigeria, which did not send money to the ocean ; I was not able to return the necessary mortgage to those who owned money.
I was devastated by the imperfections of my brothers and sisters as by the freedom to associate with my brothers.
I was stunned!
The problem : Small children who are traveling in a rural area
It was difficult for a neighbor to make a journey out of the neighboring Land — but it was also difficult to make it.
Countless native peoples of the Northern Hemisphere can travel to the northern Hemisphere without a passport or a relatively small town, where there is a need for a passport to travel to half the other peoples.
The World Voice Translator of Nigeria’s Rosemary Different depicts the boys traveling in the middle of the country :
I was thrilled because we were perfectly satisfied with the needs and connections of the children’s peers when they asked for a passport.
I was not as distracted by this as by the struggle of the adventurous children who were traveling through the wilderness.
At RightsCon in Tunis, and GlobalFact in Cape Town, I asked the Neighbors if they needed a passport.
During our vacation, I had to admire a Nigerian journalist at GlobalFact because he had no passport.
It should not be said of the seductive babies who fled the confines before they could enter Tunis.
During the past month, I served as a traveling companion from the Far East, asking for a passport to enter Nigeria, asking him to provide an authoritative résumé that would be delivered at the airport!
As Rosemary put it, a journey through the border takes a long journey from the border to the middle of the border.
At the Accra airline conference sponsored by the International Airport Programme ( IATA ) in the months of the Neo - president of Ghana, Physician Mahamudu Bawumia was deeply moved by the “ ideal businessman for a two - day journey from Freetown [Sierra Leone ] to Banjul ( by means of the third source for a less than one hour’s journey ). ”
The airplane plummeted with huge amounts of money in the middle of the Arctic Circle.
Is perfection possible for the Granddaughter not to return home?
Canary Islands peacekeeping in 2006
Drawing by Noborder Network. (CC BY 2.0 )
In the mid - 1990 ’ s, immigrants from the suburbs of the South Desert City succeeded in conquering Syria as the world’s most populated city.
Millions of natural disasters are fleeing the city because of hunger and turmoil in search of inheritance or wildlife in North America or Europe.
According to the Pew Report for 2018, the number of immigrants from the Southern Desert City increased by 50 or more in the mid - 2010 and 2017 compared by 17 per cent worldwide at the same time. ”
The delegates from the Southern Desert City are moving around the globe.
In 2014, some 170,000 unlawed husbands traveled across the Mediterranean to the coast of Italy.
He was from the Southern Desert Cities.
In the month of September 2018, the Brazilian police officer, a 25 - year - old man from the Southern Desert City, was in the Atlantic for a month.
In the mid - 1990 ’ s, U.S. Conservation and Security of the US Center in Del Rio, Texas USA, penetrated 500 children from the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Angola, sailing through the Rio Grande River into the USA.
Various reports have impressed him on the extreme poverty of the Middle East as well as on the battlefront of Marie-Laurence Flahaux and Hein De Haasín of the Oxford IFASIT and Amsterdam IFASIT in general.
Flahaux and De Haas do not have to contend with the crowd’s assumption of mankind’s inhabitants as well as their own houses and their owners.
The research commission concluded that the excellence of geographical migrations did not occur regularly but was due to the principle of development and social change that promotes the migration of the Neighborhood — one that is more than the migration from other parts of the world.
Nameless news is often triggering the rule of traffic :
Unless a traveler has sufficient guidance to obtain a passport, he is perfectly determined not to return to his homeland.
It is not easy to blind unadulterous people to the bad name that has been pronounced in the Adulterous Land.
The only roadship for all the peoples of the Great Depression in the Great Depression — not enough literature for all the peoples of the Great Depression.
The Single African Air Transport Market (SAATM ) and the Continental Free Trade Agreement, which had been refined for the past year, still have been refined.
At this critical time, like the Son of mankind, travel is encouraged by the exciting experience experienced by those traveling abroad — or by shopping in the unknown borders of the Great Land.
This requires a sacrifice and requires a sacrifice.
During the midst of the Nigerian congress, rumors and mockings were broadcast by the robbery
A riotous blade runs out on a machine during a election
President’s election of December 28, 2015, as the March 3, 2005, issue of Awake!, Nigeria.Draw from the Ministry of transportation to the United States, Nigeria / Idika Onyopoe [ governing : The absence of alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial alluvial life. ]
This was the headline of a two - story campaign of hatred and slander in Nigeria during its 2020 election
You can read the second part of the report.
By March 23, 2020, the Nigerians obtained elections for the new president and consort.
The two aristocratic electors, the president of the priesthood, won a 15 - winning victory over his aristocratic successor, at the base of the 56 - 41".
Sworn oaths for the second half century B.C.E. 29 months fifth - and - fifth.
Read : #Nigeria Decides2019 : All you need to know about this year’s round election
At the same time, he did everything he agreed to make a declaration of the election, which did not go unnoticed.
Uncontrolled hatred, animosity, and unrighteous reports are like a parchment in a twisted platform on the Twitter square.
Yellow Hatred in Nigeria
Various groups — some 250 and 500 languages — have at one time been a source of uncertainty rather than contentment.
This indicates that during the elections, politicians used extremists to declare elections.
Thro the history of the Netherlands, hatred did not go unfulfilled.
Read to it : Nigeria : Fighting extreme ethnic hatred — face - to - face and face
During the 2015 election, for example, the Twitter square in Nigeria became a bitter and competitive center for the supporters of the two contests, Goodluck Jonathan (PDP, son after Kríd, who belonged to the Ijaw ) and Benjamin Benjamin ( APC, Mo Mo Mo Mountaino Fulani ).
Twitter became a tool for mass hate and a tool for many politicians.
Some look forward to the summer of 2018 because they have witnessed the massive development of the United Nations ( APC ) and the political development of the People’s Democratic Republic (PDP ), both of whom have been victims of the Hausa, Fulani the Great Depression.
Their peasants — The Holy Spirit of the Holy Spirit ( APC ) and Peter Obi ( Pdd ), the Divine Spirit of the Holy Spirit — are descendants of the false gods.
It resembles a reincarnation of the authenticity of the authenticity of the authenticity of the authenticity of the authenticity of the authenticity of the authenticity.
Everything about Nigeria’s politics clothed in 2017 two years before a thriving election caused political disapproval.
The riots of Biafra Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB8), the coalition of the northeastern coalition of the Nigerian coalition of Nnamdi Kanu, contributed to the frightening conflict.
Consider : Increased hatred by the Nigerian lawbreakers
The wilderness of northern Nigeria led to the southern portion of the nomadic herdsmen fighting against the deer.
Fellowshippers conspicuously “ compelled the Fulani shepherds of the Epidemic to the south like an act from ’Sanhedrin.
According to Amnesty International, the Nigerian government’s attempt to investigate violent attacks caused the deaths of some 4,000 people from 2015 to 2018.
From here onward, racism continues to rise before the president’s election of 1919.
His disobedience allowed the news to be broadcast — face - to - face and on - face — during elections.
votes and concubines in Nigeria
The number of mobile devices in Nigeria jumped from 98.3 by 2017 to 100.5 by 2018
Facebook lies at the top of the National Park of Nigeria, with 22 billions of users and YouTube stadiums ( 7,000 and more ) next to the Twitter ( tens of thousands ) and Instagram ( tens of thousands of 5.7).
Among the 84 voters subscribing to the 2019 National elections — 51 percent — are 18 and 35 percent and 30 percent are 36 and 50 percent
Both of these early days were the most famous of the Nigerian motorists, who had an electrician and an electrician mechanic.
As a result, it is not surprising that a large square has been devastated by the 2018 election campaign.
As a result, he found it difficult to keep up - to - date news during the elections last year.
Not surprising news will be the proclaiming of the true good news by the supporters of the two most influential politicians in the country of Nigeria : The All Progressive Congress ( APC ) and the Democratic Republic of the People ́s Democratic Party (DP). )
According to a peacemaking observation that took place between the 28th month 2018 and the 29th month 2018 and the 21st and the 21st and the 21st and the 21st and the 21st and the 21st centuries B.C.E. and the 21st and the 21st centuries B.C.E. and the 21st centuries B.C.E. and the 21st centuries B.C.E.
These observations were scattered from the earthly scene at this time.
When it is said of the fearsome news of the APC politicians, Obi is disturbed by the restoration of the Upper Mountains while he is in high positions as the province of Anambra, in the southeastern part of the isthmus of Nigeria.
The twins spread throughout the fields claiming that the Yoruba people were embracing the traders of the Eblaites in Lagos, and the news will be considered in the second half of this essay.
Scenario : Thwitt of Festus Keyamo
Picture : Secret of the background of the painting of Keyamo Tari.
For example, a picture is used improperly.
rainfall in the railway between 1999 and 2015
Thro the ‘ Time of the End, ’ the railway lines are awakening back to the earth. ”
Next to a full - cost version in the Arabic ( Picture ) that was released in the month, a Nigerian - speaking Twitter user followed the slide to a full - scale Arab ( Picture ).
The painting came from the perfectionist TWITH in Lebanon.
Keyamo’s reaction was to show the supremacy of Buddhism that he had taken steps to repair the railways that had been abandoned by the government.
All of you can be confused by another slide that he used to make progress.
Scenario : Abhorrence of prejudice
Picture : El-Rufai apologizes more “ for causing trouble ” in the artwork.
Ethnic hatred sprang up during the final elections and during the final elections.
A rebellious twinti ( Picture ) Bashir El-Rufai,, a State official, said that the tribe of Yahweh was the victim of the fiery fury caused by the Nigerian Cold War.
In the mid - 1970 ’ s, Nigeria fought a bitter war in Biafra, a city of Ibi in the southeastern part of the country that planned to be separated from the Nigeria regime.
Nevertheless, as Bashir El-Rufai pointed out about the outcome of the 2020 election, which has been won by your peasants is to be viewed as a “ vengeance ” from the latter part of the Hausa, Fulani.
He then apologizes after being kissed for further trouble as shown in the Picture.
Similarly, he brought down the twisted speech ( Picture 3 )
Controversy over elections is divided in two categories : Controversy and controversy.
Miroslav Tudjman and Nives Mikelic,, printers of the cafeteria of Zagreb, Croatia,, uncovered the incomplete news of the protrusions for misleading people. ”
The purpose of spreading the news as the truth is to spread misleading and distorted news.
Tudjman and Mikelic pointed out that the spread of the news was far more subtle than the spread of the story to mislead or mislead it.
Because the media are changing one’s attitude toward one’s behavior through one of the most prolonged or the most prolonged acts of human behavior during the prolonged period.
For political purposes and the transformation of the mind, such a method of broadcasting tends to disrupt part or imperfection of the news.
Frightened by the 2020 election because of the news and the broadcasting of newspapers, there is a void of insecurity that leads to frightening ends of elections. ’
The second part of this essay will examine how this occurred on a hectic scale, especially on the Twitter Square, with a number of examples.
This article is part of a series of optimistic journals featuring the use of high - tech mechanisms, such as high - tech biotechnology and high - tech reports during the necessary political periods of seven countries in the Great Depression : Algeria, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
This special campaign was supported by Africa Digital Rights Fund and The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa ( CIPESA ).
In Kenya and Ethiopia, these men came to see a ‘ divinely inspired painting ’ to dry the hole below the earth
Both men spoke favorably of God
The hole on the Dunbar Peninsula of southern Ethiopia that Mohamed Yiso Banatah dried out through the hole without any use.
Allah commissioned him to cleanse God’s house for the marriage arrangement.
Drawings by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein were used by permission.
On February 26, BBC Swahili carried out an exhibition depicting Francisco Ouma,, an elder from Busia, east of Kenya, who sounded God’s voice to dry the hole at the bottom of the world.
The vision is based on a map he sees in the eyes of your dreams.
From the second month of 19607 onward, Ouma has followed a heavenly direction that has taken over your dream.
Today, the crater below has a 24 - room room and is on the move.
A sculpture depicting Francis Ouma, with God’s voice to dry up a hole below the earth with 24 bedrooms on BBC Swahili / Instagram.
From the centuries to the centuries, such dreams as these threaten the mental health of a person who has seen sight in a dream have proved to be no guarantee of all eternity.
The descendants of the Jewish Orthodox and Orthodox ministers had witnessed to a generation from God’s invisible dreams for thousands of years.
“ GOD showed me about a map, ” Ouma told BBC Swahili.
At the time, while I was looking around, I followed the slide.
Not only did I hide but it was better to hide at all.
Both plowshares and trunks were used to straighten the Ouma slopes that made it difficult for her to dig down.
The prince saw where he would bring the image of the crater right below the corner of the corner of God’s heart to fulfillment.
In a prison he had a stone on which Jesus was inscribed.
The one who brought this news to me was Jesus Christ, who told Ouma and explained it to me just as he did to Moses.
Ouma perfectly accepts her restoration to the earth with another covenant from God.
The second stage is moving forward.
This is the supreme stage of the covenant.
The other is on the move.
I don’t know exactly what he will eat now because if I call on him, I can devour the human race.
As a result, I will wait for the disaster if the time arrives for Ouma to say to BBC Swahili.
BBC Swahili’s pornography has been viewed for 50,000 times with more than 100 responses.
On the other hand, as some say about the mental disabilities of those who struggle with God’s voice in dreams, many of God’s people are responding favorably to a vision of dreams.
Instagram profiles :
The Power of Revelation
To me people, I am more impressed than to those who have come to the house of worship with God’s help for the year 52 — shouldn’t your neighborhood and the government know it?
He does not even require assistance for the tractor or money for your labor.
Mohamed Yiso Banatah, from May 2012, explained the beautiful dream that Allah had set before him in a dream of cleansing God’s house for marriage.
Drawing by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein.
House of God for the marriage arrangement in Ethiopia
In southern Ethiopia, a resemblance comes from an elderly man named Mohamed Yiso Banatah, who by the year 33 B.C.E. appeared to Allah in dreams of the tenth century C.E.
In the eyes of the dreams, he sounded a loud voice to dry up God’s house for the marriage arrangement at the bottom of the ground.
Down the Dunbar Hole is known as the basement of God’s house near Banatah, halfway from Hawassa and Shashamene.
In his third dream, Banatah spoke perfectly and found the pattern for these buildings of God.
The complete collection of Banatah’s dreams can be read at the end of the day and the length of the day for your life here :
In the twilight dreams of the 1970 ’ s, a man took Mohamed to a small tree in your garden and pointed to your wound.
The man set out where the excavation would be done and told him that the excavation would be done.
In the midst of his life, he saw gold.
The vicinity of the vicinity of the vicinity of the vicinity of the vicinity.
We point out where, when, and how.
On the other hand, when he was on the earth, he wandered through his arms alone without the use of plowshares.
The hole at the bottom of the sun’s hole in you has become a small, expensive hole for mankind to have a six - mile [ 5,000 km ] east of the hole.
Some marriages have been arranged locally.
These excavations revealed the mental and emotional well - being of Mohamed — he spent countless hours cleaning and decorating all the fringes of the rooms and walls of the cisterns and the sand - shaped altar in the fringes of other rooms with sunset - shaped windows.
From ancient times, the hole at the bottom of the earth has been regarded as the figurative place of the spirits.
The holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings of the holy writings.
In your midst is the story of a religious fanatic known as The Crater of Stones, in which peasants escaped for disobedience and searched for a stone hole.
When he woke up, he returned home and noticed the extravagance of all citizens.
Why is Donald Trump famous in Nigeria?
Trump in southern Nigeria
President Donald Trump returned to the White House in Washington late September 19, 2018
Drawing by Samira Bouaou/The Epoch Times CC BY 2.0.
President Donald Trump has been a victorious victim in the eyes of people around the world because of his laws and the way he exercises his foreign - language sovereignty — a victorious victor in the Netherlands.
On the other hand, the Pew Research Centre’s survey revealed a dramatic impact on the preservation of trumpet globalization by the Native Americans ’ philosophy of the Holocaust.
At the head of a telescope and eye interview, Gallup — the perfectionist and consultant company in Washington, DC gathered the answers to Pew’s peoples ’ peer poll.
Nigeria’s fifth position in the world’s five globalization is highlighted by a Tweepsmap exhibition based on trumpet slide :
Nigeria’s authoritative mother - in - law Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani expounded the world on a BBC telescope program that promoted trump’s appearance as “ a strong man ” and caused the most densely populated citizens of the country to reach their peak :
People overreact to your aggressive behavior and rejoice in your speechlessness.
The Americans saw him as a special man.
Your behavior is out of harmony with the world.
He is not the one who claims to eat.
We are not new to the kind of headship that he chooses to be unkind.
As a result, your behavior is not as detrimental as the Americans see it.
Another reason is religion.
Children in front of Trump
Cheta Nwanzeye, chief researcher of SBM Intelligence, told the World Voice :
He showed me where this inspection was conducted in Nigeria.
I made sure that it did not cover the southern side of the Nigerian border that described the Nigerian admonition to Trump.
Many of your lovers look up at him as a good model.
Nigeria has a population of some 200 inhabitants of the two major religions of the common people : Religions of Acceptance and Perseverance.
Pressure and Obedience caused 50 and 48 percent of the population of Nigeria.
The principle of the study revealed the closeness of the State’s decree and distribution of people into the area. ”
For safety reasons, however, there were no voices of Adamwa, Borno, and the Yobe province in northeastern Nigeria.
Nigeria has a 774,000 embassy ruler and a half - ruler.
Near East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East East and East East East East.
According to Nwanze, the majority of Pew Research studies have been conducted by Protestants in southern Nigeria.
The survey also revealed that there were hundreds of thousands of children in the United States who supported Kríst, Nigeria, as a better city ( 69) than the U.S. ).
Following the murder of Iran’s General Qasem Soleimani,, a police chief issued a self - declaration throughout the northern kingdom of Nigeria in order to destroy the border.
The Nigerian Crusaders describe the death of a gunsman from above by the US killing Soleimani as a warrior to the Generation. ’
trump has been described as “ one of the world leaders of our era with a strong heart ”
Nevertheless, many Nigerians complained about Trump.
Twitter became a counterfeit news field during the 2018 election in Nigeria
Racial Hate and False News spread on Twitter
Diagram from Nwachaba Egbunike
This is the second section of a two - fold report on the horror of racism, counterfeit news, and spread during the 2018 election campaign in Nigeria.
You can read the first part.
In the midst of Nigeria, a massive social network swept across the globe where tensions and disagreements flourished as in the midst of elections.
During the 2015 2015 elections, Nigeria entered into a battle and battle between the two most hoped - for supporters of the world, Goodluck Jonathan ( victim of victim of victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to victim to vic
Thewiter became a tool for the spread of racism and political hatred.
The election of 2018 will be a special year.
On the 15th day of the month, Unlimited Newspapers (RSF ) filed a census featuring the propaganda corrupted by counterfeit news.
The Nigerian peoples expressed similar sentiments.
Journalist Abdulbaqi Jari laments :
False news and politics in the South
A 2020 study by Dani Madrid-Morales of Huston’s High Court and Herman Wasserman of Cape Town’s high court concluded that in Nigeria, Kenya, and South Africa, politicians are bombarded with false reports and false reports.
Falsely Reports of social media, especially during election campaigns, foster confusion among those who use social media because this is the site of the world’s most popular social media.
My study of ethnic differences between 28th and September 2018 and 29th B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. and the August 2013 B.C.E. B.C.E. and the August 2013 B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E.
Falsely Controversy
Peter Obi,, assistant of Atiku Abubakar, rival of the politically - minded ( PDP ), faced the threat of false news during the last election.
Obi served as a governor in the province of Anigra in southeastern Nigeria.
A Web site that supports the proclamation of dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog dog.
Scenario : A beautiful painting from the Coalition of201 - Osibanjo Movement accusing parents of ‘ transferring ’ the north to their homeland.
The Blurb : A Twinight from the nasir El-Rufia
The governor of the province and the prince of the imperial statesman Nasir El-Rufai, exerted this charge in a profoundly insurmountable way ( Atonement 2 ) that Obi is a distinguishing man. ”
Those words did not lead to the succession of the president.
Read : A governor in Nigeria welcomes a foreign government : Don’t go back to your hometown.
What exactly happened?
The Vanguard magazine was well - adjusted in the month of August 2013, 67 - year - old Nigerian immigrants who returned from Lagos and were abandoned to the same location in the renowned Upper Iweka" in Onitsha, Anambra State.
This attitude was described by the ancient governor of the province of Anigra, who was “ a violation of the lawlessness and the lawlessness of the people of the people who became the opinions of their townsmen. ”
In the wake of the bitter rage caused by this mobbing, the Premium Times concluded :
In 2011 he drove young apologists back to the territory of Ebonyi and Akva Ibom, in the southern border of Nigeria.
Résumé : Túwitt from the hand of Jubril A.
When Obi returned customers to the suburbs of Southern Nigeria, the North was not threatened with the blame for the misuse of Twitter’s supportive coalition of Bulgaria’s Osinbajo Movement (At’á ).
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?
Using this counterfeit news to lure a competitor under the flags of the tens of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands.
For example, the successful successor, Jubril Gawat, appointed the principal helper of the Governor on the new generation phonograph ( Attention ) a vote for a contestant attorney of Atiku Abubakar “ eaten a vote for the Society’s people ”!
Nigeria is a very thriving country.
Politics exerted this controversy as a cure during the election because it was necessary to divide people into “ we ” divisions.
Therefore, it is urgent that the accusation of deporting the North to their homeland violate the persecution that has prolonged between the tribes of Ignacio and the Hausa, who caused the Nigerian Civil War.
Their objective, based on the propaganda of false news, was to expose him as a activist to the Biafran family.
Three - year - long civil war between 1967 and 1970.
As a result, he was eager to use the account in the 3rd Index, which says that Atiku had stolen a dead body of ethnic hatred perpetrated between the Hausa and Ibi.
During the 2018 election, this meant that Atiku belonged to the advocate of Ibi, who at one time tried to separate from Nigeria’s advocates.
The accounts in the paragraphs 1 to 3 show strong motives to steal the long and lasting delinquency of both sides.
According to UNESCO, fraudulent reports have influenced “ the lowest risk of injury ” and have turned them into boisterous and distorted reports. ”
An anti - racist campaign puts enormous prejudice in the hearts of the apologists and turns them into fraudulent reports.
The rumor that the Yoruba people were actively involved in verbal attacks in Lagos
The bottom line : A Túwitt [ from Twitter and disappeared ] depicting from Chioma’s hand depicting the Yoruba propaganda in Lagos.
Similarly, its supporters used this prologue to win more votes than others in Lagos.
Accounts 4 and 5 depict the painting of Tuwitt in the hands of an alphabetist who claims that the Yoruba people in Lagos have been burning in flames.
The reports threatened the Lagos State Police and quickly revealed the truth to kill you.
A page page of Facebook that uses all the materials in the accompanying picture 4 and the accompanying section of the story with the burning tires.
African Check suggests that the accompanying picture depicts an event on April 24, 2017, in the South African suburb of Pretoria.
The Bible’s Viewpoint
A quest to live up to the political thinking
On the 13th day, Souljah’s Thwitary user Ballard Partners,, who served as the secretary of an Alukoro agency in Washington DC,, announced the striking proclamation of the U.S. Armageddon as the U.S. Armageddon was foreshadowed by a prelude that foreshadowed the defeat of the rivals under the influence of pop opponents.
On February 5, Brian Ballard,, president of Ballard Partners, published the full - fledged Saraki, edition of the Assyrians ’ campaign.
The Souljah’s twins spread around thousands of people, and thousands of people responded to the dividing of the twins for reasons to remain silent.
The day of the election for president was set forth until 16th of the month of Etrus ( postponed to 23rd of Etrus ), when tens of thousands of opponents were spared the results of the investigation that occurred on the last five days of the election.
Consider : Nigeria postponed the preliminary elections for the year from the year 2018 to the hour of elections because of organizational procedures and procedures
Subject Index : Souljah TWITH A TWITHER
According to the 13th anniversary of the Ballard Partners World War II, the results of the poll have been unexpected ( Atonement 7 ), which describes you as a fraud and confirms your reasons for not doing any poll for alphabetic allies.
Ose Anenih, proclaimed accusations among the APC - headed Thwítah’s analysts of the findings to the channels of the Nigerian militia and the INEC supervision for “ crime and lawlessness ” who attempt to interfere effectively with elections...
This, however, was not a time when false reports would be used to bring political conclusions to the fore during the election.
The analogy : A beautiful painting from the Ballard and Partners, which exposes them to false research, suggests that it was done.
Hundreds of thousands of president’s helper
Read : Lauretta Onochie, — A Twinette by Lauretta Onochie, by Lauretta Onochie,, president’s helper
On April 4, 2018, Lauretta Onochie,, who served as a helper to Harry [ the rival of the state of affairs at the time ] at the exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exquisite exhibition. ]
The same is true of Onochie’s accusations. In fact, in a public place that is not related to the “ revolution, ” the picture is presented in the “ Yearly Epoch for 2017′′ before Chuba Ugwu sheds light on this in your reply.
Onochie has reviewed over 1,000 images that Onochie has distributed on Twitter between June 1, May 2018, and May 31, May 2018, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31, and May 31.
Worldwide Opposition : peasants in Nigeria
Article 26 of the Nigerian law on homosexuality condemns struggles and abusive speech in behalf of their religious tribes, their ancestors, or their ancestors.
Those affected by the crown pay $28,000 ] or both.
In the February of this year, Enough is Enough in Enough Nigeria ( EIE ), a collection of peasants and Paradigm Initiative (PI ), a coalition of law - enforcement officials and advocates, introduced the Onochie and the God - fearing Guard of the province of Cogi to the eighth of the Society’s House in Damascus.
Both organizations launched a combination of the Onochie and God’s waters of global opposition to violate the Nigerian law on globalization 2015
Read more : How will the 2018 Nigeria president’s election be organized?
An assembly of Twitter warriors making concubines
Many of the examples quoted above are not unrealistic, but they deliberately try to make a comparison as if it were true.
This is not surprising, for it is not surprising that APC and PDP have become powerful warriors in an effort to bring about a catastrophic catastrophe on earth or to “ defend ” in the face of election campaigns.
Both were used to conquer the world’s ideals ” — government officials or politicians who have been given the power to influence the city’s mental powers to change their views on the world.
This year’s election is 2015 amendment, where APC and PDP have played a part in the spread of fraudulent news and propaganda campaigns in an effort to fulfill political ideology “ carefully planned to lure unsuspecting voters ” by Eshemokha Austin Maho,, a Nigerian author of propaganda and propaganda.
This has been accomplished by “ the unreliable distribution of terrorist attacks and the unreliable spread of political propaganda ” by “ the unreliable distribution of terrorist attacks and terrorist attacks. ”
As a result of their efforts, Twitter became a counterfeit news field and a campaign to fulfill political views before the elections and after the elections for the year 29 in Nigeria.
This essay is part of a series of scripts that glorify self - injury by such methods as the execution of the post office and counterfeit news during the momentous political event in the seven Great Deities : Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda and Zimbabwe.
It is sponsored by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa ( CIPESA ).
Adultery receives hundreds of thousands of dollars from the Great Bank for Free and Free Human Rights
Voluntary Voluntary Voluntary Voluntary Voluntary Voluntary Voluntary Voluntary Voluntary Voluntary
At the CAX vacation program in Cairo, Egypt, 2018 Dbanj told a good businessman that the “ freedom of oil from the brain ” and that it deserves praise.
Thro history, organizations that promote culture and entertainment have been accomplishing much in terms of economic development and the ability to bring about social and cultural changes.
From 2013 to 2013, the CCI ) found tens of thousands of dollars from the U.S. National Fund, 250 dollars from the U.S. National Fund, and tens of thousands of 29.5 worldwide [ 299 % ] of these services from the Far East and the Far East to the Far East to the Far East as the U.S.
As a result, the World Trade Center ( Afreximbank ), the UNESCO project, and the World Trade Center ( CDC ), set up an edition of the International Trade Center, the Creative Exchange of Africa (CAX ), which serves as a multitude of productive and productive products in the fertility industry.
The CAX appeared in 2018 at the Grand Market in Cairo, Egypt, in 2018
Voluntary volunteers from the orchestra glorify the work of artists, artists, artists, artists, artists, artists, and artists represent the Holidays of Free Booths in Uganda at the date 1618 of the first month of the Year of 2020
He glorified himself like a celebrating festival that gathers the elite peasants, promoting interchange between the elite peasants and the traditional peasants of the Great Deity, with some 2,000 concubines from the Great Deity 68,000.
On the second day of the ceremony, Benedict Oramah, president of the World Trade Center ( Afreximbank ) announced a collection of 500 dollars ( U.S. ) to support the publications and traditions and markets of the World Trade Center for two years in New Times Rwanda.
Omarah presented it to the guests at the ceremony in the presence of the relief funds that would contribute to the prosperity and prosperity of the institution in which it would be used.
He described the magnitude of the Great Depression and the lack of a device that would allow for the reaping of pearls, as explained by the Afreximbank.
It adds :
Because of the inactivity of the industrial industry and the culture of the Arctic Circle, there is no mental - health market and excessive interaction as depicted in the world’s poetic and entertainment programs.
Landowners are more likely to import or import goods than those sold abroad or within their own borders.
He honored Egypt for its “ free sea development during the past decade. ”
In the month of September 2020, Afreximbank was awarded the award at the International Fashion Awards International Assembly in Cairo for its contribution to the prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious property.
Omarah likewise gave commendation to the Nigerian Nollywood Drama.
At the Twitter square, the actors at the conference expressed their appreciation for the assembly held at the Intare hall in Kigali :
At the CAX 2018 vacation feast in Cario, son - in - law of the peasants of the Netherlands D'Banj told the workers of the National Park and the merchant :
What is needed from your peers is for you to understand the perfection of the oil that is seduced by the mind and that deserves praise to the authority.
The CAX B.C.E. and the CAX 2020 B.C.E. will be fueled by the IATF2020) International Market Exhibition from 1-7 B.C.E. and the 9th B.C.E.
Widespread cooperation in Nigeria contributes to the marking of the World War II by 2020
Radio — an indefinable and portable means of growth.
A man carries a long - distance sound system with him, taken by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma ́aji, who has access toCC BY 2.0.
The New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures and the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, is the most important part of the world in history.
The Yoruba decree to dignify the owner of the crown prompted the World Health Organization ( UN UNESCO ) to celebrate the 13th month of Easter as the World Health Organization.
UNESCO was amazed to open people’s eyes to the life - style influence of a sound system — an indiscriminate and portable one.
From the day of the psalms to the world’s sound system to the world’s sound system and to promote the world’s high - tech development of the sound system.
THE media is changing the way things are done, and the broadcasting system is still the most useful for millions of people to spread news and news is still the most effective tool in all the media for its ability to reach deeper and depths of landscapes, says Professor George Bako article in his publication at the Assembly Hall of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
George Bako spoke at the World Peace Summit in Lagos, Nigeria.
A picture from the son of Jóobabiah that was permitted to use.
FR CN — also known as Radio Nigeria — is the foremost feature of the sound system in the Nigerian border with massive donors scattered throughout the State of Lagos on the Web site www.jw.org www.jw.org www.jw.org www.jw.org www.jw.org www.jw.org www.jw.org www.jw.org
This Web site — with its adherents and adherents — uses the English - language language language of the Great Teacher and the Chinese - language language language of the Holy Scriptures.
The best source of news broadcasts in Nigeria remains the sound system. FM ( Transformer broadcast ) is the most widely distributed AM ( medium - size broadcast ), as is the media Landscape Center of the European Journalism Centre — and the world’s broadcasts have become popular.
In 2019, Nigeria’s Diary Radio Stations Ratings of the August showed that Bond FM took the lead in the State of Education as the most widely distributed Web site.
At the ceremony, broadcasts throughout Nigeria announced their presentation to the radio :
Dan Manjang, ruler for the Photo - Drama and the Plateau Propaganda in general for the effort and timetable of the campaigns and campaigns :
In the mid - 1930 ’ s, the Nigerian broadcast grew as a result of the modern - day history of the Amnesty International ( RDS ) radio broadcasts on public speakers, where people would listen to the foreign news of the British Broadcasting Office.
In the late 1950 ’ s, RDS introduced a new clothing — the National Library of Human Rights ( NBS ) — and the National Library of Human Rights ( NBC ), the National Library of Human Rights ( NBC ), and the National Library of Human Rights ( NBC ).
The Nigerian National Radio released in 1939 B.C.E.
According to Legit’s massive news agency, it was the site that appeared in 1949.
Legit explains that RayPower FM, was the first private radio broadcast in the late 1990 ’ s in Nigeria and that by the late 2007 ’ s, broadcasts were broadcasting worldwide.
radios have acted like a warning tool for those in positions of jurisdiction to corruption laws and a provision of publicity that will have a profound effect on the people.
In 2020 the National Socialism Council ( NBC ) shut off African Independent Television and RayPower FM because of improperly producing publications against the government.
Likewise, Jay FM, who was in Port Harcourt, was murdered after being accused of State opposition.
Radio Nigeria produced a self - advertising campaign of tens of thousands of years ’ exhibition and organized radio broadcasts around the globe for World War II
Drawing by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma ́aji, obtained permission to use it according to the law CC BY 2.0.
Radio broadcasting and promotion
UNESCO encouraged all towns to celebrate the World Translation of the Holy Scriptures by establishing social programs with private and informal agencies around the world.
The 14th class of this year is entitled World War I...
The Nigerian rock - mass radio is awakening the influx of your meditation on the lives of people and the interdependence of the enlightening and humiliating system that fosters the influx of the peoples and peoples of Nigeria.
This applies to a time when divisions and divisions result from the political instability of the Netherlands.
The simplified City percent put Nigeria in the 14th place in the world by 9th in the Adulterous Land.
From the year 2011 2011 on, Boko Haram,, a Protestant activist in the Near East, Nigeria, has placed fear in the hearts of the people and the uncertainty of the death - dealing effects of violent attacks that have led to the mass destruction of the masses.
Read more : Nigeria : City that failed — truthfulness or discernment?
Moving forward to the development of the Nigerian Empire, the authorities of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs launched a worldwide campaign to mark the Nobel Peace of the World until 2020
The 1,200 high - sound competition focused on my goal of broadcasting the radio to high - school literature.
The headlines of the magazine produced a 5th - century phenomenon that focused on the key phenomenon for the fulfillment of the goals of stability.
The champion of the symphony of the Mater Christi Catholic Girls ’ High Schoolstuck of the Second State Memorial brought him to the memorial of the dramatic reaction of the radio at the age of 5 :
It seemed that I was only 5 years old when I compiled on my cell phone.
I printed and illuminated mystery of your own authority.
I was amazed to hear the sound of this box, and I thought it was a perfect man.
A slave came to me and asked my father what he ate and explained the radio to me.
On the day of the 12th month, there were high - tech and broadcasts and broadcasts in the media and radio broadcasts in Lekki Coliseum in Lagos for a conference to discuss the importance of the sound system for growth.
On the day of the 12th month, there were high - tech and broadcasts and broadcasts in the media and radio broadcasts in Lekki Coliseum in Lagos for a conference to discuss the importance of the sound system for growth.
A picture from the grandson of Joab obtained permission to use it.
At the end of the day, aristocratic representatives of the Great Teacher Gani Adams, President of the Great Teacher, and other visitors gathered at Lekki Coliseum for a reception and the celebration of the Great Teacher.
Adults, such as Cordelia Okpei and others, joined in the ceremony.
The industriousness and worshipfulness of the people to whom he was approaching were marked.
The final phase of the program was at the threshold of a pole to invite obedient calls to the peasants, where people were directed to say perfectly “ Death of the World Translation of the Holocaust ” in different languages and tongues :
The sound of the World Voice appeared on the reception site of Metro 97.7FM.
The “ Photo - Drama ” will be celebrated year by year by year by 2020 and will be celebrated year by year by year by year by hundreds of producers and radio broadcasters.
The chief hopes that the Yoruba people will welcome you as a ‘ victim ’ of your son’s murder
Will the new Yoruba codex ever be used in the future?
The Chief Sovereign stood by the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition.
The painting was chosen by the Chief of Churches.
After the worldwide proclamation of the Year of the International Language in 2018 and the Declaration of the 2022-2032, the majority of citizens of the Republic of Macedonia have responded to a special campaign toward the development of the languages of the Republic of Macedonia.
The use of Latin pronunciation for the Yoruba language would be the result of a sweeping tick in which the Caiaphas presided before the Emperor of the Governing Body, who lived in the Democratic Republic of Beroea, adopted the code for the English - speaking process.
The new Yoruba alphabet had taken in hope and said that it would replace the Latin, which had been used by him for a hundred and twenty years.
Just as the Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief of Chief.
Now he traveled the length and breadth of the Great Land — from Benin to Nigeria — to proclaim his profanity as sent by the spirits.
The Chief of Generality acknowledged that the Yoruba’s grandfather Odducei used the blade in ancient times — a thing of the past.
In all, 25 are the following signs.
linguists in the Foreign Republic say that for advancement in the Foreign Land, there must be a code of vernacular or vernacular.
Under the influence of Niger-Congo, the widely translated and widely translated dialect of the Yoruba language should not insist on putting into practice the thinking and experience of your life.
Read : English : Changing language
In 1843, Crowther Crowther Priest Samuel, coordinator of the Amendment Service (CMS ), established a standard of translation in English by applying Latin principles to additional signs of voice — or sound signs.
Since then, hundreds of thousands of books have been printed in Yoruba by using Latin metaphors rather than Arabic metaphors, which before 1843.
The advocates acknowledged that the use of Latin translations of the vernacular in the form of vernacular translations put the vernacular in slavery.
Advertising of this new code of dress was in harmony with the ancient hieroglyphics of the Adriatic Land, such as the hieroglyphics of Egypt, and the Akanzezezeze, in Ghana, Ge'ez of Ethiopia, the image of the Nsibidi of the Middle East, dating back to the time of 5,000 B.C.E.
The ‘ phenomenal ’ phenomenon
The World Voice Ruler in English, Son of Yoob, interviewed the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief of the Chief.
The 43 - year - old Chancellor explained that after his father’s turmoil in 1997, he had to shoulder his fatherly responsibility to care for his younger siblings.
Nevertheless, the Yoruba chief, who promoted your culture, focused on the welfare of the Odduceans for what he was deeply concerned and acted as a merchant among them.
The widespread expansion of the practice did not make you feel as comfortable as it did.
In 2011, he added 2 to 3 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1 to 1.
The cupbearer, the Supreme Strength, told him to go to your family’s shrine in the Persian district of Armageddon ( BADAGRIA ), and to find a guide pointing to what the Almighty had sent him to earth.
At the shrine, he found “ a strange thing ” that he brought back to his home in Porto-Novo, Bentecost.
When he arrived at home, darkness covered a living room.
In the guest room, there was no heated lights, and the sight was generated by microscopic rays.
He puts the stranger on the living room and lays a microscope and leaves it out of the chair.
He uncovered the whole house before finding it in the middle of the house.
That night he slept under the strange thing in the outskirts, telling the World Voice :
I dreamed I would go to the sun.
When I ended up in darkness, we showed me the perfectionist as an example.
Whenever I fell asleep in this dream, I went from one place to another in an unusual way and recounted the people as we used the new embroidery!
For the second half of the year, he continued to see again and again and nothing to do.
During this time in 2016, I went to the sun again to meet a man named Lamúrdu, who sang to me the blatant sound and commanded me to spread the printery and the signing signs worldwide.
I looked like an old man in a dream — and he would tear me down — when I awoke from sleep.
He thus became a threat to the Chief of Churches — condescending from the heart to the World Voice.
He decided to present the dreams to the Sovereign of the Orthodox Church in Port-Novo before the one who had enlightened him to do as he had been commanded in a dream.
As a result, he was traveling from district to district in the Promised Land to spread the blatant from the Promised Land.
A full - costume picture of authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative authoritative :
The Yoruba’s philosophy
In 2017 the Honor of the Divine Divine Sovereign of the Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine Divine V.
In our time, the Ministry of Human Rights in Nigeria was a great blessing.
The letter to the state governor of God’s territory reminds us of the resolutions to reject the new alphabet that have not yet been fulfilled.
Fifty years have devastated the promise made by the 11th - century governor to ensure that the schools in the Southeast of Nigeria have not yet been fulfilled.
In the meantime, the revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revised revisions.
The Chancellor had forgotten YouTube, WhatsApp and Facebook : “ The Great Deity ” and “ The Great Deity ” and “ The Great Deity ” to promote and promote the authenticity of the codex.
He urged all in attendance to stand up for the discovery that would disrupt the code of Amnesty and give the Yoruba’s line of identity toward linguistic development.
One kind man, Sunday Adenaeus, promoted 1,000 copies of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures to schoolmates.
Read : Lost in the translator : Why does globalization fail — in English — and in other languages
The textbook is in English and Spanish, and therefore, there is little support to the textbook for the textbook.
An impressive step is the midwife of the Odyssey.
On the other hand, drawing closer to a new Latin principle would present a challenge.
It is not surprising that what will contribute to the development and development of the English language is the translator of the Old Testament — what the Yoruba generation will call ours.
English fluency : Changing language
Is it a bread or a bean cake?
A baker or beans cake in Nigeria eats breakfast in Nigeria, July 11, 2013 Drawing from the Atim Koh from the Wikimedia Commons, decreeCC BY 2. 0.
Thro history, multilingual unity has existed.
To illustrate, let us look at a phrase like that of a 19th - century French - speaking man in English.
In today’s world, this word - for - word — a word translated from one language to another without your translation — is not popular in the English language, as if it were not.
These spoken languages occurred as a result of the international mixture of people around the globe as they wandered around the world and around the world.
As a result of the interdependence of people of all backgrounds, language becomes synonymous with phrases and words.
This was no exception to the Yoruba race.
From 1914 to 1960, there were about 40 thousand people who were speaking the English - speaking languages of the Nigerian form of the English - speaking Yoruba language.
Nearly half of the English sentence is used in the Yoruba language, and the equivalent of the cupbearer is the equivalent of the cupbearer.
We called him sarcasm ” to mean sarcasm, sarcasm, sarcasm, sarcasm.
These phrases shed light on the English language.
The same is true of the Hausa dialects spoken by 44 thousand people in Northern Nigeria.
This translation uses hundreds of thousands of dictionaries from the Arabic language, such as the circles ( blessings ), the blasphemy ( devotion ), and trouble ( plague ).
The excitement of the dictionaries in the Yoruba language is the day - to - day flux in the dictionaries.
You can use a phrase, such as the King James Version, the King James Version, the King James Version, and the King James Version.
Adi kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó kó
A challenge in the Yoruba language is that of a dictionary whose vocabulary dictatorships translate the English - English phrases that are used in a dictionary rather than in a vernacular.
For example, bread — translated from the Yoruba into bean cake — is especially in the guest’s guesthood.
The use of flute in the vernacular contributes to a culture — a widespread expansion — in which language becomes more readily available.
In view of this, sushi Japan is called by no one else — sushi eats.
If this is true in the case of the English - speaking people, your language and culture will be much larger than that of the Chinese - speaking worldwide.
For example, limit yourself to eating the famous Yoruba food, especially at sea.
This expression has crept into a new vocabulary if dictionaries of the Yoruba language emphasize it.
Filling your son or daughter reduces the power of the sponge — it will throw the Yoruba away. ”
In the modern - language New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the word “ Christian ” is rendered “ Christian ” and “ Christian ” in the form of a translation of the Holy Scriptures.
It means “ pleasantness, ” or “ pleasantness, ” in the form of the Yoruba expression.
This brings forth confusion and confusion : The English does not tolerate the use of the vocabulary and the use of the vocabulary.
As a result, the completion of the English - language codex was added to the foundation of the Greek language.
Nevertheless, it was an exaltation to the Yoruba noble - speaking Yoruba.
On the other hand, the volume of the English text as used in Nigeria was added to the Oxford English textbook.
The meaning of the Yoruba language will move forward if those who speak the language are moving forward to your development ; your use in the media is necessary according to the world’s rapidly changing climate.
Finally, this will further contribute to the extent of the Dutch - language scholarship.
Throwing on the interpreter : Why does Teenager fail — in translating the English language — and other languages
Many translators have little or no meaning.
Medieval Medieval Medieval Medieval Medieval Medieval Medieval Medieval Medieval Medieval medals
The English language has dominated the vocabulary of the high - tech machine as the world’s “ international ” vocabulary of the high - tech machine.
During the 2020 Earthquake month, Web Tech3 showed that half of the world’s concentration camps were written in English.
Millions of people who speak various languages of the world thrive on one another’s own tongue — toleration of vernacular translation into the various languages that will soon be realized.
Millions of engineers have accomplished a tremendous recording of non - English engineering and linguistic mechanisms in the modern world. Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go Go.
Prior to the 2020 Epoch, the new edition of the New World Translation will be completed by the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, which will be completed by the last edition of the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.
One man was viewed as a troubled person when he was reading a thunderstorm on the horizon.
Why have you ever tried to print a translation that is noticeably accurate is the best one?
And why is it unusual?
Controversy and problems arise when it comes to this type of translation and the use of it.
Twitter translates the English into English by using the Search button as he allows it to enter and with a disastrous outcome — and a number of times more frequently.
The underlying cause of these conflicts is more than the fact that multinational engineering organizations compile their vocabulary into interpreting phrases.
This collection of phrases may be effective in some foreign languages, such as the English - speaking English and the English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English - speaking English.
To answer the common problem that lasted two years before supplying five new languages, the spokesman of the agency revealed :
On top of the globe, globalization is often accompanied by a term that has been translated from the earliest to the most widely translated, if it does not contain a long line of phrases, and it is hard for a computer to support a number of different languages
Nevertheless, thanks to the advances of the biochemistry, both our translators and our translators have been given the support of the ecent advances in our machine.
Likewise, hundreds of thousands of people do not know how to predict — or pronounce — in these languages.
So a qualified translator does not have to comply, for there is no way to identify these mistakes.
Much of the translator’s text does not mean much more than a single word.
For example, the expression “ queen and queen ” has a different meaning.
Tens of thousands of phrases are translated into mysterious terms.
Interestingly, it is vital to say that the royal line between the queen and the queen differs : The queen translates “ queen ” in English at the queen’s time.
Through these misunderstandings, multitudes of people have contributed greatly to the development of the languages of the Adulterous Land in the multicultural fields that have produced a new phenomenon.
The mother tongue has grown up with the use of new instruments, such as cell phones and phonographs, and the use of new phonographs.
This has proved to be a reality in the use of these languages.
Based on these new technologies, the vocabulary of the Arabic has increased.
For example, in the English language, there are phrases related to the latter part of the latter part of the latter part of the latter part of the latter part of the latter part of the latter part of the latter part.
The English language is similar to that of the fourth century B.C.E. and the fourth century B.C.E.
Names have been created according to their trademark.
In the sound system and advertising program in the Yoruba language, authoritaries have commented that TV is a popular feature of entertainment.
This process raised questions and opinions — some authors argue that the artisan could be called the artisan for his work.
These self - sacrificing challenges will contribute to the development of languages — it fosters confusion for language promotion and translation.
In 1919, according to CNN’s report, Google opened the study of AI inscriptions in Accra, Ghana, pursuing the goal of acquiring global languages.
According to a researcher for the Mousta Alpha Cisse,, a prominent agency of Google AI in the Adulterous Land, there is more than one hundred thousand people in the world to benefit from it. ” — CNN.
Mozambique and BMZ announced their collaboration to promote a special campaign in the Foreign Language for the Foreign Language for the Foreign Language for the Foreign Language for the future.
Religious institutions in Greece and North Macedonia failed to change their religious values to prevent the epidemic of COVID-19
“ THE Lord’s Evening Meal ” was a 1442 mosaic from Fra Angelico.
The growth of those infected with COVID-19 in Balkans, some religious buildings did not alter religious procedures that could cause the disease of Coronavirus to spread like the field of the birdcatcher.
Religious procedures known as the eating and drinking of the Lord’s bread, or the Last Meal, followed by Christendom’s followers would divide the known wine from the same birthplace to the Roman Catholic Church’s chewing bread from the priest’s mouth.
The World Health Organization ( WHO ) encourages us to stay away from infectious diseases and improve our health so as to reduce the risk of infectious diseases caused by infectious infections in other people and in the air.
In its December 9 issue, the Ancient Greek Council stated that it would not change religious values for protection.
Similarly, he said that coronavirus cannot be transmitted from the Eucharist to the Eucharist and that the sons of God should pray fervently for the manslayer’s presence. ”
According to the GOC Climis, of the Near Persian Central of Athens,, it is an anti - Lord attack if anyone claims that religious principles can cause the president to sink :
Eating and drinking are life.
It was a miracle.
It is an antichrist to the Lord to acknowledge that man can be preserved by the Eating of the body and drinking of the Lord.
COVID-19 in Greece, had been hit by 89 without anyone else.
The Greek authorities, who had destroyed schools and banned assemblies and prevented epidemics, urged the Assembly to reform.
Government officials themselves have violated the prohibition against this disease.
In the nearby city of Greece, North Macedonia pretends to follow the same pattern of the Macedonia - Ohrid Archbishopric.
Although the Church had yet made no announcement about the plague, it gave the members of the congregation body and food as it normally did.
News came when the headquarters of the Prespa‐Peligonia Diocese published a report from Russia’s Pravoslavie.ru ( non - RELIGION ) that claims that it is impossible for obedient mankind to suffer from ecclesiastical apathy. ”
The article was signed by Russian cleric Sergey Adonin, who said that he had a fondness for the hospital’s life - style.
Further in the article, he noted that the use of the same birthplace as in the seventh century bizantium did not cause harm because God’s disapproval protects the priest and the laity. ”
In North Macedonia, those who adhere to the religious values have the right to the values of the church.
For instance, the program’s clerk on the stereotype of the predator — a former advocate of opposition — said on Twitter that he had participated in dangerous anti - religious ideology :
Switzerland : I ate the Lord’s blood for the Passover of Holy Annunciation at the Skopje Hospital and then did it!
What is your problem?
The headline : All health care agencies : Advocates partake of the Lord’s blood without fear of the coronavirus.
Sladjana Velkov,, a renowned activist in Serbia and North Macedonia,, acknowledges without question that this is a big thing ” and that it is nothing more than a fiction that afflicts the elderly or infirm.
In Italy, where 631 people were killed, more than 10,000 infected :
At least 7 persons in North Macedonia have contracted COVID-19 ; 25 in Slovenia ; 13 in Croatia ; 5 persons in Albania ; 5 persons in Serbia ; 5 persons in Bosnia ; river in Montenegro.
In Romania, there are about 28 immigrants living in Bulgaria.
Acceptable everywhere
The world has seen how the inscription coronavirus can play a role at a religious assembly.
In the last month, some 7,400 people were diagnosed with COVID-19 in South Korea — a disease that seems to have been swept away by the disease — found in the Trinity of Jesus.
The young man was accused of being a criminal — often called a brother - in - law — and the eight - year - old chief of the deceased came out to apologize.
On the other hand, the Korean Ancient Religious Organization announces the changes in your religion as stated by the Ministry of Health :
All obedient humans will be blessed during religious turmoil.
Before entering the Tower of Worship, they bought their hands with insects at the entrance.
No one will be welcomed.
The priest of the congregation would not be denounced.
They would not kiss their descendants before them.
Prayer books will not be used in religious times.
They would not receive the Cakes to the priest of the congregation for their own children if they were out of the house of worship.
The Memorial meal will not be divided into immortality.
9. There will be no numerous meetings of those who reject God’s worship.
Some places of worship in England have been changing their religious values, like the Italian Catholic Church.
The Croatian religious organization enforced a law dealing with the disease in France, where a sacred tour in Lourdes was closed.
The Romanian Orthodox Church puts a law out of control of human action in the face of epidemics :
The dreaded murderers will harm the restraints of the religious buildings.
In any case, they could say to the priest that their birth would fit the Lord’s blood.
After Italy ordered the extermination of the 400 towns, such as the Czech Republic, a number of decrees were carried on by the 10th century B.C.E.
The North Macedonia declared the state of affairs and closed schools, including the highest of schools for two weeks.
Check Examines the special World Voice on the role of COVID-19 in the world.
NIGERIA banks travel under the supervision of COVID infected people 19
COVID-19 has been arrested for the 13th century C.E.
Drawing from Pete Linforth in Pixabay.
Consider the Global Voices special report on the role of COVID-19 in the world.
According to the Nigerian epidemic, more than five more people have been affected by the spread of COVID-19, the total number of victims in Nigeria.
The number of infected persons doubled in two days after E. Osagie Ehanire confirmed by Dr. E. Osagie Ehanire on January 16, December 13, the third victim of the insect - borne COVID-19, a Nigerian victim of more than a decree from the United Kingdom on December 13, December 13, and December 13.
The patient devastated himself for 14 days in Lagos during this period by signing a fever and a stroke.
The patient is in the infection clinic in Yaba, in the Department of Education.
Your body is relaxed, and it answers well.
As the number of people infected with COVID-19 increased, the federal government in Nigeria overcame what was stated on December 18, 2004, by restricting travelers from 13 such languages as i : China, Italy Iran, South Korea, Spain, Japan, Frank Germany, Norway Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú Ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú ú
Those who had immigrated to Nigeria from the aforementioned languages had to separate for 14 days.
Earthquakes confirmed that COVID-19. is the name of an Italian - speaking traveler in Nigeria
Read : A Italian - speaking man who traveled to Nigeria contracted COVID-19
The second victim of this bacterium is as impressed by N CDC as the passing victim has met the infected victim who is now healed after two tests indicate that you are not being diagnosed.
The other suffers from the disease and has been sent home on April 13, 2020, according to the N CDC.
The treatment of COVID-19 did not overwhelm the public, and it required powerful measures to halt the spread of the disease in the Nazi language.
Cityman Ayobami announced the delay of N CDC’s campaign, advising him to stop showing and showering around the globe!
Gideon says that we should be shocked ” that the diagnosis of COVID-19 is delaying in Nigeria.
INCREASE travelers from other languages were banned, especially those from the languages where the disease spread :
Dr. Whitewalker also acknowledged that there is nothing wrong with restricting travelers at the time of reducing the spread of disease in order to stop infections during the spread of disease like this.
Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu,, head of N CDC,, is trying to make sure that they do all they can :
On the day 17 of the month, the high parliament decreed that aircraft from such languages as the United Kingdom and China should be banned until the second day.
Cable Nigeria is closely associated with all those from the plague - widespread population who will be treated safely for the next ninety - a - half day.
The federal government banned the giving of people in visa Nigeria.
The ban ended by 21 B.C.E. and 20 B.C.E. will last for a hundred and twenty years after the conference.
Rate it this way : COVID-19 in the country : ‘ The unprecedented ‘ unprecedented confusion ’ as the peasants are preparing for the spread of disease
Countless peoples have taken steps to reduce the spread of COVID-19,
Among these steps is the prohibition against traveling from the languages that are widespread by the COVID-19 virus to prevent it from entering their mother tongue.
Inadequate management
There are natural disasters about the inadequacy of health officials on HIV - positive people in Nigeria.
A 70 - year - old woman who had been in the United Kingdom for five months returned to Nigeria on December 11.
Some time after his arrival, he suffered from the symptoms of COVID-19, such as pneumonia and abnormal abnormalities of the 13th month, and he rushed to the Teaching Hospital of Enugu (ESUTH ) Colliery Parklane, in southeastern Nigeria.
He was stunned at ESUTH Colliery Parklane, and was sent to the N CDC on December 14, 2009.
On December 15, the woman died after the N CDC found that she had no COVID-19.
In a letter to the state governor of Enugu,, the daughter accused the hospital staff of putting her mother in a grassy trailer.
In the state of Lagos, the headquarters of the capital city of Nigeria, the COVID-19 virus was diagnosed with inadequate treatment.
On the 17th day of the month, David Hundeyin, a newspaper columnist at News Wire,, complained about the unpleasant treatment of the victim of COVID-19 at Dangote’s home at Ibeju-Lekkiyre in the State State of Lagos, causing terror among the workers.
On the 12th day of the month, Dangote’s Dangote plant, an Indian water repair worker, arrived from Mumbai, in Nigeria and then stopped somewhat in Cairo, in the border of marijuana Egypt.
Hudeyin’s study revealed that the man who was repairing the water cycle increased in the middle of the second day of his arrival from India.
Nevertheless, the question of whether anyone in Dangote’s company has tried to contact the health authorities involved.
Hudeyin went on to say that the company is taking advantage of the uncertainties of the Nigerian law to advance its profit, putting the lives of its employees and society at risk.
The report prompted the authorities to express their opinion that the patient had been transferred to the infected hospital in Yaba,, in the state of Lagos.
In what way has COVID-19 been changing the world’s political and social systems?
A picture depicting the boundary of the Chinese peasants on the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of the peasants of
We obtained permission to use images.
The food markets in the riverbanks, like the riverbanks, have become a threat to China’s health.
Following the plague of insect - borne insects in Wuhan on December 2012, a massive protest took place after the plague of insect - borne insects and the struggle of Chinese society and the challenge of Beijing’s steadfastness.
Newspapers, governments, and civil governments in the central part of the world are the result of interruptions for newspapers that will benefit the public for a long time.
When they came to the rescue to announce ways to stop the blast, he was deeply moved by the proliferation of the Chinese Millennial celebration.
Doctors and scientists are studying and analyzing the possible causes of the epidemic that was then known as the insecticide of Wuhan,, which is back in the form of COVID-19, the insecticide that causes respiratory impairment and epilepsy.
Suggestions to the common cause of the disease suggest that the insecticide is derived from Chinese serpents or livestock that are sold at the marketplace of Hnan wet in Wuhan, where many believe that it is the source of the insecticide.
A question that needs to be answered is the spread of this disease : whether it spreads from one person to the next, and how much life can pass on to a person who has it.
A witness from a well - trained medical team revealed from one person to another that the insect would have been in the body for a while before the person carrying you would see your symptoms, and this did not make it easier to identify the victim of the infection.
As to the spread of the plague, which pestilences call “ the number of growth ” believes to be between 2 and 3 at the end of the month, a person with it will infect two and a half persons, but consultation and research do not stop if useful life - giving is available.
As the number of insect - borne patients rises every day, China’s Hubei and Wuhan’s Hubei - borne capital, China’s Hubei - borne continent, has elevated the health rate and hundreds of thousands of people live in this area hundreds of times over 60 percent.
As the number of infected people spread throughout China, health officials have become increasingly aware of the immeasurable health measures needed to care for hundreds of thousands of elderly people.
But Wuhan’s crippling disease was not just an attack on the health system but a time of political instability.
The assembly said that it was safe and secure in the Hubei area and that this was not the only thing that happened.
City officials criticized Beijing’s government for reducing the SARS epidemic from 2002 to 2003 as it gave an accurate report to the World Envy Organization ( WHO )
The chief president of China, Xi Jinping, hesitated on the epidemic until 20 C.E., after a month of chronic illness, he announced to the public that the plague was unpredictable.
Power over the rule of newspapers is widespread in China, and the global marketplace in the United States and its success in solving the problem of insecurity in Wuhan will reach its climax in 2020
The Mozambique and Cape Verde Communications erected altars for mobile phones to keep the citizens at home
PORTRAITS FROM THE PORTRAITS FROM THE PORTRAITS FROM THE COVER
Appreciate the World Voice’s Special Effect on the Global Influence of COVID-19
Despite the prevalence of citizenship by the COVID-19, State consultants in Mozambique and Cape Verde, citizens are being given a fraction of their citizens ’ wages for mobile phones.
By this time in Cape Verde, Mozambique had a population of 10 who had contracted COVID-19, but no one who had contracted the disease had eaten with 6 who had become deceitful.
In the past few weeks, both groups have issued a month - long emergency decree for the epidemic of a worldwide illness and are more likely to comply.
A newspaper headquarters in Portugal Lusa reports :
The Power of Revelation
Today, the Cape Verde Communications Centre, CV Móvel and Unitel T+,, announces a campaign that will encourage the public to hold 2,000 people to their homes in the middle of the COVID-19 epidemic.
With the inscription “ Fica em Casa!” ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ; ;
This special gift is available to the client of the two company stores and that in addition to the $ 20,000 that will be placed in connection with the call for the 15th century, there will be bribes for the calling and use of any type of telecommunications before the fourth century.
COVID-19 : Declaration of the thousands ’ privilege of helping the inhabitants of Cape Verde stay in order to obtain a quarter of a household law.
The Cape Verde is deeply disturbed by the popularity of this campaign :
It’s fun!
Several of Cape Verde’s inhabitants lived in the air - conditioned atmosphere?
In Cape Verde, an island of about 560 with a sword of 57 with a high - risk monster, according to a World Bank study in 2017.
That year, more than 50 percent of the world’s alcohol consumption is overweight.
In Mozambique, where there is a relatively small population of consumerism — The same World Bank revealed in a survey that 10 percent of the population of thousands own a mobile device — the local telephone system of TmCel prepared the same campaign.
The campaign is packed with dozens of dollars from GB 1 to GB 5 to 25 to 100 meticals (0.37 - 1.50 US )
Take advantage of this gift for 25 meticals in a month.
Try *219 # to boil a free gift and stay at home at TmCel.
As a result, a few of the users on the Twitter square set out questions :
It was a good step.
What, though, about it?
Staying at home was hardly a painful experience for the Mozambique and Cape Verde huntingmen.
The #coronavirus ’ illness has revealed the inequality of our society.
The use of domestic law in #Stay AthHome in favor of others has caused poor society to suffer the consequences of staying at home without food or living in a state of restlessness or of putting the health of other citizens at risk.
COVID-19 issued a devastating release by a wooden test in the Adult Land
Adultery is not a living room
The chief of the army officer of the 354th Civil Affairs Brigade, Special Functioning Team, Combined Joint Task Force apologizes 29 months before 2008 for the third month during the special services of the city’s hospital in Goubetto djibouti.
Drawing from the cornerstone of the US Air Force, Jeremy T. Lock.
Consult a special report entitled “ World War II ” on the role of COVID-19 in the world.
The scourge between scientists and researchers has not resulted from the experimentation of drugs that are thought to be able to cure COVID-19 in the human family.
During the fourth month of the year, researchers from France, Dr. Jean- Paul Mira, and Camille Locht, recommended a program on the telescopes that ought to be tested as a vaccine for insect - borne disease should have been tested, according to the report by Al BisJazeera.
Mira,, head of the Cochin, hospital, in Paris,, compares the cure to “ the diagnosis of HIV / AIDS that has been tested in the marketplace and tried a few things because of the assurance that they do not protect themselves and that it is easy for sexually transmitted diseases to crawl against themselves ”!
Both researchers were surprised when a recent BCG diagnosis in Europe and Australia revealed the possibility of a cure for insecticide.
In Australia thousands of health - care providers are being tested.
The behavior of researchers has led to the remarkable struggle between tests and scrutiny of the elderly in which he claims that the elderly inhabitants of the Adultery have taken their place in the pharmaceutical companies — in Europe or in the United States — to examine the poor in society.
These researchers quickly discovered the humiliation and anger of people who carried a man - made apocalypse. ”
Ivory Coast Didier Drogba yesterday :
On April 3, Mira’s physician apologized for the excuses he had received from the SOS Racisme census, and Locht,, a physician, likewise shattered the protesters on Twitter, as it were, because the protesters were not the same as the protesters.
During the same week, an expert on HIV / AIDS specialist in the fight against Ebola pandemics in the Democratic Republic of Congo proclaimed that DR Congoea was determined to participate in a series of tests of HIV / AIDS that did not take place in the future, according to News 24.
Muyembe, chief coordinator of the plague and National Health Organization ( National Health Organization ) commented at a media conference :
We have been selected to do these inspections
The vaccine tree will be developed in the United States, Canada, or China.
Here we are the victims of the inspection.
Once in a while, these factors caused the suffering of the Congoans and influential peoples around the globe that led to the birth of Dr. Muyembe because of hercedic screening in DR Congo, where the number of those infected with COVID-19 was relatively low.
Within a few hours, Dr. Muyembe slides and confirms that the tree’s work in the US and China will be consulted in DR Congo :
The horrendous results of a tree test in the Adulterous Land
Treatment tests in the Adulterous Land — usually under the most urgent need for cures and a cure for deadly diseases such as hypertension and HIV /AIDS — have strangled the timing of values for a few decades — especially on public authority before tests and medical procedures were conducted.
The world’s leading health institutions, such as the World Health Organization ( WHO ) and the U.S.
In the mid - 20th century, more than 17,000 women with medicinal disorders were tested without the authorization of the testers to use them for AZT screening by CDC, WHO and NIH.
At the same time, Trovan was tested in 200 youths in Mozambique, Nigeria, at the time of the epidemic of pneumonia.
For thousands of families, Pfizer was referred to as a class on inappropriation before their children were tested.
Treatment tests are not merely the result of racism and rape — they are causing a lack of trust among health and community representatives.
Patrick Malloy writes in an article entitled Pediatrics Research and Consuming : The philosophy of the Third - Century Political Encyclopedia of modern medicine in the rape world of Tanganyika ” that “ rape and modern medicine are closely linked to the tide of the tide of the tide of the tide of the tide of the tide of the tide. ”
From the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom to the bloom. ”
He made progress in your speech :
In Tanganyika and elsewhere in the So - and - so - and - so - so - so - so region, this explains that in every instance, religious leaders may invite their subjects to delegate their genetic bodies to a health representative who will use them for tests.
This is no different from what is commonly said in the Eastern part of the Adulterous Land about the millions who serve the white people who have little choice but to kidnapp the Adulterous Son to receive blood for a medicine like a myrrh called myrrh.
In Swahili the parable of the drug is translated “ amulets ” or “ amulets for healing ” — now “ amulets for healing. ”
This catastrophe in recent times has produced a lack of trust in vaccines, examinations, and drug tests in the Adultery and has exposed itself to public health agencies and agencies around the world.
Antiretroviral therapy tests in Canada produced a widespread dissatisfaction with the decline of antiretroviral drugs.
The spread of rumors about antibiotics spread to the streets, as was the report that guided the administrative program that banned the use of antibiotics in Nigeria in the spring of 2003
Healing after the ‘ washing of the head ’ of rape
Based on the foregoing, what will all of this bring to the test of COVID-19 in the Adult Land?
People of all sorts and sorts have blatantly stated that the Black Sea is not a white man’s mouse. ”
The director - general of the World Health Organization ( WHO ) Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has called the two physicians ’ behavior the key to the “ intelligence of rape ” and then the following :
He could not eat the Golden Land, and he would not eat the Golden Land for any kind of wood.
Nevertheless, fear and mistrust have made it difficult for health officials to identify people who have been victims of HIV / AIDS and examine them.
On the fourth month of the fourth month of the year, protesters entered the COVID-19 vacation because the vacation took place in quiet surroundings and was inappropriate.
BBC News reports that the terrorist attacks “ bring to mind the behavior of people during the epidemic of Ebola’s epidemic in the Near East and the Middle East, where health - care providers have been bombarded with air pollution for transporting the disease to the towns and villages of the peasants of the northern kingdom. ”
The epidemic of the epidemic of Ebola’s epidemic in the late 2018 ’ s in DR Congo lists among the victims of the Ebola - borne epidemic that followed a pattern of decent behavior — under the guidance of the Muyembe Physician and the government of the isthmus in the DR Congo — eventually the death toll of the people.
By the 11th month of 2018, when an examination of more than a thousand Congoese - speaking people had been conducted, a vaccine wound was stamped.
WHO should declare that the Ebola epidemic does not exist in DR Congo on December 12, but after 50, no one infected the boy of your age 26 with Ebola’s epidemic and finally died on December 10, 2004.
Meanwhile, in addition to the Ebola and the widespread humanitarian controversy that plays a role in preventing the growing insecticide epidemic of the DR Congo.
The 62 steps he planned to find a vaccine for COVID-19 are on the way, and time is taken for tests and tests of a vaccine that will meet the highest standards of behavior.
Would the larger pharmaceutical firms get to know high moral laws in the Adulterous Land as they do when undergoing tests in the Western Land?
In Burundi newspapers awaiting the convention’s final decision
The newspapers were accused of defending the city’s security
The journalist’s office in Bujumbura,, where the library is removed from line.
Newspapers — Agnès Ndirubusa, Christine Kamorno, Térence נפzenzi and Egide Harerimana — were organized to disqualify the city and sent to thirty in the month before 2020
The fourth - century advocate of the Iwacu magazine said that they had not violated the law.
Now they await the thrilling resolution that followed the eclipse of the month 6 and 5.
Antoine Kaburahe, editor of the newspaper :
In the judgment : The end of the assembly in Bubanza.
The accusations of the journalists were not theirs.
The newspapers are doing their job : pollution.
What a relief!
A month later, she had not been able to recover from her illness.
Stay steadfast!
An Invitation for Tragedy
On the 22th day, Burundi’s protective flocks will be surrounded by the massive opposition of the government — red isthmus, who used the Democratic Republic of Congo as his home — in the Kidira border.
This area has been surrounded by hollow - wheeled pilgrims.
In the gladiatorial battle, the 14 men died, and the 10 men died.
On that same day, the police put the Iwacu maiden and their maidservants, Adolphe Masabaakiza, in the town of Musigati, in Bubanza,, where they attacked the people who had fled the area when the battle broke out.
First and foremost, they were thrown into prison without accusation and beaten Christine Kamorno when they were arrested.
The police obtained telegraphs and equipment that the supporters had demanded for a check - up sentence.
The newspapers became ushered in another barracks.
On February 26, September 10, in Bubanza we complained about the safety of the city.
On the 31th day of the tenth month, the tyrant laid the testimony and accused him of entering the attack by the beast.
Authorities in general, including Human Rights Watch, International Federation of Journalists, Olucome, African Journalists’ Federation and Burundaise des radiodiffuseurs.
Nevertheless, the National Court of Human Rights says that they are not yet able to address the situation.
Iwacu quoted the report by stating that there were no accusations when they were arrested and that it had the responsibility to defend newspapers.
Millions of people have flocked to the media, and Iwacu stepped to the threshold of the media’s liberation.
Journalist Esdras Ndikumana exhorted :
Burundi : Newspapers of Iwacu women ( and their mothers ) were accused of bringing the world’s threat to the Bubanza ( Drawing from Yaga )
After they had entered the convent and had not followed the convent until 18 months, they were puzzled when they were taken to the convent on 11 months, and then they were gathered together in front of the convent — without the convent.
They refused to respond, for there were no supporters, and they were sent back to the convent until the day of the 18th century did not.
On the 20th day of the 11th month, the decision came to say that the fourth - century newspapers would return to their homeland.
They were given a 15 - year compliment.
President Pierre Nkurunziza said at a newspaper convention that on December 26, 12, he said that it would be impossible for a child to be confused until he was cut short and promised that he would be able to throw it away by the authority that is in charge of you.
The March 30, 2009, issue of Bubanza, was organized into two thirds of years and to pay for thousands of francs ( $ 521, U.S. ) in obedience to the 16th law of the Criminal Law and to obtain your home free of charge.
The disturbance does not specifically indicate that the publishers knew anything about the delinquency, so the accusation changed to the unprotected safety of the city, that is, to make sure that it would be difficult to obtain.
Iwacu explained that the colporteurs went to the lawyer after the authorities had obtained a permit and that there would be no prohibition to reach the lawyer.
The only warning sight that caused the fortune - tellers to escape was the whatsoever text of one of the fortune - tellers, who said that they had fled the fortune - tellers...
It’s just a thousand years ago — the government has often gathered thousands of opposers, politicians, and civilians to take such a course.
Reporters Without Borders (RSF ) noted that the colporteurs were determined to spread a report that affected the whole city without fear of retaliation on the fifth month of Burundi’s Burundi’s 20th - century revolution.
They wrote a census called a banquet of approximately 7,000 people in the middle of the fifth month.
Members of the European Union before the Council of Europe and the UN for humanitarian behavior are among those who have been called to isolate themselves.
By the end of the 20th month, the newspapers did not condemn the alleged injustices and the regular emergency of the accusation.
The fifth month after the sixth month of divorce, the newspapers appeared in a thunderstorm.
In response to the accusation based on whatsoever, which one columnist said they were pursuing peace...
RFI repeatedly criticized Clément Retirakiza for making sure that the accusations made to the journalists were merely a threat to the wrongdoer.
Iwacu’s glimpse of political violence — the last news agency in the late 2015 ’ s
Previous article on the subject of mass suffering
Following a turbulent election by the year after 2015 — one that restored Nkurunziza for the third time that was censured by the people — an unsuccessful attempt to rape.
Hundreds of thousands of publishers — favored by the overwhelming mass media in Burundi — were destroyed, and hundreds of thousands of publishers, such as Esdras Ndikumana, were punished
Hundreds of journalists have suffered at the hands of law - enforcement officials, especially if they were gathering “ necessary ” reports.
At the end of 2015, photographer Christophe Nkezabahizi was killed by the police at the end of the elections.
In the seventh month of 2016, Jean Bigirimana was disappeared and likely concluded that it had been carried away without the need for a timely investigation by the police.
This year, on December 28, 2004, Blaise 6- Pascal Kararumiye of Radio Isanganiro (Meeting Point Radio ) became a police chief after a government bank account, and a fourth month, Jackson Bahati was bombarded by a policeman in his archives.
The world news agencies supported the BBC services in 2019. RSF to Burundi to rank 160 on top of top 180 for freedom of speech — 15 since 2015
Women in Nigeria were confronted with a massive political bomb
#BringBackOurGirls and #ArewaMeToo reformed neutrality in the Nigerian language
Images by Karen Kasmauski / USAID at the United States Government work, public domain.
In Nigeria, the center of the day - to - day ministry is the center of the day - to - day ministry.
advocates and politicians are often attracted to religious and social discrimination.
Famous advocates — on Twitter — have to be able to seize the gbas gbos ( the Nigerian - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American - American.
feminine advocates — in addition to spreading harmful identity objects — are likewise coping with the attacks of racial hatred.
How do advocates of women in Nigeria cope with bitterness, such as conspicuous speech, conspicuous hatred, and mutilation?
How are they progressing in their work or in their best interests?
The Nigeria’s two - wheel - drive volunteers show the experiences of polygamy and female hatred : Dr. Oby Ezekwesili led by Dr.
Fight #BringBackOurGirls ( #BBOG )
The last six years, on August 15, 2014, some 200 girls in their mid - 20 ’ s from the National College of Women in Chibok, Maidiguri,, in northeastern Nigeria, were converted to religious devotion by Boko Haram.
The kidnapping of Chibok’s daughters contributed to a worldwide translation of languages.
BBC News that in the month of 2014, #BringBackOurGirls was popular with about 3.3 peoples and that 27 percent of these translations came from Nigeria, 26 percent from the U.S. language, and 11 percent from England.
Dr. Oby Ezekwesili answers questions at the UN Women’s Programme with the directors of the #BringBackOurGirls.
United Nations Women /Ryan Brown imagery 14th - century 2014 (CC BY- NC-ND 2.0 )
Dr. Obiageli ( Oby ) Ezekwesili, ( former president of the World Bank ) and the minister of the Nigerian dialect have given much attention to Chibok’s girls during their kidnappings.
This campaign was attested to by a recent kidnapping of boys in the National Library of Buni Yadi in northeastern Nigeria as well as by the May 25, 2014.
Twenty - nine boys were killed by bullets and knives while others were burned by fire.
Nevertheless, until July 23, when UNESCO received him as a guest in Port Harcourt,, a well - oiled Niger Delta,, he appealed to the exploitation of girls, becoming the most widely distributed of all the languages :
On December 7, 2014, president’s wife, Michelle Obama, published an illustration “ Return our daughters ” #BringBackOurGirls.
Similarly, there is a painting from the White House outside — a process that turns the kidnapping into a global epidemic.
It took the Nigerian army two years to rescue a young girl in the month of the Darkness of 2016
By December 2016, 21 girls were well - acquainted with their cousins, and in December 2017, 52 girls were set aside for worship.
Nevertheless, as a result of a study of the year 2018, 112 girls suffered a debilitating degeneration of 13 perished.
Ezekwesili and human relations led to the fight for the #BBOG girls who gathered the world’s peoples for the liberation of Chibok’s girls.
By the end of the process, the revolution turned into a barren tree that was unable to be unstopped by the oppressive square of the Nigerian city.
The success of this effort was, of course, the result of Ezekwesili’s economic situation.
Just prior to the 2015 president’s election, the kidnapping of Chibok’s daughters took place, causing some to view Ezekwesili’s worldly criticism politically.
As your innermost faces melted down, tear down all your clothes.
Others say that the accuracy of your efforts in #BBOG is merely political destruction.
Reno Omokri,, president’s secretary - general, accused Ezekwesili of destroying the imperial power of the parliament and of destroying the regime of President Jonathan, and thus issuing a decree for ABC from the monarchy. ’
In the late 2014 ’ s, supporters of President Jonathan and the Peoples ’ Democratic Party ( P DP ) launched a campaign against Ezekwesili in an open - air campaign that appeared in a Web site dated 14 : Igbe on the eighth anniversary of the death of the girls : “ I don’t lie to my deceit, and I don’t hate you.
False commentators say that Ezekwesili persevered in supporting kidnapped children because of a lack of position in the kingdom of Jonathan.
As he persuaded his countrymen to preserve him as a minister, he persuaded them to stay with the Chibok". Girls in order to please him.
What would happen after I refused to serve as a minister three years before the Chibok girls became religious?
Ezekwesili said in the Twitter slide.
He became one of the contests for the president of 2018, but he eventually threw his hands away.
On Twitter, Ezekwesili brings your sorrow to mind : “ I regret that children sent from school are subjected to domestic violence, saying that their parents cannot recognize their children. ”
The political party’s reaction to the campaign of #BBOG has swallowed its fury.
#ArewaMeToo and NorthNormal
On March 3, 2009, a young woman named Khadijah Adamua courageously exclaimed about her lifelong exploits by her former donor.
Adamuauaua, who lives in the northeastern and northeastern part of the Nigerian territory, had written about your horrendous experience.
Good Nigerian Fakhriyyah Hashim exhorted Adamua’s support with the use of the symbol #ArewaMeToo :
#ArewaMeToo became my helmet #MeToo in northern Nigeria.
According to the Relief Web, in the middle of the month B.C.E. and September 2015 B.C.E., northeastern Nigeria, in particular, Borno, State, has a high rate of rapes against women.
In the most distant northern part of the Islamic world, it is difficult to bring harm to those who suffer.
The rage of #ArewaMeToo on the heads of an airplane led to the public exhibition of NorthNormal in Bauchi, Kano, and Niger.
The 15th - century NorthNormal explosion came on earth in the last month of Belus, in the 23rd - century congregations in the Anglo - American Peninsula and the Anglo - American Peninsula.
They saw the positive effect of the demonstration that the legislature saw the need to appeal to the army for “ taking the lead in fighting for the VAPP ’ Hashim.
Hashim continued to argue that ’ ” in Sokoto, State, the government is gathering NorthNormal".
One of the protest chiefs was stunned by the police.
Next came the king of Sokoto,, the chief of the Nigerian Muslims.
Joshim’s admission of NorthNormal from the signs #ArewaMeToo, and with two sides : reproof for the U.S. Violence Against the People ( VAPP )", and the foremost form of sexual assault and rape throughout northern Nigeria. ’
Rules of Violence Against People ( Banned ) by 2015 rise to 23 B.C.E. by 2015
Under VAPP Teaching — advances in the Nigerian law of civil punishment — law enforcement of the idea of rape against women.
Among these are rape, rape, and domestic rape, or the abuse of a widow or the abuse of a widow or the abuse of a widow and / or the abuse of a child.
In Nigeria, rape is a life - threatening crime that can be inflicted on a child at 14 years of age
If the rape of many is involved before the 20th century, the lawyers will survive without paying a fine.
Next, Article 47 of VAPP’s Prohibition stated that this prohibition was extended only to the Nigerian capital, and NorthNormal and other agencies were advocating the prohibition of the 36th parliament.
Opposition by advocates
A year later, #ArewaMeToo announced to the World Voice that their admonition, which unleashed “ the intolerance of society, ” had its side.
Hashim had an astonishing experience in dealing successfully with children in the vicinity of one of the high - paying firms.
To the World Voice :
A [ childhood ] campaign was launched against you to obtain an official’s license ; some refused to compromise, so they took the initiative to make #ArewaMeToo illegal.
Through Joshim’s scheme to justify myriads of myriads, myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads of myriads.
In the Nigerian language, marriage between a man and a man is violated by the law of the Sergians and the law of sexual abuse and sexual intercourse between a woman and her in some sections.
Through the initiative of hashim campaigns, LGBTQ, blatantly blatantly blatantly blatantly blatantly calls #ArewaToo and NorthNormal incompatible.
The glimpse of the glimpse of the World Voice has left no place in the violent attacks of the hashim campaign against the LGBTQ.
Nevertheless, Hashim publishes a message of hope on Twitter :
Fakhriyyah hashim, one of the scribes #ArewaToo and NorthNormal ( permission to use your image is obtained.
He said that all this experience helped him to “ endure well :
My experience of political upheaval on Twitter for a good government has given me a lot of endurance and has not impressed me with the opposition we have witnessed through the proclamation of FacebookMeToo and NorthNormal.
I am so desperate that I don’t give up on myself in my mind about the Northern Nigerian government and its rapist attitude!
At the end of the attack, we have the strength and the power to advance because of opposition, we see the widespread chaos in the community and the fact that if we allow time for execution, we will say that our head is on the fields of destruction.
Sadly, hashim and Ezekwesili still struggle with the suffering of the “ lack of mercy toward the opposite sex ” in the face of women’s oppression and in the face of the real world.
Those who are suffering from harshness in dealing with resentment are thus planned to take a voice.
This essay is part of a special feature of the history of the Orthodox Orthodoxy : the law of the airport as a microscope in the Golden Land. ”
This publication raises questions about the identity of the anti - Semitic hatred, or anti - Semitic speech, in either language or region of the world, of the anti - Semitic and anti - Semitic ( in particular the anti - Semitic and polygamy of polygamy and polygamy ), as well as the anti - Semitic curriculum in the Foreign Language : Algeria Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Tunisia, and Uganda.
The funds for this special project were donated by Africa Digital Rights Fund of Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa ( CIPESA ).
In Assad’s cities throughout Syria, rulers now say that ‘ there is no presence of any president of the Koron ’
After a year of illness, the threat of civil war broke out in Syria.
In the cities under the rulership of President Bashar al-Assad,, their Sovereigns have opposed the decree of president COVID-19.
Thus, according to Vfit John Hopkins, the Cause of Armageddon led to the progress of the Twenty - two centuries from the death of man to the fifteenth century B.C.E.
But the current reports that revealed the surge of the conflict confirmed the existence of COVID-19.
Twenty - three - year - old Walid Abdullah acknowledged that the lawn is so productive that it allows for the death of the indiscriminate victims at COVID-19.
The World Voice preserves the use of names.
In a summary of the World Voice on ago, Abdullah explained that on the 13th day of her birth, the National Hospital of Daraa in the Southern Hemisphere was given a coronary hearing.
In response to Abdullah’s request for action in behalf of the government official who took the call, we were not healed
He quickly ended the call.
Surely there is nothing to do with shooting the suspected victim of COVID-19,
Abdullah told the World Voice That COVID-19 is better than going to a public hospital
This sadistic testimony supports it from other sources.
The publication of the tenth day before the month The Voice of the Capital, A Republic of Syria informed health officials from the Syrian Institute of Health that the death toll toll was issued at the Al-Mujtahid National Hospital in the capital city, Damascus,, for those who had come to believe that they had actually suffered the coronary disease by supplying them with a combination of prescribed drugs.
This article appears on the following Web site :
Another from Mouwasat’s hospital was Damascus’s paramedics in the same publication :
“ DEATH is committed in extreme places and is done by doctors who have intervened in the fight against the disease. ”
The Assad period’s progress toward the end of COVID-19 is so devastating that it is closely related to the purpose of the Assad Civil War, which claimed more than a million lives and was completed by thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands worldwide.
Pestilences and Kingdom Provision
Assad’s period has plunged hundreds of surrounding cities into trouble identifying the real source of the Iranian Empire as the vast majority of its surrounding cities live in Syria.
In the Irregular Desert, Covid-19 has become one of the most influential countries in the country where the president reaches the border, likely in Lebanon, Iraq and Syria, where the celebrations have been accomplished by the military team.
In addition, tourists and tourists from Iran continued to promote the shrines in Damascus to the peak of the march ), as by Zaki Mechy, author of the March Study of London School of Economics and Political Science ( LSE ).
Nevertheless, Assad’s regime persisted in broadcasting the media and reducing the population of COVID-19.
Interestingly, on the 13th day of Osu Treasurer’s health Minister Nizar Al-Yaziji complained about the absence of COVID-19 on the border of Syria, :
WE ARE grateful to God that the General Assembly has cleansed the land of Syria from the plague :
The Syrian minister did not even announce the campaign of COVID-19, the first president of the country, until the 22th day of Loss, causing anger and heightenedness among the Syrians who noticed the Assad’s collapse and opposition to the righteous news.
In an article entitled A newsman in the area, one of the townspeople responded to Yaziri, and said that “ you don’t have to say in your pocket that all diseases have been washed away ”
Nevertheless, this government will have preserved a large portion of the number infected in their publications.
In a publication on the eve of the day, the Syrian Reformation and the Great Resister pressured the international community to extort the immense number of victims of COVID-19.
He presented your opinion on how many should be trusted :
Problems in health care
Assad’s belief in the existence of this genocide disrupted Assad’s efforts to convince its officials that they had no health departments.
According to the London School of Economics and Political Science ( LSE ), the total population of COVID-19 was 6500 per 100,000 per 100,000 per 100,000 per 100,000 per 100,000 per 100,000 per 100,000 per 100,000 per 100,000 per 100,000.
He said that if the number of presidents exceeded that number, the whole country would be destroyed and the waters would come to an end.
During the civil war, soldiers had committed a severe attack on the health department.
According to the WHO and the Syrian Hospital for health care, there are only 28 local government hospitals.
This account also shows that up to 70 percent of the total number of health officials have been transferred to serve as aliens and 20 percent elsewhere.
COVID-19 is one of man - made disasters
Likely, the main concerns of the Syrians were the collapse of natural disasters ; wars, armed conflicts, and armed conflicts.
On Okud’s sixteenth day, the World Health Organization announced that Syria was under threat of hunger and urgent need to prevent the spread of COVID-19
According to the World Food Organization ( WHO ), an estimated 11 percent of your food consumption in the month of Birth and Igbeyin increased by 113 percent to the year of 2019.
Understandably, the World Health Organization says : “ There’s nothing you can do to pay a thousand dollars for the Syrian borrow ( one to five dollars for the protection of your name ), ” says the World Health Organization, “ but there’s nothing you can do to pay a thousand dollars for the Syrian borrow ( one to five dollars for the borrowed ). ”
Ahmed said that people were packed with goods without charge.
At a time when their health - care system was weakened by the threat of hostilities and the economic collapse of the Syrian dynasty had also threatened the city’s homelessness and despoiling.
YKS’s tests are taking place at a peak of two million square miles across the globe : Social isolation disappears.
Neutrality New YKS Test : morality
COVID-19 was not the only recorder of the YKS Test year 2020
Thro the seventh month, hundreds of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands.
One of your underlying questions refers to “ Fırtınadayım, ( I am in the storm ), the composer of a band band band by Mabel Matiz son of LGBTQ Q.
The question of the translation of “Gözümünüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüü
According to the Web site Twitter, Halis Aygün President Center for Measurement, Selection and Placement (ÖSYM ), the test department in the interview with the principal publisher of the newspaper New Akit.
The YKS 2020 exam successfully scattered 18 tests centers with a peak of approximately two million participants.
Your tests are the ones that have been tested by scientists around the vafits.
Observations of householders and social institutions impress our high - school buildings.
A study of the first - century Turkish examination of the YKS 2020 [ rounded up in the YKS ] has been conducted.
Those who are thus enforced will be discarded from the test arrangement.
For some Twitter users, the following is not enough :
[ MORE ] President ÖSYM spoke for the first time after the test! ”
They have given reasons to investigate the source of the problem.
Those who fall into you will be thrown away from the test arrangement! ”
[ Footnote ] More than [ glimpse ] will be required by the indifferent President to turn aside from all confusion so that your eyes will be restored.
The authorities in the community also responded to decisions and questions like these :
In the modern - day test of YKS 2020, no one else gives an illustration to children but the analyst Mabel Matiz
( The man carrying the stool declaring : “ Controversy are we ” What are you trying to do?
The popularity and popularity of Twitter users has been influenced by others as they point to Mabel Matiz ’ successes :
I want you to look at Mabel Matiz because we have no other athlete who used our culture so much thousands of years ago, so mabelmatiz has eaten up our treasures.
The netizen noticed that the silent treatment of a heavy - metal musician in front of the politicians would neglect the basics :
No one screamed at rapists at the conclusion of Mabel Matiz.
Be assured that “ our conduct was not protected ” but that Mabel Matiz was the one who made the most of our publications.
Research should be based on those who dishonored Mabel Matiz and succeeded him.
Mabel Matiz’s reply to the disobedience.
On the third day of the seventh month, Matiz recalls :
Happily, I was able to use my song for such a crucial test.
I am now amazed at how my life has become a subject of the test.
Let’s see what I was put to the test.
The World’s Trials will never end : It is a turbulent time.
I read in my teeth thousands of distressing publications.
What I had to say in that song made me feel that you understood it and that I was even more excited.
I would continue to sing more and more songs in order to tell the story and to celebrate this celebration.
Let us meet again in another test
And Matiz is famous : after a long period of Aygon’s life.
He won two championships in a full - scale championship.
He received a marking mark of two stages.
“ The gold produced by your molester ” and “ The music produced by your molester ” at the Pantene Golden Butterfly 66th.
This means that there are tens of thousands of people behind you in opposition to the demands of governments and the demands of governments.
On the fifth day of the seventh month, Mabel Matix renewed :
I won the titles “ The music of your brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave brave
I’m so grateful to Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz.
In Turkey tens of thousands of concubines were sitting in for the test of entry to the IFASIT
This year’s test took place in disobedience — and not because of disaster
Published by Jehovah’s Witnesses July 20 - 22
Mabel Matiz, accompanied by the Mabel Matiz in the midst of the disobedience of the Test of entry to the High Court ( YKS ) :
Belief in God’s Word ( The New World Translation )
In the region of Turkey, more than 83 million people were expected to pergain their lives at the entry test in the Turkish border with the Great Teacher and the Great Teacher and the Great Teacher.
In spite of the scale of COVID-19, 2,000 (2.5 million ) people were sedentary to the test.
On 26 os III, the high - school organization announced the day of the YKS examination from 25 to 26 months of the seventh.
But on the fourth day of the fifth month, President Recep Erdoğan changed the day from 27 to 28 days of the seventh month.
This change and the uncertainty of testing have disturbed the people of Turkey in the center of town and on the machinery :
How did this day influence the thinking of a number of ridiculers who were preparing for a test?
How will the scales and barricades of COVID-19 be confined ( social isolation and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / and / / and / and / / and / / and / / / / and / / / and / / / and / / /
In 1919, there were 73 percent of the test successors and 39 percent of the second stage successors.
On the third month of the year 11, when by the seventh month of the year 15, 500,000 people lost their lives in the presence of the president, with more than 200,000 inhabitants.
On the 1st of the seventh month, the Kingdom enters a series of interruptions :
Business buildings, such as high - tech markets and theaters, have changed for about three months as a result of social isolation.
Nowadays, visitors need to keep their nose covered and to examine their temperatures.
While advocates of YKS call out for further exams, the government is not content in your decree :
At the end of the seventh month, two million were seated for the test.
As we have seen, it is excessive and excessive on social distances :
YKS’s tests are taking place at a peak of two million square miles across the globe : Social isolation disappears.
Neutrality New YKS Test : morality
COVID-19 was not the only recorder of the YKS Test year 2020
Thro the seventh month, hundreds of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands.
One of your underlying questions refers to “ Fırtınadayım, ( I am in the storm ), the singer of Mabel Matizouphah, LGBTQ “Fırtınâââââââââââââââââââââââââââââ
The question of the translation of “Gözümünüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüüü
In harmony with the Web site Twitter, Halis Aygün President Center for Measurement, Selection and Placement (ÖSYM ), the test department in the interview with the principal publisher of New Akit magazine.
There he said that the laboratory would be done and that all who entered the test would be expelled :
The YKS 2020 exam successfully scattered 18 tests centers with a peak of approximately two million participants.
Your tests are the ones that have been tested by scientists around the vafits.
Observations of householders and social institutions impress our high - school buildings.
Those who are thus enforced will be discarded from the test arrangement.
For some Twitter users, the following is not enough :
[ MORE ] President ÖSYM spoke for the first time after the test!
“ Research has been given to look at the root of the problem, and those injured in you will be thrown away from the test. ”
[ Footnote ] More than [ glimpse ] will be required by the indifferent President to turn aside from all confusion so that your eyes will be restored.
The authorities in the community also responded to decisions and questions like these :
In the modern - day test of #YKS 2020, no one else gives an illustration to children but the analyst Mabel Matiz?
( The man carrying the stool declaring : “ We are troublemakers ”
What are you trying to do?
The popularity and popularity of Twitter users has been influenced by others as they point to Mabel Matiz ’ successes :
You researchers, I want you to look at the facts of Mabel Matiz.
Because we had no other athlete who had practiced our culture so much thousands of years ago.
As a result, mabelmatiz treasured up our treasure.
People around the globe have noticed that the silence of a heavy - metal musician to the politicians will destroy the main characters :
No one screamed at rapists at the conclusion of Mabel Matiz.
It’s all right :
You say that our actions are safeguarded, ” but Mabel Matiz is the one who made the most of our publications.
Research should be based on those who dishonored Mabel Matiz and succeeded.
Mabel Matiz’s Answer to Disobedience
On the 3rd day of the seventh month, Matiz recalls :
Happily, I was able to use my song for such a crucial test.
I am now amazed at how my life has become a subject of the test.
Let’s see what I was put to the test.
The World’s Tests have never ended :
Then there is a turning point.
I read in my teeth thousands of distressing publications.
What I had to say in that song made me feel that you understood it and that I was even more excited.
I would continue to sing more and more songs in order to tell the story and to celebrate this celebration.
Let us meet again in another test
And Matiz is famous : After a long World War II, he won two titles in a full - scale championship.
He won the titles “ The gold of your moon ” and “ The musician of your moon ” at the Pantene Golden Butterfly 66th.
This means that there are tens of thousands of people behind you in opposition to the demands of governments and the demands of governments.
On May 5, 2004, again :
I won the portrayal and the melodious composition and the “ Best musician ” in the Pantene Golden Butterfly’s 66th triumph!
Thank you for all my obedient ones.
I would be grateful to Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz,, who later directed my picture and presentation [orin ]
"I Have a Red in My Wipe" clip.
● Employee years : The manager of the company of the agency urges the worker to persevere in the workforce for good results.
The chief of the Nigerian ambassador, Phinehas, has blessed these officials with the honor of celebrating the world’s festive festivals.
In spite of the noise that this observance took place around the globe because of the proliferation of the president COVID-19, there is much to remember about the sacrifices of the Nigerian officials.
In the day - to - day publication that was marked by your Special Adviser on the news and in the proclamation to the Nigerian officials of Lassís the Great for the delays and influence of the decades to come that brought a dramatic change to Nigeria.
Nevertheless, he urged the Nigerian officials to continue producing fine fruitage now and at all times because of past achievements that would require further progress toward achieving that goal.
‘ Mo wants the Nigerian officials to give the best of their efforts.
You are truly proud of Nigeria and the Nigerians.
I encouraged the Nigerian officials to strengthen them during this type of growth in our language.
They have to press on to do their best in their work for the benefit of languages ’
● Employment : Employee’s home greeting the Nigerian officials
The president of the United States welcomed the Nigerian high parliament, Ahmad Lawan,, to join the international community in celebrating the fast - paced festival of workers.
Lawan’s legislature also honored the workers for their huge efforts to eradicate poverty and the need for development and to meet the threat of many forms of persecution.
He was keenly aware of the influence of the laborers, and I had to see them all the time.
He continued that it is a fine opportunity to appreciate the precious contribution that a thin laborer has to make to the world’s well - being.
Lawan highlighted the readiness of the coalition of law - enforcement agencies to interfere with the law - enforcement of law - enforcement by hundreds of thousands of workers.
The president of the high parliament spoke as much as a part of the ninth parliament’s efforts to fortify the economy and to improve the lives of people in order to improve the flow of this year by hastening the 2020 fuel system
In Lawan’s lawyer’s parliament, the high parliament reformed noncombatant laws in order to improve the efficiency of the fire system.
He decreed that this principle would go on despite the challenges of the president COVID-19.
The president of the legislature observed this year’s official celebration in the face of the global epidemic of COVID-19.
THE vigorous, immortal soul of the Nigerian people will help the government to overcome the plague ”
THE president of the parliament urged the Nigerian footsteps to follow the standard of health care in the community and to put ourselves in the protective care of the handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten handwritten and to stay home and safeguard ourselves.
--- COVID 19 : 24 others in the Nigerian language
Corona’s president ( COVID 19 ), the president of Nigeria’s hometown of Corona ( COVID 19 ), and Corona’s successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successive successors.
--- COVID-19 : Dr. Osagie has received a little report on depression in Canoi
The Nigerian minister of health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, had received a few reports about various cases in the province of Canoe.
The minister made this comment during the day’s interrogation campaign against President COVID-19 with the journalists in the town of Ebla.
Furthermore, you look forward to all the reports of the sudden death in the province of Canoe that will contribute to the development of relief systems, scientists, and subscriptions to the province of COVID-19.
Dr. Ehanire, then, encouraged health officials to set limits to protect themselves so as to avoid or endanger COVID-19.
● Nigeria identifies 34 COVID-19 patients
Nigeria has a peak of 300 crocodiles, known as COVID – 19, with a combination of 1,200 crocodiles.
Three hundred and eight hundred people were cured.
The Nigerian National Army ( N CDC ) launched this attack on the @ NC CDCgov ;
34 sufferers of COVID-19 ;
Thirty - fifth century B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E. B.C.E.
--- COVID-19 : Kan’s minister’s ambassador broadcasts the news
The minister’s secretary - general general has issued a report report for the federal health agency on the reasons for the energy and health problems that are being answered by Canada.
The health minister, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, this at a convention with the press sponsored by the federal government of the COVID-19 of the United States.
The prospect of receiving a full report by the government agency s lies in the direction of the Covid 19th - century Covid - century Covid - century Covid - century Covid - century Covid - century Covid - century Covid.
“ Among other things, transportation and sending HIV - positive donors from FMOH and neuroscientists from the Irrua Specialist Hospital to assist health - care professionals in the Department of Health in the province of Nice in the behalf of Governor Kan Kancu ’
As an answer, he also said that experienced experts would be outspoken in compulsory pursuit of’t - beforehand wheels in the province of Kano.
“ EVERY year a physician answering an emergency call from FMOH leaves the four - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel - wheel.
Dr. Ehanire also explains why health officials have repeatedly followed preventive procedures for presidents to risk their lives.
“ We cannot allow special officials to be lost at such times ; all people are inundated with the great suspicion of COVID-19 in order to face all people without partiality so that others with sickness do not suffer or care for them ”
It is imperfect, “ it is wrong to chase men away without respect for health care or to deprive the one in need of emergency care. ”
● Switzerland’s homelife is not yet a minister
The minister of the province of Emeka Nwajiuba said that he could not interrupt or reestablish the school building.
The minister went on to say that the rebuilding of’t - be houses would be the result of the gradual removal of the decree of the Society’s decree to control the covetousness.
Until the day the ceremony announces the arrival of the ceremony, there will be no need for the ceremony to enter the ceremony with the omo.
“ None of the houses are hard on the back of the wall.
The minister also said that all the tests of entry that had been postponed would be carried out when the government made sure that all the proceedings were understood.
The minister explained that the tests of the 10th - century magistrates ( WAEC ) and the combined tests ( NECO ) by NabTEB were not to be postponed.
He spoke of the challenge of the revised globalization and of the use of the national globalization program.
According to him, “ perfectionism is not the advantage and privileges of some because of the absence of a microscope in the radio and the use of a microscope in the microscope in the microscope in the microscope of the microscope of the microscope of the microscope of the microscope of the microscope of the microscope of the microscope of the microscope of the microscope of the microscope. ”
ACCORDING to the current state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state of state state of state of state state
Nwajiuba explains that “ the distribution and skill of the sound system by the use of the sound system by the use of the sound system by the use of the sound system by the use of the sound system by the use of the drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken drunken
The minister adds that the epidemic of COVID-19 has helped all merchants to regain their competitiveness and have helped many people to adjust to it.
In commenting on the chaotic stand of the minister, he said that the imperfections of the government would also be applied to the authorities who would accomplish the system that would make it more effective in the face of the coronary global challenge.
Similarly, the world headquarters of SCRIPTURES in the capital city of FCTA, honors the private buildings of SCRIPTURES, which join the third entry line for 2020/2020 on the front door for parents and grandchildren.
In its final edition of the day of the conquest of the university, the secretary - general of the prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious prestigious
Marafa so that “ this is the case, ” says Marafa so, “ when the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the houses of the ho
According to the U.S.
Those who violate this decree will violate the code of law ;
Marafa also explains that the central government’s house - to - house program, whether by radio or by telephone, is completed so that the householder will be able to operate in the face of the housing crisis.
--- He did not open a private library that was well - founded for the day — Minister FCT
The minister of the Nigerian capital, Alhaji Muhammad Musá Bello, had exhorted all the secretaries of the private house in the city of Abijah who had been telling all the younger parents and mothers that they would not have to struggle for the third period for the year 2018/2020 in order to subvert the imperial law.
In a victory publication, the secretary - general of the Aztecs stated that the Aztecs would not be successful in any school in the Aztecs until the day that the Aztecs secretary - general of the Aztecs touched.
ALL directors of the private house are urged to keep the house in its place, and they should not try to open the house unless there is a ceremony or a policy from the FCTA."
All who violate this law will have to contend with the royal decree.
Five went on to say that the FCTA, the coordinator of the codex, has planned to support the codex by using the codex and the codex to reject the codex at the time of the home.
● MUHAMADU BuhARI’S VIEWPOINT IN THE NIGERIA
UNITED STATES OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN OF ORIGIN.
1.O Nigerian
Do not hesitate to extend hospitality to you because of your courageous stand and integrity, which is portrayed in the struggle to the major health challenges facing our generation.
Three hundred and twenty thousand people have been healed, and sadly, two hundred and twenty thousand have been cured by the epidemic of Covid-19.
4. HEALTH and economics in many languages exert themselves in the struggle against the plague of microorganisms.
Today, I tell honesthearted people about it and explains our organizations to ridiculers who know how to adapt to certain changes in their day - to - day life.
THOUSANDS of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands.
Unfortunately, in the mid - 20th century, Nigeria had an estimated 70 percent of its infected population, including 42 percent of its population.
I am taking advantage of this opportunity to show our sympathy to relatives of the whole country who lost their loved ones as a result of the plague of the president of COVID-19. This has resulted in both our loss and our sadness.
THE beginning of is that in the first month of the month, Nigeria will have a quarter of a quarter of a quarter of a quarter of a quarter of a quarter of a quarter.
THERE is the fact that the proportion of those who have been diagnosed with coronary arteries in the past two decades has yielded positive results.
The number of coronary infections in the oceans has dropped by 11.9 percent, thus reducing the number of polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio polio.
Today, the Nigerian epidemic agency has put you in a list of 15 receptacles that can hold a peak of about 1,600 people throughout the languages.
In response, the government of Lagos and Abba along with the support of the president’s army has established numerous auditoriums and has reviewed the purpose of the checklist in the business room in order to allow the checklist to interfere with the private checklist in response to the report.
OVER the world, hundreds of thousands of homes and centers of dedication flourished, resulting in tens of thousands of refugees.
15.Mo praised the province Governor of the post office in a hurry at the beginning of the new post office and the purpose of dismantling the post office highlighted the danger.
16.E thousands of health officials have been sent to the territory for other safety measures.
17.NATHER we have experienced challenges while we stand firm for the careful provision of this’t - be - be - be - be - be - be - be - be - be - be - be - be - be - be.
18.ñ Ni fulfilling our government’s promise to improve the lives of our health officials, we have signed an enlightened contract to provide protection funds and other funds for hundreds of health authorities.
19.A has provided a provision for health officials leading up to five thousand years ago, and I have had to ask the staff for support in doing this within a brief period of time.
20.Negotiations from international sources to private and private buildings have resulted in the availability of prestigious instruments and instruments available to Nigeria in order to obtain legitimate instruments from government agencies.
And the distribution and expansion of home - to - home refreshments mentioned in the opening announcement continues to flourish with uncertainty, and I know the pressure of the peasants who await you.
Although we were deeply grateful for the safety of the center of isolation, I emphasized to the Nigerian that your safety andining are especially important to us during this difficult and unknown time.
23 As we take care of the security of life and property, we will not be able to secure the lives of the innocent victims by the help of a security officer, and we will be able to provide compassionate and compassionate reports of the innocent victims with the assurance that they will be arrested to fight legal crimes.
24.Mo encouraged all Nigerians to advance in cooperation and discerning at the meetings of the Witnesses and in the safety of the Witnesses.
And despite the progressive flooding, we are determined to increase the supplies and services of the federal government to supply and to support the efforts of the federal government in the first century.
26.C.E. and the rest of the state registering a new sick person is linked to the results of the census as well as to the distribution and spread of the genocide in a city.
27 Later, I encouraged all the Nigerians to press on to follow the footsteps of the president’s dictatorships and the victorious cowards
28th century B.C.E. is the time for frequent washing away from one another and the use of open blows to avoid social activities, travel, and social gatherings.
Significantly, as mentioned earlier, these steps are and have played a part in reducing the spread of Koron in our country.
For thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands of thousands.
31 IN THE final year, I have a government that will establish a purpose and a law that will protect life and make life a priority.
During this two - week period, the federal government and the state of affairs have exerted strenuous efforts to set the standard of health care and living by the equivalent of the world’s monuments.
33.A... considers the prominence of business buildings and manufacturers as well as the emphasis on cleanliness and distance from the president’s management system.
34.A analyzes the progress of our omooth displays without serious health risks.
We built a road that allows our breastplate to grow and harvest in the rainy season in order to keep food supplies safe, and we also discussed the safety of the rural breastplate with the breastplate of your breastplate and the racing camp.
IT IS our goal to look for ways to improve our economy as we look for answers to the majority of the world’s majorities.
Because of this and the exhortation of the president’s COVID-19, the National Center for Investigation and the cooperation of the governors of Nigeria, I have approved the ban on housing in Abijah and the province of the Cold War from the fourth day until the fifth month until 2020
38.Zebedee and cybersex exploration will speed up the use of and restore the commercial system in one location.
39 ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F ° F °
a.S.A. from 8am to 6am.
b.c.e. would not be allowed to travel from distant territory to the time of unknown.
c. Carrying the responsibilities of the overseer in the department would be quite convenient to carry the goods from work to those making use of them.
d.C.E. requires special care in the fields of private life and hygiene, and the state of affairs and compassionate people are encouraged to assist in providing foreign residents.
THE uncertainty of housing laws in the provinces of Lagos and Lagos will persist until the fourth day of the fifth month of 2020
The president’s office will provide some clothing explanations for the government’s merchandise and shelter.
In harmony with these mountainous principles, the state of affairs has the capacity to cooperate with and regulate all kinds of business practices that may be in harmony with these statutes.
43. Helping our merchants and millengers to those with financial responsibilities will guide the provision for improvement and restoration.
These principles do not apply to any particular state of affairs.
Fifty years ago, the United Nations government had issued an urgent decree on the complete destruction of the coral reefs — the total destruction of the coral reefs, the total destruction of the coral reefs, the total destruction of the coral reefs, the total destruction of the coral reefs, the total destruction of the coral reefs, and the total destruction of the coral reefs.
On one occasion, I encouraged the international leaders who were taking the lead in fighting the threat of everyday life to win the battle against the presiding authorities, who would take full advantage of the government’s efforts to help you and your relatives during these difficult times, and I also took advantage of this opportunity to help you to gain your security and peace.
47 Mo have also experienced the support that we have received from our Kings, from the Cristeros in Nigeria, to the prime minister of Islam and religious organizations in the provinces.
May I encourage all of you to join them in speaking about President Koron in the midst of the worshipers and the inhabitants of your region to observe all the respect and dignity of the community.
49 Mo is grateful to the governor and coordinator of the COVID-19 General Assembly for the remarkable achievement to this day, and I can be sure that there will be a success.
50. Mo also expresses appreciation for the warmth of the international brotherhood and for the warmth of the international brotherhood, our journalist and assistant for the support we receive.
I am also grateful to all the young Nigerians for their patience and cooperation in this challenging situation, and I assure you that the government will do your utmost to take action by protecting the life and welfare of this country’s hosts.
52 Mo thank you for listening to me and for blessing the Nigerian country.
● Preeminently concerned with the safety of the Nigerian family — President Buhari
The president of the National Security Council of Nigeria has stated that he is primarily concerned with the National Security Council of Nigeria in the face of these challenges and intolerance. ”
President made this comment on the TV during his conversation with the Nigerian people at the 27th of April 2020 Awake!
His president won the preservation of the lives and property of his government and will not tolerate the presence of the law enforcement agency.
I WAS convinced of the Nigerian community that there would be no punishment for lawless people. ”
The president urged all Nigerians to cooperate with the lawyer at the meetings with.
--- COVID-19 : President Buhari inaugurated a house - to - house project in the province of Cano
The president of Nigeria likened his homelessness to the northeastern corner of Canada as a result of man’s seizure at the end.
In the province of Cano, President legislator softened a motion picture that the housing program would last for two weeks at a speed.
THE president also stated that “ a massive mixture of metals and fortune - tellers will spread to the province of Cano to help the province of Cano to conquer the presence of Koronah and not to spread to another province near it. ”
The president also said that the spread of the pandemic in the province of Cano was caused by a group of travelers from one province to another.
--- NIS princes of Nineteenth Nigeria from Togo
The Nigerian traveling agency ( NIS ), located in this small country, has a large collection of tourists from the countries of Lagos, Togo, and Seme-Krake.
Sunday James, a NIS spokesman, expressed this in a publication entitled The Immortality of Abijah and returned home to celebrate a festival in the name of Togo.
Thirty - nine people have been drawn to the health organization of Lagos for Corona’s examination.
According to the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures, and the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures.
James crossed the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border
According to NIS, the number of nurses going through the border between the border and the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border and the border between the border between the border and the border between the
According to NIS columnist Muhammad Bàbándé had urged a traveling man who was returning to the country of Nigeria to complain by taking a man’s hand in behalf of a vicious criminal and commander who had been able to join him in the battle of Ambá.
● The president will worship the country in the middle of the desert.
Today, May 27, April 27, at midnight, the president of Republic of Nigeria will speak with him.
Both radios and other phonographs are designed to compare the NPT with the first photographic phonograph ( NTA ) and the federal phonograph (FR CN ) for this announcement.
The Nigerian expanse will exert itself on the windstorm.
Checks on VON Social Media handles :
● Presidential talk with Nigeria today : Will the president abolish or add days to the prohibition
Today, on Monday, April 27, 2020, the president of the United Kingdom will speak to the country of Nigeria at 8pm.
All Nigerians eagerly listened to what the president put forth with regard to the housing program.
This was announced by the president’s helper on both news and publicity.
--- The House of Representatives will be restored on April 28
The Nigerian ambassador will be reestablished on after a solemn vacation in the hands of the former president of the Nigerian language, Covid-19.
Fourteenth and fifth century B.C.E. launched a two - month - long vacation in order to prevent the collapse of the law - enforcement agency from reducing the spread of COIVD-19 by the law - enforcement agency at the end of a week of national vacation by the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition of the coalition
In a publication written by the delegation’s secretary - general, Patrick Gideon counseled the delegation’s son to adopt the policy of the cooperation and of the Nigerian anti - genocide organization in favor of the policy of tens of thousands of delegates in order to send the delegation to the delegates.
The publication insisted that a helper and a member of the parliament stayed at home and that a special call would be made if needed. ”
The house - to - house representative would discuss the campaign against President Corona and against the nationalistic propaganda.
● National government in the province of Canoi - State
The Nigerian minister of health care, Osagie Ehanire,, said that Canada’s collective and province subsidies are doing research in Nice with the occasion in which the reception will send the reception wheels in investigation.
Ehanire, an ambassador inquiry, would hold a meeting by the governor of Cano in favor of such predictions, adding that it is unlikely that it was a Koron.
Ehanire will also take a closer look at the patient’s curfew to see how it will be used to regulate the development of the state and the vacation room.
COVID-19 was inexperienced, and COVID-19 survived. ”
He boiled it so that it could be eliminated by the use of a man’s hardened thigh and a man’s thigh.
The minister of Lagos, thought to be the province of Canoe, had a thriving tool, and the province of Lagos quickly confronted Corona’s president because of her experience of the latter president in 2014.
The minister went on to say that Canoe’s top ingredients and metals are inexpensive despite attempts to compare the paragraphs of Lagos with the paragraphs of Canoe because the paragraphs of Lagos in the paragraphs of Canoe are inexpensive.
Ehanire, a health worker of 40, is infected with coronary disease in Nigeria and is arrested in a coronary area.