Luz Mely Reyes, an eyewitness of the incident, reminds us of the séminal inspection on the site of Díaz and Soto.
The unification of the reporters affirms the situation:
ON THIS day, at about three o’clock in the morning, a committee from the United Nations to the media and human rights minister Luis Carlos Díaz, who has been displaced since 5:30 p.m. #Nibo NiLuisCarlos Wait.
Human rights activists and the free expression organization have joined the campaign with #Donde EstaLuisCarlos (Where is Luis Carlos?), which is now the popular title on Venezuela’s Twitter website.
Díaz is a journalist and human rights activist who is an elderly advocate of freedom of speech and who knows how to deal with him in Venezuela and abroad for deliverance and opposition from Nicholas Maduro.
He has been working with his wife and a well-known political spokesman, Naky Soto, while broadcasting videos and social media on Venezuela's political and human rights campaigns.
He has worked as a commander and coordinator of the setbacks for the public and the noncombatant programs.
Díaz has also been a member of the Global Voices group for ten years.
As for me, Luis Carlos is an intelligent person, and he is deeply concerned about receiving news and personal contact in Venezuela.
He has discovered communities in the city (blocks of opposition) #NiboniLuisCarlos Wa.
During the first few days of his recovery, the government’s self-determination program Con el Mazo Dando showed the video in which Díaz spoke.
The leader of the organization, statesman Diosdado Cabello, believes that Díaz is involved in a protest against the inactivity of fire throughout the country that causes Venezuela to live in darkness for more than four hours on March 7 and 8
There is no strong evidence.
Seven hours have passed since Luis Carlos Díaz has been disappeared.
[Diaz] is a radio broadcaster and human rights activist.
We owned the SEBIN headquarters headquarters and said they would not have the #Nibo NiLuisCarlos Wa.
[Image: they even confessed [Diaz’s presence]
Reporters Vladimir Villegas said this was not the case after being arrested by the government:
radionet Luis Carlos Díaz, has been detained by City law enforcement officer.
We sympathize with her situation.
We request guidance by knowing where he is and respecting his rights.
The Global Voices Group is loyal to Luis Carlos, his family, and the media assistant of all government officials in Venezuela.
We look forward to her coming quickly in peace of mind and spirit, sharing the news as soon as she approaches us.
Social media legislation will destroy free expression in Nigeria
The constitution will authorize digital channels in Nigeria
Representative Mohammed Sani Musa is the advocate of social media legislation. Screenshot from Channel Television You Tube.
On November 20, the 2019 edition of the Declaration on the Protection of False and Mark, known as "a digital edition", sponsored by a representative named Mohammed Sani Musa, has been read in the parliament for the second time.
The policy of the social media is to eliminate untruthful rumors and phrases on electronic media.
According to one dictionary, the edict will not restrict social media use, but will restrict freedom of expression, criminalization of government opposition, and temporary interference with the Internet.
The Nigerians obtained a similar edict in 2016.
It’s wrong to criticize the government (in opposition)
As Article 1A explains, the idea of this constitution is to "in Nigeria's publication of untruthful or unsubstantiated statements".
He will rid Nigeria of "protectional publications that could plague", despite such concerns as public health care, general security, "commodity security or economic instability" and "national relationships with other countries".
Section 1c describes how the constitution will "wipe, control and protect the use of electronic devices and monitors".
Additionally, the new constitution is not as strict as it is on the Internet — under the influence of rumors and falsehoods.
The digital codex is on the horizon, no one will be released, all Nigerians will be killed, no neighborhood or human dwelling place, and no drugs will be used, in the hands of eyewitness officials who are exposed to "threats of falsehoods without witness" if they pass through the digital system as a Nigerian man.
Sections 3a to b(i) of the digital code says:
No one should be attracted to a virtue outside or outside Nigeria's walls from untrue statements that cannot be verified; as well as an online statement that can expose Nigeria as an eight-day citizen by the protection of the city.
The issue of "national security" is the issue of the Devil’s right to freeness of speech.
However, no one can criticize or criticize the Nigerian government for making mistakes.
In Article 3b(vi), an expression that ignores “doing or action, which belongs to the government in public opinion” cannot be transmitted via the Internet.
As shown in Article 3b(v), this includes the statement: "success, spoken to someone, or zeal among the people".
This is dangerous because it allows officers to abuse power.
Who determines whether a statement can lead to conflict?
This means that the exploitation of an intellectual or political power can lead to hatred in their eyes.
The penalty for the convicted was between 200 and 10,000 naira [$556 to $28,000 U.S., three or two years in pretrial detention.
Lawyer’s permission to interrupt the Internet temporarily
The subscriber’s license gave the government the power to use the Internet as used on page 12 of this magazine, as used on page 12 of this magazine, as used on page 12 of this magazine, as used on page 3 of this magazine.
The Constitutional Court may authorize the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) to authorize access to the Internet to take immediate measures to prevent users from using the Internet in Nigeria.
Internet passengers are required to comply with this prohibition or to pay from $14,000-28,000 USD.
Additionally, the constitution guarantees digital security for those who are unable to disrupt "commodations" or "commodations" from an uninvited judgment against "compromising laws" on the Internet, according to Article 12, compulsory citizens.
The subjection of human rights remained dark because the law allowed the police legally to obey the dictatorship orders.
Section 15a stated that the police's "mental activity" during "certain investigation" was the key to interfering with the internet in the country.
Finally, “there is no time for complaint in the Supreme Court” [ Abala 13 (2)] that anyone can rescue smoking without first consulting the police to revoke the smoking law.
The effect of this is remarkable — no one will be able to go to the courts to defend this hurtful and insurmountable defense of human rights.
Lawyers on the back of the digital codex
Three lawyers have placed the constitution in the parliament, the principal parliament: Mohammed Sani Musa (proportioners of constitution), Abba Moro, and Elisha Abbo.
The Mohammed Sani Musa, Activate Technologies Limited, was the president of the Mohammed Sani Musa National Congress (APC) for the Niger East Assembly, which was printed by Premier Times.
The charges were recognized by the Organization of Organization for Organization (INEC).
This case indicates that the rulers of the past elections did not act independently of the powerful.
Ishaku Elisha Abbo of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) is a representative of the North Adamwa Province in Adamawa State, northeastern Nigeria.
In August 2019, in front of the police, Abbo made a mistake with a woman who was involved in sexual misconduct in the capital of Nigeria in Abuja.
After the pornography was postponed on social media, Abbo offered was familiar with her behavior and said yes.
Abba Moro, a member of the PDP, is a representative of South Benue, central northern Nigeria.
On March 15, 2014, Moro, the permanent chief of the domestic affairs, was involved in the intensive incident involving the Governing Body of Nigeria where some 6,000 teenagers who wanted 4,000 jobs were opened in the Governing Body of Nigeria gathered around the country.
The tragic event that killed 20 people and damaged many.
Moro obtained the police’s 675 naira wages.
Moro recovered his savings and violated the customs law.
"It doesn't need silence, fear or sympathy" – #SayNoToSocial MediaBill!
Using the #SayNoToSocial MediaBill mark, Nigerians have appeared on Twitter to express their feelings:
In a statement, Amnesty International acknowledged "a violation of human rights laws" because it would not interfere with the Nigerians "thinking their opinions" and "prisoning them for doing so".
Through the abbreviation of lies and rumors, we are considering legislation that has no interest in citizens.
Surprisingly, the political leaders are taking the lead in broadcasting false claims.
The political party and opposing party have transformed Twitter into a war zone for ethnic hatred, insignificant reports and deception during the 2019 presidential elections.
Read more:
Social media triggered ethnic hatred, unqualified reports and deception during the 2019 presidential elections
Twitter becomes a battlefield for false claims during 2019 Nigerian elections
During this period of freedom of speech in Nigeria, mental testimony from U.S. secretary Toni Morrison holds hope:
This is the work of artists. There is no world of hope, no world of compassion, no need for silence, no place for fear.
We say, we write, we say.
The digital codex has been read for the second time in the Parliament.
Prior to the constitution, he had to receive a parliament that would be considered by the House of Representatives. The parliament would report the outcome of his inspection to the House of Representatives, to review it, which would be published for the final inspection, before the president signed him.
We must take a closer look at the committee’s initiative to dismiss the social media's license.
Because the most prominent African country will become a state of rape as soon as freedom of expression is established.
The Supreme Court of Tanzania decreed the cutting down of seagulity between adults and children regardless of the restoration measures
"This is the best decision the court will make"
Children’s School in Tanzania pictured on April 10, 2007. Fanny Schertzer, used with permission from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
In October 2019, the Tanzania Supreme Court unanimously issued a 2016 lower court ruling that requires that a girl and a boy be 18 years old before marrying.
The Tanzanian Embassy has taken steps to reevaluate this decision, since girls are developing rapidly and marriage is a protection for pregnant women.
However, on October 23, 2019, the Tanzanian government lost its appeal ruling with a high court order: male and female husbands must wait 18 days to get married, adding to the parade of children’s seed in Tanzania.
According to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), Tanzania is the world’s highest rate of juice for children.
Internet users are quick to express their appreciation for the verdict.
Rebeca Z. Gyumi, the accuser and superintendent in the case of the children's beekeepers, was greeted.
Gyumi is the founder and secretary-General of the Msichana Initiative (Female Programme), a non-governmental corporation that stimulates girls through education.
Steps to End Child Seagogues in Tanzania
In 2016, Gyumi insulted the authority of the Marriage Act; the Law of Marriage Act, 2002 (LMA), which permits a woman under the age of 18 to marry.
According to Tanzania’s Demographic and Health Survey (TDHS), 36 percent of women aged 25-49 are married before the age of 18 and 5 percent are male partners.
According to LMA’s law, a 14-year-old girl is allowed to marry with court order, parental custody for a 15-year-old and 18-year-old as the youngest age for a boy.
Through his representatives, Gyumi explained that LMA’s economic impact on women is significant because it has given men more privileges than women.
Additionally, it was said that the clash violated the rights of equality and that girls were disappointed with the rights of education.
Gyumi appealed to the Supreme Court to put LMA aside.
The Supreme Court did not.
But they did see that it was illegal and they gave the government a year to adjust the misconduct of LMA.
Through a senior representative of the justices, the government was authorized to pass marriage days to 18 years for women and men.
However, the former executive disappointed the verdict and filed an appeal to the Supreme Court:
With the approval of the government: I have obtained an appeal on the case of #childmarriage. The 204 Supreme Court of October 2017.
Read more: Mozambique transforms young figs into crime
A Time for reconsideration
Within four months of trial, the government planned a renewed ruling in 2016 to amend LMA rules that allowed a 15-year-old girl to be adopted as an adolescent for marriage.
The prosecutor, who served as a representative of the state justices Mark Mulwambo and Alesia Mbuya, reiterated the discrimination between women and men, which was based on cultural and religious traditions.
Ms. Mbuya noted that the differences of behavior between boys and girls are "diversified" and that, according to law, they are considered equitable.
He noted that since girls are more prone to puberty than boys, the law establishes that marriage can protect a girl who is not married to an unmarried couple at the right age.
He went on to say that the court failed to “abundate the age of the child and the age of the worthy of marriage,” which meant that it should be considered equal and equal for the weddings of both men and women.
Internet users have been quick to dismiss the reasons behind the trial.
Moreover: Mozambique, Cote d'Ivoire took decisive action for the rights of women and children
Homosexuality
The court’s judgment was a reference to the abolition of practices that affected girls and other ethnic groups and the support of girls in Tanzania.
In the case of the United Nations, in order to qualify for women’s equality in 20 30, the government has to adjust the discrimination law and implement legislation to ensure that the equality will be achieved.
The results of the study show that the right age for marriage corresponds to the standard of marriage and the standard of speech (TDHS 201)
In Tanzania, she is a six-year-old girl who does not attend school and who reads either the highest or the most.
In Tanzania, it is illegal for a student or for a student to have a pregnancy, and the penalty for breaking the law is 30 years in prison.
A pregnant student does not return to school even after giving birth.
The prohibition of marijuana with children provides girls with protection, despite their entry into school.
In Tanzania, the marriage of a girl does not allow a girl to finish school, according to a report from Tanzania National Survey, 2017.
The prohibition designed a better life for the student to complete their studies without interruption.
Additionally, a student still struggles with restrictions not to return to school.
The Jamaican identity mark used by Kanye West became a heated argument on ‘ psalm’
Commercial goods with headlines about Jamaica are sold online
Kanye West sings at the annual Festival of Archaeology in Garden benefit, New York City, October 10, 2011 Photo by Jason Persse, CC BY-SA 2.0.
U.S. singer Kanye West presented a pop-up concert in Kingston, Jamaica, shortly after the weekend for the National Day of Unforgettable People (19-21, October 2019) will begin.
This was the first time the songwriter left the United States with a group of praiseworthy musicians, as he appealed to a government of the country to Ja to bring the program to his home.
Nevertheless, the event, which saw opposition from the beginning, broke down with the Jamaican identity marked by West we on markets selling on his international center without permission to use it.
Within two days, the announcement took place in the Emancipation Park in Kingston, the capital of the country — a response based on West’s controversial comments on the slave trade interview presented in May 2018.
The facility was used in 2002 in respect of the 300,000 slaves in Jamaica on August 1, 1838.
Per this was the first one on the program, but it was not the last.
Especially since the editor of Olivia's "Babsy" Grange Cultural Organization criticized opposers when he said that the country was part of the event, a promoter of a song imagined that the event was immediately watched as it continued on the theme of the International Weekly Religion's "four" programs adopted by the indigenous custom of the Holocaust of the Nations.
Additionally, the inhabitants of Kingston, who were caught in the quake that week, washed the lamps of anguish and reacted when displaced persons were driving home in the evening.
Without a doubt, thousands of Jamaican Nevs the event, and Jamaican radio stations received commendation for their hard work:
Public reports indicate that there is a possible step toward adopting the me-monition of Kingston's identity mark, Jamaica's Jamaican identity mark, and the identity of the long-hered bird.
I’ve done some online research and discovered to support the testimony but fate failed, and I’ve met up with the online markets that have these identity qualities, which are equal to the party...
The Jamaican truth is that former governments have never paid attention to the ‘Jamaica’ treasury or to their identity lords, such as the flag and the shield flag.
It’s a bad thing for our music and for what it’s like, Ska, Mento, Rock Steady, Reggae, and so on.
Jamaica has slowed down in the fashion industry, which has the main mark of the island to promote popularity.
If these merchants were promoted in the Emancipation Park square, the government and indigenous indigenous peoples of Jamaica, with the unique use of national symbols.
I have observed that the National Institute of Culture and Governor of Kingston is taking an urgent step toward restoration. Both should be aware that the repair is not urgent.
I feel that the government has a number of lawyers.
Of course, the prosecutors still have the responsibility to resolve the issue of the Jamaican flag.
Death - causing police bullying ‘successfully rejected by President Alpha Condé’ in Guinea
"Many cities have rejected the initiative"
Summary of what is happening in Guinea has been on France 24.
Violence broke out in Guinea on October 14, which has resulted in mass murder and trafficking after a protest against the presidential government of Alpha Condé, who is contemplating a change of constitution in order to permit him to go for the third time.
The capital city’s streets, Conakry, and other cities have become battlefields between law enforcement agencies and protesters.
Police has seized a new opportunity to use deadly weapons if it reaches its target.
Protesters have sent six people to the heavenly realm, which included a police officer among the Ogunites, and many people have been killed.
Read more: Guard security in Guinea has been authorized to use deadly weapons
Protesters refused to advocate the change of constitution, which they considered to be the president’s third position.
Condé, who is 81, is expected to end his term in October 2020.
protesters can be especially criticized for violating the law as Human Rights Watch calls for observation:
Translation Original Quote
Human Rights Watch reports today that the government of Guinea has banned protest on the streets for a year, pointing to the country's security crisis.
Local authorities have dismissed as many as 20 political parties and others.
Security officials have caught signs among displaced persons and have caught hundreds of people.
Regarding the political event, the king’s organization is announcing a campaign against one another: On October 13, President Condé wants a peaceful conversation:
Translation Original Quote
Alpha Condé has called for peaceful communication and is eager to have a seat as a platform to resolve the problems and solutions to the challenges facing the country.
Nevertheless, Ahmed Tidiane Traoré, presidential counselor, announced the next day, October 12, — two days before the protest began— for the political youth Rahba RPG ruling Reunion of the People of Guinea):
Translation Original Quote
Young members of the party were urged to be cautious on the street.
They [like opponents] have caused problems, initiatives from the group are invited to find a way out of the problem, but not to attack anyone, not to destroy any property, but to protect your.
All the workers are discovered with their faces to the public.
The city administration has intensified its reaction to opposing groups and human rights activists, reports Globalguinee.info:
Translation Original Quote
October 14, 2019 was the day of the Devil’s wicked economy, in response to the call of the FNDC [a leading State Constitutional Protection Commission] the Guineans scattered on the streets in opposition to the amendment of the constitution.
The attack took place in the interior areas of the capital.
The trade collapsed in the center of the city’s administrative center of Kalou.
People in the Central and the Guinea River also heard the call and joined the rest of the community.
There are only a few people out of the country and Mount Guinea.
However, many cities have rejected the initiative.
At benbere.org, a youth talk hall in Mali, the bloggger Adam Thiam wrote:
Translation Original Quote
Unforgettable events are now taking place in Guinea, as a result of unprecedented terrorist attacks, bullets have killed many protesters, blood in the streets, smoking in all, the burning fire in the air.
The citizens of the community were popular with the incident on social media:
Like Blaise Compaoreé [Burkinabé’s politician] Alpha Condé is on the road to destruction, will he hear the voices of his brothers?
It is only in the future that we will know. Now, the boat is breaking down.
On October 15, Guinea Bhiye Bary wrote:
Hamdallaye pharmacy ( #Conakry): Police awakened a group of residents this morning.
According to one source, the police are slapping and carrying supplies in the homes of the householder.
S. Nkola Matamba, a writer and activist of the Democratic Republic of Congo, expressed sadness:
One member of the former opposition group, who wanted to change the law out of love for him to rule for the third time, if he had to rule until the day arrived, Alpha Condé is just one example of the place that is causing indifference to Africa!
Congregations of Guinea, make your heart strong!
# GUINÉE – it’s a surprise. Condé’s protest against the government for the third time in one day has killed people.
The demise of political candidates for the presidential office is becoming more intense than Amoulanfe— Cheikh FallTM @cypher007) October 14, 2019
Guinea activist Macky Darsalam commented on the initiative to interfere with public opinion:
The opposition group of Guinea also has no protection during the attack: representatives of the opposition group have stopped participating in government council debates since October 11, 2019.
Violence against these political parties has taken a dramatic turn, according to the media station mediaguinee.org:
Translation Original Quote
...in the capital of the Union of Republican Forces (URF) of Sidya Touré, there was a quarrel between members of a group of opposers and those who had organized to prevent the protest from taking place one day after the protest in the affected areas.
The attack came to an end after the URF collapse and six unnamed people and their political party were detained.
#SexForGrades: African Education exposes the secret of sexual astonishment at Western African Universities
The shame of the victims is unrealistic
Boniface Igbeneghu, professor at the University of Lagos, Nigeria has played with the man in the veil several times (Image from BBC #SexForGrades)
#SexForGrades, a BBC commentary focused on the trends that university professors and students in Nigeria and Ghana have played on the Internet and has raised various questions about how to prevent the trends in society:
The investigation, which was released on October 7, 2019, was conducted by a spokesman named Kiki Mordi who had not completed his studies on the basis of not wanting to make mistakes with his university instructor who was missing from the test because he did not want to do so:
Boniface Igbeneghu, University of Lagos, who was diagnosed with error with the students in a subjective study conducted by BBC.
Image from BBC #SexForGrades.
An hour-long investigation exposed the behavior of “extremist love” at two Western African universities: the University of Lagos (UNILAG) of Nigeria and the University of Ghana.
Boniface Igbeneghu, UNILAG's lawyer and clergyman of the Foursquare Gospel Congregation, Lagos, is a member of the educational team.
In the BBC show, Igbeneghu expresses interest in a 17-year-old student who is not suspicious of being a BBC surgeon.
Do you not know that you are a beautiful girl?
Do you know that I am a clergyman of the religious congregation and that I am in my mid - 50 ’ s but that if I wish I was 17 years old, it would be good words and money...
At a meeting between the two, Igbeneghu broke fire and asked the girl to kiss and hug her in her street job.
The Foursquare Evangelical Congregation has stopped Igbeneghu from "in the work of the good news".
Additionally, the Lagos State University has dismissed Igbeneghu from school and has set up a show on the front door of a laboratory called "kill rooms", where the teaching chief holds parties at the reception of professional girls.
Tragic events years ago
The oil spilled bread has caused tens of thousands of Nigerians to respond online with the #SexForGrades on Twitter.
Many of the female users on Twitter express their grief by their experiences in sexual entertainment:
Meanwhile, the celebration celebrator and writer, explained "the great shame" that he experienced when a vice president of a university (DVC) touched him where he should not touch:
Nigerian high school experts have devastated women.
Nevertheless, as a result of the shamefulness of the victims, it is not easy to give a witness to corrupt criminals.
In 2016, the Parliament presented a five-year prison sentence for teachers who were convicted of mistreatment as well as students of "The Bill to End Sexual Corruption in High School".
Nevertheless, the Ministry of Education of the National Institute of Nigeria rejected the proposal, claiming that it rejected minorities, as a result of opposition to teachers and a lack of authority and higher education.
The proposal ended the law in a very profound way — thus preventing the president from defrauding him.
Is the #ChurchToo new #ChurchToo a love game?
During the seventh month of this year, the famous artist, Uzola Dakolo, accused the commander-elect of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COza) of violent relations with her at the age of 17.
Read more: A priest or an impostor?
Evangelizer of Ecclesiastes in the charge of rape
For the past six years, the criminal case has been charged with rape.
Nevertheless, the interview that Dakolo has accused Vatican has led to controversy over social media.
For a few days, the building of worship; #ChurchToo — my example in the #MeToo world — seized an international network in Nigeria.
The accusation spread from social media to street protest in major cities in Nigeria, such as Lagos and Abuja.
The observance of the #ChurchToo movement urged the government to eliminate “the punishment of women and girls.”
The house of worship #ChurchToo opened up silence but "propaganda of the growing rape culture, especially in the worship of the flock" in Nigeria.
It gave women an opportunity to say things from their mouth.
Like #ChurchToo, the #SexForGrades has exposed the abuse of the power that produces sexual immorality that women sincerely do not want outdoors.
Would this online sign serve as a means of protecting women’s rights outside of the Internet that would require adjustments in higher education?
He will tell only when and when.
One musical school in Zanzibar is on the streets
Dhow National Music School promotes Swahili culture
Students from the Dhow National Music School (DCMA) are playing, playing, playing, and playing in the Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019. DCMA Photo.
Thousands of visitors who flocked to the city of Stone Town, Zanzibar, one of the most recent events, have followed the sound of the National Music School Dhow (DCMA), the promotional music school, and the preservation of the island’s music customs near Swahili at the Indian Ocean.
Since 2002, the school has promoted and preserved unique Arab, Indian, and African music collections.
After 17 years, the school did not get enough money in the pocket and could cause the school to be blocked.
In a press release published by the DCMA authorities, 70 percent of students failed to pay as much as $13 USD a month.
With the support of the kind people who have contributed to the school, there is still so much money left to pay that it is likely that the door of the school is located in the Old Customs House.
Without adequate funds to make progress, the DCMA students and staff are afraid the tranquillity that comes from this famous school auditorium that makes the island sing — to the darkness.
The school is not only famous for music and the promotion of culture and heritage but also a home for youths who are living in an area where they can add to their knowledge.
A DCMA student is developing a musical instrument, taarab. Photo from DCMA.
"We [in the beginning] have to face difficult times", stated the CEO of DCMA, Alessia Lombardo, in a video DCMA.
From now until six months to this time, there is no solid basis for paying taxes to teachers and workers".
Meanwhile, 19 educators and other workers have worked for three months without charge because of a lack of funding in school collapse.
As the World Bank explains, despite the establishment of the school’s tourist area as a result of the old beaches and the expensive resting facilities, hundreds of indigenous peoples are unemployed even more than ever before.
For 17 years, DCMA has worked very hard using music to promote hereditary and Zanzibar culture.
The roots of the taarab musicians Sy Syri Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, also known as Bi. Kidude, Zanzibar, are the music festivals that contribute to the cultural and traditional interactions of the Swahili community.
In today’s world, students can learn indigenous music, such as the taarab, Ngoma and kidumbak, along with additives of musical instruments such as lyrical instruments as lyrical, mad and old, as heretics — and musicians — culture and behavior.
Neema Surri, a violin player in DCMA, has been learning to sell violin products since the age of nine in the DCMA video.
"I know young people who will be interested in music but who will not be able to pay for school fees because they are unemployed".
The DCMA students sing with stringed instruments at the Old Guard House, where the school landed, in Stone Town, Zanzibar, in 2019. Screenshot of DCMA's building.
At the conclusion of the DCMA courses, which have received a certificate and at the end of one year’s schooling, many of the DCMA students have grown up and played on a global drama.
Along with Zanzibar, former DCMA student, who is a teacher at the same school, Amina Omar Juma, who is a member of her group, who is "sincere in traditional "sincere in traditional "sincere in "Siti and Party", recently returned from a musical tour in South Africa.
He, a few members of his orchestra and a team of DCMA students, once released their first record, "Fusing the Roots", in 2018, enriching the audience in Sauti Za Busara, the most productive music festival in Eastern Africa.
Here is the music Siti and the band of the "Nielewe" ("Grow me away") and the picture of the song, which depicts the story of a woman who sees a subject and laments herself: The story is similar to that of Omar Juma:
Additionally: Korean singers and female singers oppose the abolition of female males.
History of culture and relationships
As many as 15,000 visitors have been able to watch the games, receive training, and speak with the singers for the future at the prestigious school.
The school has adapted to the cultural and cultural differences of "principles", located near the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf.
The Omani Sultanate community, which was "a major seafaring center in the 17th and 19th centuries", lifted its powerpiece from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From Stone Town, the kings of Omani were overseeing the flooding business of the time, including karate, gold, and clothing, as a result of hurricanes that comforted the indigenous ships of Arabia — Dhows — in the Indian Ocean, from India to Oman down to the East of Africa.
Youths in Zanzibar are keenly appreciative of the latest events that have a profound impact on their future, and they are adapting to what is seen in modern music.
The students and teachers of DCMA recently introduced "TaraJazz", a modern translation of the indigenous taarab and Jazz songs.
Ata violin, Felician Mussa, 20 years old, has been studying the stringed instruments for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most popular singers in the islands, depicted in a painting by artist Aline Coquelle:
The Swahili community relates the history of the cultural change in which DCMA is progressing with the interaction of her songs.
Each year, the school hosts programs known as "Swahili attacks", which performed a series of senior musicians from Africa, Arabic, European, and North American countries along with the DCMA students to perform in one week.
At the end of the "assassination", the new team will play a major role in Sauti Za Busara, and these partnerships will be a long-time interlanguage and cultural partnership that emphasizes that singing is the common language of the world.
DCMA organizes a musical program promoting class singing talents and showings with guests in Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019. DCMA is shown.
DCMA knows that music is a powerful tool for strengthening people and a powerful tool for unifying people despite habits — it also provides employment opportunities for young people who are talented but who are struggling to eat.
For the 1,800 students who have been trained in DCMA, this is the only familiar music site, where they are studying and improving their skills as musicians and musicians.
A traveler from Spain who recently visited DCMA wrote on TripAdvisor: "As for me, the symphony of the singers was the best time for me on this island".
As the Zanzibar tour department continues to expand, DCMA believes that music has a significant role in festivals, preservation and promotion as well as in the campaigns of culture, heritage and the history of Swahili.
Zanzibar exceeds its costly beaches and resorts — a place full of intelligent people who have talents in their heads because of the long-time relationship that made the area unique.
COVER SUBJECT: This publication has worked free of charge with DCMA.
Mistreatment continues to rob people of their lives in the Indian suburbs
Superstition and lack of awareness behind witch-hunting in India
Alongside Jamshedpur in Jharkhand. Photo by Anumeha Verma
On August 20, a mob arrested four elderly people without being prosecuted in the gumla region of Jharkhand, India, after being accused of abuse.
According to news reports, the elderly have killed a man, and the local community council has convicted them.
The four elderly people were dragged out of their homes, and the blind men struck them with a stick until they were killed.
Eight of these people have been arrested by the police.
According to a police report published by the Times of India, Jharkhand's armed robbery has sent 123 persons into custody between mid - May 2016 and mid - May 2019.
Thro the world, 134 people have been victims of the accusation of using “knowledge” in 2016, according to the National Criminal Organization.
Increasing Disease
"Judge is not new in Jharkhand", Prem Chand, Olusola and Chairman of the Free Legal Aid Committee (FLAC) in Jharkhand, said in a telephone interview.
FLAC is advocating prohibition against corruption in Jharkhand.
The company began operating in the area in 1991 when neighbors accused a woman of having been involved in the death of a boy.
He was attacked by a mob and killed by his husband and son.
He killed himself.
When Prem Chand and his associates visited these criminals again, they faced a challenge:
They were told that they remained under the charges.
And they believe that if the so-called person’s blood touches the land, he will lose his own strength.
Prem Chand said it affects a part of the population:
In the meantime, poor women are less likely to be physically active.
These were the Adivasis, Harijans, and Dalits.
The respect of women and their insistence on the law of rights to a world of dignity for all citizens.
Social and Political Truth
Protesters claim that the perpetrators are responsible for the abuse of superstitions in the countryside.
Without learning, there is a low-quarantine and high-quarantine health system in the area where these acts of sexual misconduct are so widespread.
These cases indicate that he begins with rumors.
With the laws of India that regard hunting as illegal, these cases have been viewed as a means of personal protection.
Additionally, excuses for taking possessions of women, revenge or violence against women.
As told by Prem Chand:
It is only natural to conclude that as soon as you defy a woman, you can subject her to abuse.
Nevertheless, it is vital to recognize that the practice of sexual misconduct is self-determined and is not a specific cause.
As for freedom, it is not uncommon for the panchayat to get involved in homicide even if there is no proper punishment orders.
Additionally, there are those who claim to be treated as treated as treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated treated trees.
These groups judge and punish people and have no control over them.
An incident in the Ajmer region of Rajasthan in 2017 on the penalty for a 40-year-old woman’s death.
According to law, the court has issued a measure that disproves such a ruling either from the victims of the arrest and from the victims of the arrest.
Nevertheless, those who were active did not even have access to the Constitutional Court before facing a human society.
Mistreatment throughout India
Jharkhand has recorded the highest number of cases involving kidnappings but not just the state.
There are also cases of deprivation recorded in Chattisgarh, Odisha, Gujarat, West Bengal Assam, Bihar, Maharashtra, and Rajasthan.
During an incident in 2014, Debjani Bora, an Indian rabbinic rabbinic, found herself paralyzed.
According to Debjani’s case, he was charged with murder in the village of Cherekali, which is located a mile away from Guwahati, the eastern capital of India.
The mayor of the village prayer mentioned his name as punished by the villagers.
2017 incident in Rajasthan.
Among these, a 40-year-old girl, Kanya Devi, was attacked and killed after being accused by her relative in the Ajmer district.
Self - Sacrificing and Presumptuous
People are charged with wildlife: death of humans or animals, droughts, unproduction of plants, and so forth.
The attack on these women (in addition to some men) was as cruel as a wild beast.
Sometimes, the accusations, along with domestic violence, come from relatives.
Some live and tell their stories and fight for their rights.
One of them was Chutni Mahato of Saratia in Jharkhand.
People from the region call it "tigress".
Since then, he has been charged with abuse of women and with the support of the Ministry of Public Information as a activist.
Chutni explains how a lack of unshakable support made it difficult for him to fight this immoral attitude.
Thank you for the support of the government and the government for the work being done here.
Nevertheless, I have suffered for this immoral conduct.
If someone comes to me for help, I will stay with them, he said in an interview on a subject.
Reducing Public Voice
Survivors and human rights activists feel that people of all nations are not supporting the end of kidnapping.
Human rights activists interviewed on the incident indicate that the defect of government and experts has not eradicated the corruption.
The best thing is that those who oppose this wicked system believe that change is possible.
In the words of Prem Chand:
Efforts to eliminate deprivation can follow the government’s policy of propaganda of literacy.
Additionally, there is a need for experts to approve the proposal.
B. Vijay Murty, a journalist and resident of Jharkhand.
Treatment of Myanmar’s orphans
Ayeyar Maung is encouraged by a camp worker. / Aung Kyaw Htet / The Irrawaddy
The article was of Aung Kyaw Htet, who studied with The Irrawaddy, Myanmar's online content company, edited by Global Voices in accordance with their partnership agreement.
When the forest officials found him in the dirt near Irrawaddy Coast, Ayeyar Sein was then in three months.
One of his legs has hit the killer carts.
He was killed by government officials and transferred to an elephant camp in the Bago District for treatment.
It is the eighth elephant to find refuge in Wingabaw, a place of refuge for unparented Myanmar elephants.
Another elephant, Ayeyar Maung, also found something.
In the meantime, the six-month elephant had beaten the cords.
He was trapped in the middle of stones in the same dungeons where Ayeyar Sein was found, and the rest of his team left him.
Nevertheless, he was released from the camp, and last year he became a member of the camp.
Both were the youngest orphans in the camp; the oldest elephants lived for four years.
All of them have one or more accounts of suffering from the human race.
Some have lost contact with their families, others have lost their orphanage after their parents were killed by domestic animals.
In the camp at Wingabaw, young elephants who do not have their parents have confidence in the daily food supplied by local overseers.
They were allowed to dig in the dirt in the morning and to dig in a small stream near their return to the camp.
Meanwhile, Myanmar will have approximately 1,500 elephants.
It is distressing, however, because suicides have prevented them from living on earth, killing an elephant a week.
Tobago’s debris is a powerful indication that there is no choice but to cope with climate change
The island's reefs are on "Bleaching Alert Level One"
Photo by Matt Kieffer, CC BY-SA 2.0.
The deforestation of the oceans is a key to the expansion of Tobago’s economy and the island’s surroundings.
We are referring to the biodiversity of the oceans (and the fishing grounds for local fishermen), which also provides shelter and protective shelter, which keeps hurricanes within the boundaries.
The Buccoo Reef is also famous for its three-most luxury tourists.
However, after a publication issued on August 22, 2019, by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coral Reef Watch said — Tobago’s coral coral reef was underground for cleaning "Extreme Rule", the island was viewed by the public.
Additionally, in a few weeks, the floodwaters may fly into the second round, causing damage to the lives of these coral residents, other creatures, and the islanders.
What is specifically missing?
The roommate and coronator are the water leaves that preserve nutrients and disinfect the body.
These leaves will supply the coral with the energy needed for growth, but water temperature changes are interfering with the relationship.
If the water is too hot (or too cold) corals will push up water leaves — and miss out on the food supply.
Butterflies, starvation will kill corals; the color that will change is the identifying mark, debris from purple and vegetation to white bones.
The First Division Declaration announces that if nothing is done, the corals will begin to recover.
IMA recommended that naturalists and citizens monitor the floodwaters for signs of deforestation during the next nine to twelve weeks.
The second stage will point to global coronation and coronary death.
What accounts for this?
As local environmentalist Anjani Ganase explains, the naturalist who created the coral reef of Tobago is an elevated temperature — part of the climate change.
In the Ímeel, Ganase explained that the oceans are responsible for increasing the temperature of the atmosphere, causing water — especially the deep waters of the Caribbean Ossua — to be extremely hot.
In fact, the 12-week shift of NOAA Tobago was closely linked to the corner of Lesser Antilles.
The stones in the region, such as Greater Antilles and Cuba, have already appeared in Volume II of the Declaration of Deliverance:
What is his body?
What is dangerous is coronary pollution.
Because the corals will feed the fish, they also stand as houses for the fish and for the young fish who are still unable to wash in the vast waters, so, if they are lost, the fish will go with them.
The fishermen are unable to catch up with the floodwaters.
Tobago trusts the local tourism company; 40 percent of tourists visit these corals.
If the treasury continues, people will not find coral stones, tourism dollars will be reduced, and tourism companies will be affected: resorts, restaurants, transportation and transportation management.
If torrential storms continue to increase as a result of weather disorders, coral stones are essential to attracting water reservoirs and stability as interferers between the sea and the coast — but global warming interferes with its operation.
Studies have confirmed that coral stones rescue 90 percent of Tobago shores from flooding.
Professor John Agard said that this activity would increase as storms increase and landslides increase in 2018 at the Festival of coral stones at the University of West Indies.
What can we do to stop it?
Ganase explains that this lack of water has caused extreme fishing and environmental damage as a result of the ravages of Tobago's coral reefs.
If this continues, the only way to regain the stability and stability of the coral stone is to regain their stability and maturity:
The coral stone needs to be a hidden place for the crowd, so that the ransom work is established to restore a healthy catch of fish and good water to the growth of corals.
He continued:
Everyone has the responsibility to reduce the impact of environmental smoke, and humans have the right to demand governmental advancement to provide sustenance, equipment, and education for storage and confiscation.
We need to control and store our resources, whether it is a government or a large corporation that uses these resources.
The government of the same region has been commissioned to announce the world’s responsibility to fight climate change.
On October 11, 2019, Governor Barbadia Mia Mottley mentioned the problem at the headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, urging major countries to take decisive action to cope with climate change.
He said, in the Caribbean, "there is only a limited amount of time because you are working for life".
Ganase admits that the situation needs immediate repair.
Everything he accepts to get a day’s chicken from the change and interruption of the corruption of corals will be given him, he says, in particular, that there is "work" for politicians:
As we look at it, it will not be easy, but there is another solution.
Tourism: End of Africa’s Sports
A petition for a passport is like a sacrifice for herdsmen
Photo by Natasha Sinegina (CC BY-SA 4.0).
Photo of the passport by Jon Evans (CC BY 2.0).
Photo revision by Georgia Popplewell.
In 2019, we refused to give Tombitai Olinila, a Nigerian writer and educator, a passport to attend the European Council on African Education held in Edinburgh, UK.
The National Assembly of Britain, Nigeria, stated that they are “not sure” that Oloyalya will leave UK after it is over.
Oloyalya returned to Nigeria, refusing to bear children.
In April 2019, the UK authorities prevented a 25 - year - old biologist from associating with their team at the London School of Economics Africa Summit.
Experts who are diligent and accurate in dealing with the plague of the black country have found no passports to help them participate in a conference on “the challenge of transmission of disease”
‘You won’t return!”
The indifference of the adopted Son to entry into certain cities is not just a trivial one — it also refers to an ethnic movement that supports the belief that the adopted workers and the rebellious have not been deceived to the point of reverence.
Section 13 of the International Declaration of Human Rights states that "Everybody has the right to leave whatever country he belongs to, including his own country, and return to his own country whenever he wishes".
The fact is, yet, if there are no passports and useful passports, it is not easy to use.
In some countries, the demand for passport is easy, but not so in other countries.
In the 2019 Henley Passport Index, Japan and Singapore are the easiest countries to reach out, while Angola, Egypt, and Haiti are at the base.
Additionally: ‘There are no Books : Tanzanian stars do not get a passport to the festival in the US
Kenya poet Ciku Kimeria explains living without the respect of "the right to passport".
The woman said that only passport does not transport people to another country because "there are such questions as, ‘Why are we here?"
asked by border officials, if they are not satisfied with the answer, the prosecutor may find himself in the streets.
For Nigerians who want to travel abroad to a foreign country, the request for a passport is like offering sacrifices for a hungry god.
Adeshina Ayéni (Job’s son), director of Global Voices in English, related her experience when she asked for the Lisbon, Portugal passport, for the 2019 Creative Commons Summit:
I was greatly rewarded when I received the news that I was going to speak on top of the program at the CC 2019 Summit in Lisbon....
On April 18, 2019, a few days after my birthdays, I picked up the passport requirements from Lisbon to participate in the conference at the VFS Global office in Lekki, Lagos.
The conference will be held from 9 to 11 of 2019 but will take 15 days for passports to be released.
On the day I was to leave Portugal, I had not received my passport back...
Eleven days after the conference was closing to the curfew, I took a job and obtained my passport in VFS.
The kids are happy, they’re happy.
One problem was the lack of a passport, and another was the lack of access to a conference.
My grief was overwhelmed by the insecurity of the Nigerian Central Bank that did not send money to the ocean; I could not return the necessary free travel money to those who owned money.
I was deeply saddened by the violation of my right to associate with my colleagues.
My voice was silenced!
The challenge: For African tourists in Africa
It was difficult for an African to travel out of Africa — but it was also difficult to travel abroad.
Inhabitants of countless countries in the North of the world can travel to many countries without a passport or with limited arms, but many Africans need passport to travel to half the rest of the countries.
Nigerian World Voice Adviser Rosemary Echo described "the struggle of African tourists in central Africa":
I am so happy that we are considering what African citizens experience when they ask for a passport and what is related to it.
This didn’t touch my heart like the struggle of African tourists in Africa.
At RightsCon in Tunis, and GlobalFact in Cape Town, I asked Nigerians if they needed a passport.
On this vacation day, I learned that a Nigerian journalist could not be present here at GlobalFact because he did not have a passport.
Nothing should be said of the Nigerians who fled from Africa before they could enter Tunis.
Last month, I met a journalist from eastern Africa who was asking for a passport in Nigeria. He was asked to provide professional driver’s checklist if he landed in the airport!
According to Rosemary, tourism in Africa requires traveling out of Africa to reach the destination in central Africa.
At the regional airline conference sponsored by the International Airport Programme (IATA) that was held in Accra in the month of June, Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia of Ghana expressed appreciation for “the merchant’s desire to travel from Freetown [Sierra Leone], for example, to make a two-day trip to Banjul (third through the country) for a journey of less than one hour.”
The importance of the aircraft was high with a huge amount of money rising across Africa.
Is it really possible for an African child not to return?
Relief work on Canary Islands in 2006
Photo by Noborder Network. (CC BY 2.0)
In the middle of 2010-2017, immigrants from suburbs of the Sahara City succeeded Syria as the most populous city in the world.
Many Nigerians are fleeing the country because of hunger and violence, in search of survival, in the United States or Europe.
According to a Pew 2018 survey, the number of migrants from the Southern Sahara City "whelmingly increased by 50 per cent in 2010 and 2017, above 17 per cent worldwide at the same time".
Nigerians from the Southern Sahara Desert City are also migrating throughout the world.
In 2014, there were approximately 170,000 illegal crew traveling across the Mediterranean to Italy.
Hundreds of people from the Southern Sahara Desert Cities.
In December 2018, the Brazilian Police killed 25 civilians from the Southern Desert City "who had been on the Atlantic for a month".
In December 2019, the U.S. Customs Office of the U.S. Border and Security in Del Rio, Texas, USA, arrested 500 immigrants from the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Angola who were seeking to take the Rio Grande River into the US.
Several reports have claimed that Africa is the center of poverty and war, yet Marie-Laurence Flahaux and Hein De Haas, experts from Oxford University and Amsterdam University, have denied this.
Flahaux and De Haas argue that it is not as sensitive to the feelings of the people of the world as it is to the " factories and investors" as well as the wise men.
Research has concluded that migrations from Africa have not occurred regularly, as a result of "the policy of development and social change" that promotes migration to parts of the world to the African community — the same as migration from other parts of the world.
Nameless reports, are often triggering traffic procedures:
Many countries believe that all African tourists will not return to their country, unless a traveler has sufficient proof to obtain passports.
It is not easy to open the eyes of non-Arabs about the bad reputation of the country from Africa.
In the meantime, the African countries have an obligation to coordinate the migration program. The only passport for all African countries is a solution — but not enough.
The Single African Air Transport Market (SAATM), as well as the Continental Free Trade Agreement, which was launched last year, has prepared these steps, but the fulfillment is still in short supply.
At this time, as the African, it is encouraging to travel to experience the humiliation of those traveling abroad — or to sell in an African border out of existence.
Whatever the case, the passport keeper is asking for a sacrifice and does not stop offering it.
False reports and racist statements were broadcast on social media during the Nigerian elections
Ethnic lies spread on social media during elections
President’s election of May 28, 2015 as it continues in Abuja, Nigeria. Photo from the U.S. Ministry of Tourism in Nigeria/Idika Onyukwu [Image for civilians: Property 2.0 Images (CC BY-NC 2.0)
This was the first two - fold report on hate speech, slanderous reports and lies online in Nigeria during the 2019 elections.
You can read the second part of the report here.
On February 23, 2019, the Nigerians passed the elections to elect new presidents and members of the parliament.
Two prominent presidential candidates, the elected president won a 15-man election that led him to victory over his predecessor, Atiku Abubakar, with "a set of swords 56 to 41".
We swore to Buhari for the second four-year term on May 29, 2019.
Read: #Nigeria Decides2019: Everything you need to know about this year’s general elections
Nevertheless, the election was declared with all its objectives, without interference from social media.
Extreme hate speech, ethnic intolerance, and false reports have spread like social media in pabambar on Twitter square.
Ethnic Hatred in Nigeria
Ethnic differences — some 250 and 500 languages – have at one time been a source of uncertainty rather than security.
This was a manifestation during elections when politicians used ethnic groups to proclaim elections.
From land, online discussions in Nigeria continue without resentment.
Read: Nigeria: Fighting ethnic intolerance — face - to - face and online
During the 2015 elections, for example, the Twitter Stadium in Nigeria became a bitter and competitive spot among the supporters of the two athletes, Goodluck Jonathan (PDP) and Muhammadu Buhari (APC, Imali, Hausa, Fulani).
Twitter became a tool for ethnic hatred and a tool for the political party.
Others feel that 2019 will be different because Buhari belongs to the General Progressive Party (APC) and Abubakar from the Democratic Party of the People's Democratic Party (PDP) who are Hausa, Fulani Imalle, but this is not the case.
Their supporters – Yemi Oshbinbajo (APC), Yoruba, and Peter Obi (PDP), Ibi’s son, are professed Christians — but from different backgrounds.
It wants to resemble the 2015 reevaluation but with another catastrophe.
Everything about Nigeria’s politics was deeply rooted in 2017, two years before the elections began, causing political uncertainty.
The Biafra Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), a group of Nigerians headed by Nnamdi Kanu, contributed to the unprecedented crisis.
Additionally: As hate speech increased, Nigerian writers succeeded
The desert landslides in northern Nigeria have caused the southern side of the country to be surrounded by herdsmen who are fighting against farmers.
A group of Christians “witting the Fulani shepherds who are Imoil come in to the south as a step from ‘Sondem' under compulsion.
The Nigerian government has launched an investigation of the attacks and "incrimination of lawbreakers", killing some 4,000 people from 2015 to 2018, according to the Amnesty International report.
From here on, racism is on the rise before the 2019 presidential elections.
The lack of belief has allowed publicity of false reports — both open and online — during elections.
elections and online beliefs in Nigeria
The number of electronic users in Nigeria rose from 98.3 in 2017 to 100,5 in 2018.
Facebook lies in the lead as Nigeria's most popular platform with 22 users followed by YouTube platforms, Twitter (6,000) and Instagram (5,000).
Among the 84 thousand voters registered for the 2019 General elections were 51 percent — 18 and 35 years old and 30 percent 36 and 50 years old.
Both of these days are the highest number of Nigerian electors, including digital engineers and digital alternatives.
As a result, he has not claimed that electronic media is a major platform for launching 2019 elections.
As a result, he found it difficult to print online news during the 2019 elections.
Lying reports have been proclaimed as true good news, and the supporters of the two most prominent political parties in Nigeria have dismissed them: the All Progressive Congress (APC) and the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
According to the ethnic observance that took place between 28 May 2018, 2018, and 29 May 2019, ethnic intolerance was a tool for unhealthy reports on both sides of Nigeria’s Twitter during the 2019 presidential elections.
These notices are recorded online at this time.
Speaking of false stories about racism, APC supporters insulted Obi because he restored the people of the Mountains to his position as governor of the State of Anambra, in southeastern Nigeria.
The tweet spread across the farm that claims that the Yoruba people are actively involved in the business dealings of Ibi people in Lagos. These reports are false and will be considered further in Part II of this article.
Image 1: Tweet of Festus Keyamo
Image 2: The secret is that Keyamo tari's image is based on fact.
For another example, one image was misused. On October 28, 2018, Festus Keyamo, director of the President’s Declaration Programme for Buhari, tweeted a picture (Aworan1) of a tree desiring in the middle of a missing railway:
The winds of the railway line from 1999 to 2015...
Thus, his ‘Fill Line’ is reestablishing the railway lines.” The PDP is taking the lead in 1999 to 2015.
Eventually, a Nigerian Twitter user followed the map to a Arabic tweet (Image2) that was published that month.
The tweet testifies that the photo is from Lebanon.
Keyamo’s aim was to show that Buhari’s administration has taken steps to repair the abandoned railway system.
However, another representation of the country that he used to describe the "steps" was disguised.
Image 3: Discriminate racial hatred
Picture 4: El-Rufai apologizes for the tweet “to create distress” on page 3
The day of elections, during elections and after elections, was marked by ethnic intolerance.
An ethnic tweet (Image3) Bashir El-Rufai, governor of Kaduna State, said that the Ebbe was the source of the revolt that led to the Civil War.
In the mid- 1970 ’ s, Nigeria fought a bitter war with Biafra, the town of Ibi in the southeastern part of the country, intending to separate from the Nigerian government.
However, according to Bashir El-Rufai, the outcome of the 2019 elections by his party, APC, should be viewed as a “Vengeance” from the Hausa people, Fulani.
He returned to apologize, after being blunted, for tweeting "in order to cause trouble" as shown in the Picture.
He also lowered the tweet ( Picture 3).
False reports from ethnic groups on social media during elections have been divided into two categories: informal and false.
Miroslav Tudjman and Nives Mikelic, professor of communication at the University of Zagreb, Croatia, translated a negative report into "principled news to mislead people".
The objective of spreading false reports as truth, is to separate misleading reports and false reports.
Tudjman and Mikelic say the spread of news is more subtle than the spread of news or the spread of false stories.
This is because the media broadcast "there is changing one's behavior" through "a unexpected incident or sensational action during [na's] interview".
For instance, the spread of the news tends to appeal to certain aspects or imperfections of the news for political advantage and change of thinking.
Fears of the 2019 elections because of false reports and the spread of newspapers are triggering uncertainty that begins with elections but leads to "bitter fear of the end of elections".
The second part of this article will review how this took place online, especially on the Twitter platform, with a number of examples.
This article is part of a series of progressive and systematic journals reviewing the rights of access to electronic media, such as access to electronic media and reporting during the necessary political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
This special project is sponsored by the Africa Digital Rights Fund and The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
In Kenya and Ethiopia, these men came to see ‘ artwork’ from heaven to dry the crater below the ground
Both men said that God appeared to them
The Dunbar basin crater in southern Ethiopia that Mohammed Yiso Banatah hauled out with his hands without using anything.
Allah has decreed that God’s house will be cleansed for the abolition of marriage.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein, used with permission.
On December 26, BBC Swahili released a presentation of Francisco Ouma, an elder from Busia, eastern Kenya, who heard God’s voice to dig underground holes.
The vision is based on a map in the eyes of her dreams.
Since February 2, 1967, Ouma has been following the direction from heaven to receive her dream.
Today, the crater is 24 and continues to grow.
Screenshot of Francis Ouma, who heard God’s voice at the bottom of a crater of 24 rooms on BBC Swahili / Instagram.
Since ancient times, many people have claimed that there is no guarantee that such dreams are generations from the universe, defending the mental health of such a person whose eyesight is seen in dreams.
However, the ministers of Islam, Judaism, and Judaism have borne witness to a vision from God ent that has been a dream for thousands of years.
"God showed me something like a map", Ouma told BBC Swahili.
Back then, while I was searching the land, I followed this map.
It’s not just when I’m digging, it’s better to digging, no.
He used both plows and hands, Ouma of underground stones that did not facilitate his digging.
The practitioner eventually found a place to fulfill the map of the crater below the land of God in his heart.
In one shelter, he had a stone on which was inscribed Jesus ’ words.
It was Jesus Christ who brought this news to me, Ouma said, and he explained it to me as he did to Moses.
Ouma believes that she is bringing back to the earth a new covenant with God.
The second stage is on the way.
This is the first stage of the covenant.
The other is on the way.
I cannot be dogmatic about what it will be because if I cut it down, I can exploit human nature.
As a result, I will wait for the release in due time, Ouma told BBC Swahili.
BBC Swahili has been viewed 50,000 times with an estimated 100 responses.
Since some have commented on the mental disorders of those who claim to have heard God in dreams, there have been dozens of spontaneous answers to God’s people who spoke to dreams.
An Instagram user wrote:
Translation Original Quote
For me, the people, I believe them more real, than those who use the word of God at the sanctuary, for the year 52 of our land — if not according to his heart, should not his community and government recognize him?
He did not even ask for assistance for the tractor or for financial support. He should not be convicted.
Mohammed Yiso Banatah in 2012 explained ten of Allah’s dreams of clearing God’s house of marriage underground.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein.
The House of God for the Ethiopian marriage
In southern Ethiopia, a similar testimony comes from an elderly man named Mohammed Yiso Banatah, who said in 2012 that Allah appeared to him in a dream in 33 years.
In view of the dreams, he heard Allah’s voice to dig God’s house to the marriage arrangement on the ground.
It is known as the Dunbar basin hole, which is located at the side of the Banatah Highway, halfway from the Hawassa and the Shashamene Highway.
Banatah said that in her third dream, she had seen the pattern for these buildings of God.
You can read a detailed account of Banatah’s dream and its history before his world’s archaeology begins here:
In his final dream, the tenth of the 1977 footnotes, a man appeared to take Mohammed to a small tree in his garden and pointed to his wound.
The man identified the site and told him that it would be located on the site.
In the middle of the day, he saw gold.
In the nearest areas, distant things are drawn to you.
We discussed where the excavation would begin, when it would start and how it would start.
The next day, when he visited the world, he began to fall with his hands alone without using a plow.
The crater below exposed to sunlight has become a very expensive reservoir for four miles [ 4 km ] of landslides.
Some pioneers have arranged for weddings here.
The construction of these facilities reflects Mohammed’s mental and physical design – he has spent hours quietly cleaning, painting, and architecting all the rooms and walls, along with cushions, and altars with sand, with other rooms shining in the sunlight window from unknown locations.
Thro history, the basement of the ground has been a figurative place considered to be a spiritual place.
A complete book entitled "Al Kahf" or "Iho at the bottom of the ground" appears in the Kuran sacred text.
It contains the story of a religious belief known as "Knowledge of the Crater", in which young people, for their faith, suffered unjust injustice and found lodging in a cave.
When they were kidnapped, they returned home and noticed that all citizens had become believers.
Why was Donald Trump famous in Nigeria?
Trump has many lovers in southern Nigeria
President Donald Trump returned to the White House in Washington on August 19, 2018.
Photo by Samira Bouaou/The Epoch Times, CC BY 2.0.
U.S. President Donald Trump has been downturned by people around the world because of his laws and his dealings with foreign affairs — but not so in such countries as Nigeria.
A recent survey sponsored by the Pew Research Centre revealed that tens of thousands of Nigerians "shaked his Ogun" trump "will take decisive action in the world's affairs".
On front lines and front lines, Gallup – the Washington's perfectionist and recommendation agency, DC, accumulated the results of Pew’s opinion assessments.
A Tweepsmap analogy of trump’s followers on Twitter gossiped that Nigeria was fifth in five countries around the world:
Nigerian author Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani explains it for the world on a radio program sponsored by BBC, that trump’s appearance as a "sincere man" has caused the most densely populated citizens of Africa to reach their goal:
People admire her stubborn behavior and are pleased with her speechlessness.
The Americans viewed him as a mystery.
His attitude is out of harmony with the world.
He is not the person they claim to be.
However, the kind of leader who speaks freely is not new to us.
As a result, his behavior did not deteriorate as the Americans did.
Another reason is religion.
The Cristeros love trump
Cheta Nwanze, Head of Research at SBM Intelligence, told Global Voices:
He asked me to find out where this survey was conducted in Nigeria.
I am confident that not all southern Nigeria expresses Nigerian love for trump.
Many of her lovers are believers, and they look at her as a good model.
Nigeria, with a population of some 200,000, has two major religions: Faith and Islam.
Strength and Faith plunder 50 and 48 percent of the population in Nigeria.
According to the study, this investigation was conducted "by a state government agency which has divided people into the region".
However, there are no voices among Adamawa, Borno, and Yobe in northeastern Nigeria as a result of the assessment of safety.
Nigeria has an indigenous government of 774, a local government department, and six provinces.
Northern, Northern, Northern, Southeast, Southeast, and Southeast.
Nwanze noted that the majority of Pew Research studies were conducted by believers in southern Nigeria.
The survey also revealed that the number of children who supported Kríst in Nigeria "shared in the US as a better city (69 percent) was greater than the Statistics (54 percent".
Following the U.S. Assassination of Iranian General Qasem Soleimani, the chief of police issued a Nigerian suicide campaign to destroy the "war zone".
The Islamic Party of Nigeria describes the death of a bullet rainstorm by the US to kill Soleimani as "a call to war against the Generation".
trump has been described as “one of the world’s leaders of our era who has a strong heart.”
Nevertheless, many Nigerians love trump.
Twitter became a counterfeit news site during the 2019 elections in Nigeria
Racial Hate and False News spread on Twitter
Photo by Nwachukwu Egbunike
This is the second part of a two-part report on ethnic hatred on the Internet, false reports and propaganda during the 2019 elections in Nigeria.
You can read the first part here.
In Nigeria, online communication groups are the most widely distributed sources of ethnic intolerance and distortion during elections.
During the 2015 elections, Twitter Nigeria caused conflict and opposition between the two most prominent supporters of the group at the time — Goodluck Jonathan (PPPP candidate and Ijaw) and Muhammadu Buhari (PPP Muslim candidate and Hausa-Fulani candidate).
The tweet became a tool for spreading racial and political hate speech.
The 2019 election season was quite different.
On May 15, the Russian Federation of Independent Reporters ( RSF) issued a report showing their opinion on the election campaign "discriminated by fraud".
Nigerians express their opinion.
journalist Abdulbaqi Jari tweeted:
Fake News and Politics in African countries
A 2019 study by Dani Madrid-Morales of Huston High School and Herman Wasserman of Cape Town High School found that in Nigeria, Kenya, and South Africa, "notes and false stories have been used to accomplish political interests".
Many false reports on social media even during elections have caused "inconvenience" among those who use social media "there they have repeatedly found "faithful news", said Madrid-Morales.
My study of ethnic groups between October 28, 2018 and May 29, 2019 on the 2019 Nigerian elections held on February 23, 2019 (election of the president and legislature of the National Assembly) and April 9, 2011 (election of the governor and legislature of the state House of Assembly) highlighted a two-stated event: a false report against the State House of Assembly.
False racist Reports
Peter Obi, deputy Atiku Abubakar, party candidate of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), was one who faced the threat of racist propaganda during the last elections.
Obi was a former governor of the state of Anambra in southeastern Nigeria.
A Tweet channel supporting the campaign for Buhari-Osinbajo, the Coalition of Buhari-Osinbajo Movement distributed a Tweet ( Atkaka1) accusing Obi of “sheltering the people of the northern kingdom of Nigeria from the state of Anambra while he was governor.
Image 1: Tweet by the Coalition of Buhari-Osibanjo Movement, accusing parents of ‘repatriating’ northern citizens to their homeland.
Index 2: Tweet by Nasir El-Rufia
Governor Nasir El-Rufai, governor of Kaduna State and member of the party that is defending the government, tweeted that Obi is "a person of ethnic discrimination".
El-Rufai’s statement did not favor Obi’s presidential position.
Read: A Nigerian governor warns the foreign government: Interfere in our elections to ‘ return to your homeland alive'
What really happened?
The Vanguard newspaper that in August 2013, 67 Nigerians, many of whom were from Ibi, were "written back from Lagos and abandoned to the same location in the Upper Iweka region" that is famous in Onitsha, Anambra State.
Obi, who was governor of the state of Anambra at the time, described this behavior by the Lagos group ‘Tunde Vashola in Lagos as "a lawless act and a violation of the civil rights of those who became citizens".
Following the public anger caused by this incident, premium Times that Obi was also guilty of similar accusations:
In 2011, he sent young petitioners back to the states of Ebonyi and Akwa Ibom, in the southern part of Nigeria.
Index 3: Tweet by Jubril A. Gawat
When Obi sentenced customers back to the states of Southern Nigeria, he did not dismiss the Northers, the Twitter account of the Coalition of Buhari-Osinbajo Movement was misguided.
In fact, the APC edition announced "a restoration of the North 70 to Kano State because of their demands" as on the Sahara Reporters online.
The apocryphal advocates of the APC have also used a false report against one race to denounce the candidate of the opposition party.
For example, Jubril Gawat, newly appointed governor’s assistant position on the latest media, tweeted that the candidate of the opposition party, Atiku Abubakar, was given a votes for the Ibi tribe.
Nigeria is a highly ethnic nation.
And politicians use this racism as a drug during elections because they need to divide people into the "we" group with "they".
Therefore, it is said that he intends to accuse Obi of deporting Northerns to their homeland of violating the prevailing persecution between Ibi and Hausa that caused the Civil War of Nigeria.
Their objective, along with the propaganda of false reports, was to present Obi as a activist of the Biafra ethnic group.
The ethnic group in southeastern Nigeria, many of whom are Nigerians, tried to evacuate the country through a three-year civil war that took place between 1967 and 1970.
As a result, they intend to use the account in paragraph 3 that says "Atiku's elections led to the kidnapping of the indigenous hatred that exists between Hausa and Igbo.
During the 2019 elections, this meant that Atiku was a debtor of Ibi ethnicity who had attempted to separate Nigeria.
The contents of paragraphs 1 through 3 highlight the thinking that has the power to awaken past events that have not yet disappeared from both sides.
According to UNESCO, fraudulent reports have caused some “wholesome perpetrators” to become “noticed and distributed” by the media.
People’s hearts are deeply prejudiced by racial elections, and these publishers are influenced by false stories.
The lie that the Yoruba are actively inflicting influence on the Eblaites in Lagos
Indicator 4: A Tweet image [sext from Twitter and removed] from Chioma, who proclaims the counterfeit news that the Yoruba people are burning burns in Lagos.
Additionally, the party’s supporters used the ethnic list to lead elections ahead of the APC in Lagos.
Subjects 4 and 5 depicting Tweet from a PDP sympathy that claims that the Yoruba people are being inflamed by fire in the Ebla community in Lagos.
The reports were false, and the Lagos State Police quickly proved the truth to kill him.
A Facebook account that is about to use all the information on the link 4, along with a page on which the road is blocked.
The African Check reports that this is an image taken from a protest site on February 24, 2017, which took place in a suburb of Pretoria, South Africa.
Subtle 5: A Tweet depicting a false report that the Yoruba people are flocking to Ebla in Lagos II
Attempts to fulfill political thinking
On February 13, a Twitter user named Souljah tweeted that Ballard Partners, an Alukoro company located in Washington DC, to make a campaign for Abubakar as president, conducted a survey that foreshadowed the candidacy of the opposition party, the PDP.
On February 5, the report was issued by Brian Ballard, president of Ballard Partners, to Olúola Saraki, the general director of Abubakar's elections.
Souljah’s tweet was widely distributed by thousands who liked it, and thousands who repaired it for reasons of isolation.
The election day was scheduled for the president’s election on February 16 (a renewed edition on February 23), with the results of a three-day investigation on the part of the opposition party of the PDP..
Read: Nigeria postpones 2019 general elections with an hour-long votes due to "organisms and procedures"
Index 6: Photo of a Tweet by Souljah
However, on the eve of February 13, Ballard Partners noted the conclusion of the study, which has been described as " Fraud", and they confirmed that they did not "inquiry for the party of the PDP".
Ose Anenih, a member of the PDP, accused members of the APC headquarters of Tweetah who shared the findings with the Nigerian police and the INEC for “crime and lawlessness” attempting "willing to interfere with elections".
But this is not the first time in elections that political opinions on the Internet are being manipulated by false reports.
Reference 7,7 Image of a Tweet by the Ballard and partners company that disclosed a false investigation.
Many false supporters of the president
Index 8: Photo of Tweet by Lauretta Onochie, by Lauretta Onochie, presidential helper
On December 4, 2018, Lauretta Onochie, a helper to Buhari [a former presidential candidate] tweeted a photo with food and money of 500 that was distributed on the second day of the election campaign for Abubakar in Sokoto, northeastern Nigeria, the preceding day.
The accusations of Onochie are completely unfounded. In fact, the painting was depicted in “From February 2017, Chuba Ugwu sheds light on this in response to her tweet.
Onochie has reviewed over 1,000 images that Onochie had distributed on Twitter between August 1, 2018 and August 31, 2019.
Internet Opposition: case in Nigeria
Article 26 of the Nigerian Internet law rejects "a promise of violence and abusive speech on behalf of people of their race, religion, ethnicity, ethnicity, or nationality".
The victims will be sentenced to five years in prison or at least ten thousand tons of penitentiary [where $28,000] or both.
In March this year, Enough is Enough Nigeria (EIE), a group of youths and Paradigm Initiative (PI), a socialist and socialist group, launched a complaint against Onochie and his assistant governor, Gbénga Godpomi of Kogi State, in a court case in Abuja.
Both organizations "summing up opposition issues involving Onochie and Godpomi on the Internet" that have found violating the Nigerian law on online issues of 2015.
Read: How will the 2019 presidential elections be organized?
Twitter warriors who share lies
Many of the above examples are not unrealistic. They especially tried to spread lies as if they were true.
This is hardly surprising because the APC and the PDP have become online warriors in an attempt to "extinguish bad news" about them or to "protect" them during elections.
Both sides have used "killers on the Internet" — "a group of government participants or politicians who have been given work to influence the thinking of citizens to change their views on the Internet".
This year’s elections are an edition of 2015, where the APC and the PDP have participated in spreading false and false stories and campaigns aimed at fulfilling the ideals of politicians “by carefully organizing campaigns to deceive unwary electors,” says Eshemokha Austin Maho, a Nigerian expert on propaganda and media.
This has been accomplished by “the establishment of false Web sites" that distribute “not-named speeches" and "not-reliable reports along with attempts to implement political ideals".
As a result of their influence, Twitter has become a pagan field of racism and campaign to implement political views before elections, during elections and after 2019 elections in Nigeria.
This article is part of a series of online cases involving online violent attacks by means of such methods as chasing the post and fraudulent reports during major political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project was sponsored by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Africa receives hundreds of thousands of dollars from a large banking system for cleaning and repairing operations
Wise Africans must ‘shake the fruit of the many words that symbolize the coming'
Nigeria's singing captain D'banj is speaking at the CAX Rest Day program in Cairo, Egypt, in 2018. Dbanj told the businessman that it is “invited and deserving” to be praised.
Thro history, cultural and cultural organizations have been performing extraordinary acts in the field of economic development, their contribution and the ability to bring about social and cultural changes.
In 2013, the CCI found $ 2,250 per cent of the United States and 295 per cent of these services from Africa and Central Eastern Arabic communities, according to a survey conducted by the United States.
As a result, Afreximbank, with UNESCO and the African Development Fund, established the Creative Africa Exchange (CAX), which will be "stated as a tool for combining the resources and resources of the modern technology industry" that will be implemented.
CAX was launched in 2018 at the African Market Exhibition in Cairo, Egypt, in December 2018.
Wise and intellectual volunteers from the music department, art, painting, poetic, printing, painting, and telescopes represented the Festival of Unfermented Wisdom in Kigali, Rwanda, on June 16, 18. 2020.
He advertised himself as "the first celebration to gather black people who promote the exchange between wise and practical people in Africa", with some 2,000 participants from 68.
On the second day of the celebration in Kigali, Professor Benedict Oramah, president of the Afreximbank, announced the U.S.A.S.A.S.A. 500 dollars "willing to contribute to the development of African culture and trade" for two years, New Times Rwanda the message.
Omarah told the visitors at the ceremony that the relief fund, which would contribute to the previous operations of the Bank, would be available in the Bank, which will be used in behalf of those interested in it.
He said that according to Africa’s ingenuity and ingenuity, there is no tool that will allow them to reap the fruitage of the many symbolic words, as explained by the Afreximbank.
He added :
Because of the economic and cultural instability, Africa is not in the mental market, as shown in music, theaters, poems, photographs, and television programs of the world.
African countries generate more free trade products than they sell abroad or among themselves.
He commended Egypt for “the unprecedented development of the sea within the past ten years”.
In December 2019, Afreximbank was awarded at the FIFA International Fashion Awards in Cairo for its contribution to the support of Africa's natural resources.
Omarah likewise commended the Nigerian Nollywood show.
On the Twitter platform, the actors at the conference expressed appreciation for the convention at the Intare Hall in Kigali:
In a speech at the CAX 2018 vacation day in Cario, Nigerian singer D'Banj told bank officials and investors:
What is needed from your youth is to help you understand that the refining of oil is a wholesome and praiseworthy tool for the company.
The CAX week, which will be celebrated with the Africa Market Exhibition (IATF2020) from January1-7 in Kigali, will follow the latest CAX 2020 vacation day.
Speaking in Nigeria joins their peers in celebrating the International Telephone Day 2020
Radio — an invisible and portable means of growth.
Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma'aji, CC BY 2.0.
There is no lie that the Internet is a media tool before it has contributed greatly to the world’s economic development.
The Yoruba insisted that the title be given to the mayor, to the owner of the crown", so the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UN UNESCO) celebrated February 13 as the International Day of Communication.
UNESCO commends this day to open the eyes of people to the influence of the media in life — an indiscriminate and portable broadcast.
The Nigerian speakers joined in international broadcasts to commemorate the day and to advocate the development of the digital world.
"The media is changing the way we do things, and yet the media is still the most useful tool for many people to hear the news of what is going on, the most effective tool in the media’s efforts because it has the power to reach deep and rural areas..." Clergyman George Bako said, while speaking in publicity at the Assembly site.
Cleric George Bako spoke at the International Broadcasting Day conference in Lagos, Nigeria.
Photo by Son of Jobba, used with permission.
FR CN — also called Radio Nigeria — is the leader of the digital networking project in Nigeria, along with a group of interested people listening to it throughout Lagos State on three Web sites, named Radio One 103.5FM, Metro 97.7FM, and their social networking manager Bond 92.9FM.
Each of these sites — with its lovers and listeners — is used in English, Arabic, Hausa, Igbo, and Yoruba languages.
Media Landscape of European Journalism Centre says it is still the best media channel in Nigeria.FM (Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo-Ameo
In 2019, Nigeria’s Diary Radio Stations Ratings of August showed Bond FM holding first place in Lagos State as the most widely distributed website.
As a result of the event, spokesmen throughout Nigeria announced their love for the radio through the Twitter platform:
Dan Manjang, governor of Plateau State broadcasting and advertising, should speak everywhere for "the efforts, efforts, and time" used in the broadcasting of the news and the various educational programs:
The Nigerian radio broadcast began in 1933 with a story broadcast by the National Radio of Amunis (RDS), which suggested broadcasts in public places where people would listen to the British National Radio's foreign media.
In 1950, RDS wore new clothes — it became the National Broadcasting Service (NBS) — and later the National Broadcasting Service (NBC) and the National Broadcasting Service (NBC) in the mid - 1970 ’ s.
"The first radio station in Nigeria was established at Ibadan in 1939.
The website of Kano was published in 1944," according to the online news agency Legit.
Legit explained that RayPower FM, the first independent radio in Nigeria, was released in 1994 and has been broadcast worldwide since 2007.
The radio has served as a means of inspection for those in positions of authority, legislation, and publicity that will have a profound impact on people.
In 2019, the National Communication Council of Nigeria (NBC) dismissed African Independent Television and RayPowerFM as a result of the publication of an anti-governmental program.
Similarly, in 2019, JayFM who was in Port Harcourt was killed after being accused of opposition.
Radio Nigeria advertised itself as "a thousands of years of broadcasting" and joined international radio station for the International Broadcasting Day celebration 2020.
Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma'aji, used with permission according to CC BY 2.0.
A radio that promotes unity and promotion
UNESCO urged all citizens to commemorate the International Broadcasting Day by developing social networking programs with the media, government agencies, private and non-governmental companies around the world.
The theme of this year’s International Broadcasting Day, which is the 14th category, is " Broadcasting and Diversity."
The Nigerian radio is awakening its message of meditation that promotes people’s interests and the unifying of social, educational, and social systems that enable Nigerians to develop citizenship.
This is useful in times of divisive, ethnic, and political instability that confront Nigeria.
Nigeria is ranked 14th in the world, 9th in Africa in the 2019 climate of simplified Citizenship.
Since 2011, Boko Haram, an Islamic activist in the northeastern part of Nigeria, has threatened the hearts of the people and the mass destruction of violent attacks.
Read more: Nigeria: Failure of a City — true or discreet?
In further Nigeria’s progress, the authorities of the Lagos Branch Committee, FRCN, organized a program to mark the International Telephone Day of 2020.
The game began with a 1,200 competition on "why I was interested in listening to the radio" for college students.
The students of the media presented a five-minute presentation that focused on the key to achieving the goals for growth. Two contests were won.
The winner of Mater Christi Catholic Girls' High School, Eagle Games, Ecuador State, commemorated the first time he had a radio interview when he was five years old:
It seems that I was only in my late teens when I first had my mobile phone.
I printed his own documents, and it spread.
I was amazed to hear this voice coming out of the "box" and think that people were inside it.
I was disappointed and asked my father what it was and he explained to me what the radio was.
On February 12, high school students, students of the media, broadcasts, and broadcasts in the media, as well as radio lovers arrived at Lekki Coliseum in Lagos for a conference to discuss the importance of digital development.
On February 12, high school students, students of the media, broadcasts, and broadcasts in the media, as well as radio lovers arrived at Lekki Coliseum in Lagos for a conference to discuss the importance of digital development.
Photo by Son of Jobba, used with permission.
In the middle of the day, special speakers, representatives of the Lagos State, Mr. Otunba Gani Adams, President of Kakanfo State, and other visitors gathered at Lekki Coliseum for the evening gathering and the celebration of the International Telephone Day.
The principal speakers, such as cordelia Okpei and others who attended the ceremony.
The award for active activity and service went to the deserving ones.
The interdependent program came to an end with the call to the publishers on the air, where people were asked to say “Happy the World Translation Day” in different languages and tongues:
No one participated in the ceremony. The voices of the World Voices team appeared on the Web site Metro 97.7FM.
The first of these ‘is the National Radio Day of Nigeria 2020, but workers and radio lovers hope that the event will be held annually.
The mayor hoped that the Yoruba people would welcome the ‘alphabet’s speech ’ that he had practiced
Will the new constitutional codex apply in the future?
The Chief Tolullá Ogunotósin stood beside the king of Yoruba’s carpenter, Mr. Ilé-Olu-Olu, on the seat.
Photo by Mr. Ogunotósin.
After the worldwide declaration of the 2019 International Year of indigenous languages and the Declaration of the International Year of indigenous languages 202-2032, many African citizens have embarked on a special campaign to help develop African languages.
The use of Latin-language scholarship will soon be the culmination of the curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious curious.
The new Yoruba alphabet is coming in hopes of replacing Latin, which has been used for a hundred years and more.
According to Chief Ogunotósin’s opinion for Global Voices in an interview on WhatsApp, he was exposed to dreams of these unusual visions.
Currently, he has traveled throughout the country — from Benin to Nigeria — to proclaim "the alphabet that speaks" of him, as the ancestors sent him.
The Chief Oguntósin believed that Odduva, the father of the tribe of the Yoruba people, used the alphabet in ancient times — but it was something to be forgotten.
The symptoms are 25 in all.
African linguists say that for the advancement of the continent, it is necessary to have a code of language or a code of writing that belongs to it.
The Niger-Congo language, a long-time dialect that is commonplace as the Yoruba language should not insist on rejecting the ideas and experiences of her life.
Read: English dialects: Changing languages
In 1843, Crowther of the Service Committee of Faith (CMS) Cleric Samuel issued an edition of the Yoruba edition of the Latin standard with additional vocal signs — or vocal signs.
Since then, thousands of books have been printed in Yoruba by the use of Latin text rather than Ajami, an Arabic text that had previously been used in Western African languages like Yoruba and Hausa before 1843.
Proponents of the language acknowledged that the use of Latin, which is a foreign documentation, for the rejection of African languages, enslaved the land.
This new codex campaign was adopted in accordance with African Signposts, such as the hieroglyphics of Egypt, the Akan Signpost of Ghana, the Ge'ez of Ethiopia, a map of the Nahibidi Middle East of Africa dating back to 5,000 years before the birth of Jesus, and an African Signpost is their source.
An examination of the "phabette"
The President of Global Voices in Yoruba, Mr. Joobai interviewed Mr. Ogunotósun by means of audio recordings via WhatsApp, to learn more about how he had found this new version.
The 43-year-old Chief Oglonotósin explained that after his father’s reunion in 1997, he had to take on the role of fatherhood as firstborn to care for his brothers.
Nevertheless, as a Yoruba official, his efforts to promote his culture focused on the unity of the Odduwa people were a very important concern among them, and he acted as a mediator.
As the expansion of this culture increases, you are not content as much as you would like.
In 2011, he added two thirds, three thirds, and went through the fields.
The Babalai, the Strong One, told him to go to his family’s shrine in the Farasian province of Badagry, Lagos State, Nigeria, saying he would find a way to point to what Elédus had sent him to the world in the shrine.
At the shrine, he found a “ Foreign thing” that he brought back to his home in Porto-Novo, Ben.
When he arrived home, darkness covered the birdcatcher’s room.
There's no electricity in the reception room, and it's accessed via radio.
He puts the unusual items on a living room and turns the screen, and he is amazed that what he has put on the chair is missing.
He searched the whole house before he found it on the inside.
That night, he slept with the strange thing in the mainland. He told Global Voices:
I dreamed of going to the sun.
When I arrived, it was dark and the alphabet was shown to me as an example.
Whenever I slept, this dream was the same in a marvelous way, I went from place to place, teaching people how to use the new style...
For three years, he continued to dream about the alphabet, he continued to see again and again, yet he did nothing more.
During this time, in 2016, I went to the sun again, and I met a man, Larmud, who taught me the sound of the alphabet and commanded me to spread the teaching of writing and reading the signs worldwide.
I dreamed of an old man — and he would tire me — when I woke up.
He began to fear Mr. Ogunotoshin — he was tired from the heart, saying to the Global Voices.
He decided to present the dreams to Onikoy, the Public Information Officer of Port-Novo, who opened him up to the order he had been ordered in a dream.
As a result, he is traveling from region to region in the country to spread the knowledge of Odduwa's alphabet.
Photo and instructors that taught students how to compose Odusduva alphabet in a classroom in Benin:
The Yoruba sabbath promotion
In 2017, Chief Ogunotósin, along with the supportive kings of the State of Yoruba State at home and outside the wall, congratulated Mr. Ruf Aredeyola, former state ruler of Oshun State, in the state capital, Thessalonica, to ask for support for the release of the new Duba State.
He is currently the Minister of Home Affairs for Nigeria.
A letter to the governor of Oshun State commemorates the plans to rebuild the new alphabet that have not yet been fulfilled.
Three years have passed, and sadly, the former governor’s promise to ensure the destruction of the new alphabet has not yet been fulfilled in schools in Southeast Nigeria.
Meanwhile, Mr. Ogunotoshin has written a book and read an illustration and commentary that released the new edition of the edition — for the public on the Internet — as well as for youths who have no money to complete it.
The Chairman of Lagos State has forgotten YouTube, WhatsApp, and Facebook Groups: "The Education of Obadiah Odduwa" and "Alifheth Odduwa" have promoted and educated students who are interested in building the codex.
He urged all who faced a challenge to promote a discovery that would disregard the code of Amunism and give the Yoruba population the proper identification that has to do with the development of language.
A kind man, Sunday Adeniya, sponsored the release of 1,000 volumes of "Abeybajeji Odduwa" literature for elementary school students.
Read: Fading into the translator: Why the Google translator fails — in translating the Yoruba language — and other languages
The publishers of the alphabet’s textbooks are presented in Ibi, Hausa, English, and French. Nevertheless, there is little support for the alphabet’s distribution.
A positive step was the Odusduwa’s briefing.
However, drawing from Latin to new standards will present a major challenge.
In any case, what will contribute to the progress and development of the Yoruba language is the Odusdue alphabet — what the Yoruba generation will call ours.
Translation in English: Changing languages
Are you calling bread or bean cake?
Bread or beans cake in Nigeria is a breakfast meal in Nigeria, July 11, 2013. Photo by Atimukoh from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
multilingual relationships have existed since ancient times.
To illustrate, let us look at a phrase like "restaurant", a word borrowed from French to English.
Today, this expression — expressions that have been translated from one language to another without a translation of it — is rare in English, as if it were not translated.
These differences occurred as a result of international contact, migration, commerce, and trade.
As a result of the dialogue between these people, language has become a part of the language, phrases, and vocabulary.
This incident did not save the Yoruba generation.
There are approximately 40,000 English-speaking people in Nigeria, and from 1914 to 1960, the English-language form of the Yoruba-speaking language has increased.
Approximately half of the English expressions are used in the English language. Consider the expression "cup" He became a cupbearer.
We called "phone" in the telephone, "ball" in football, "television" in the telephone, and the like.
These expressions of "interpretation" make the language more meaningful.
Also, there are expressions in the Hausa language spoken by 44,000 people in Northern Nigeria.
This language uses a multitude of Arabic expressions, such as profanity and profanity and profanity and profanity and profanity.
The excitement in the Yoruba language is that people use them in daily conversations as they stream into the language.
You will hear such expressions as: “Help the child take the ball” in English.
Adi, a spokesman in the Russian language, is a spokesman in the Russian language, and the mourners know how to use it.
The Yoruba language has a unique challenge in terms of speech than that of a translator who uses Yoruba-language expressions to translate Yoruba-language expressions into English rather than pure Yoruba-language.
For example, bread — which the Yoruba people have translated bean cake — especially in conversation with visitors.
The use of speech in simple language contributes to a culture — widespread — that will enable language to become acceptable.
At present, sushi Japan has no other name — sushi is a sushi.
If this is the case with the languages, languages, and customs of the Yoruba language, it will spread across Nigeria and the country where the Yoruba language is used worldwide.
For example, the border is a famous Yoruba food, especially abroad.
This expression has become widely used in other languages if expressed by Yoruba mourners.
Translating "yam flour" reduces the power of the assembly — eliminates "the Yoruba's position."
As we look at the English expression translated into the popularity of the modern-day English Translation, the rendering of the Golden Rule has been translated into the vernacular.
It means “wholesome,” or “wholesome,” derived from the Yoruba phrase.
This is closely linked to phonology and phonology: Yoruba does not tolerate the use of phonants and the use of phonants.
As a result, the English-language text has been added to the foundations of the United States.
Nevertheless, it is clear that it is from the Yoruba language that it has emerged. This is a promotion for the Yoruba community.
In recent years, numerous English languages as used in Nigeria have been added to the Oxford English dictionary.
The Yoruba language will advance if the translation teams contribute to the development of the language; its use in the media is necessary in the light of today’s global revolution.
In the end, this will intensify the Niger-Congo-language research.
Disappearing from the translator: Why the Google translator fails — in translating the Yoruba language — and other languages
Many translators are uninterested.
user of the Wikimedia Commons Community of Nigeria, October 2018, BY.2.0.
Britain has dominated digital communications as the "international" language for digital communications from the beginning.
In February 2020, according to Web Tech3, half of the world’s online spaces were written in English.
But as many people speaking the world’s languages are on the run, it is a sign of struggle for one’s own language — an opportunity to translate into a variety of languages that are to be translated.
Hundreds of technological companies have done significantly to record non-language text messages on the Internet, developing linguistic methods of communicating. Facebook, Yoruba Names, Masakhane MT and ALC are examples of major companies and a few developing translation companies that have collaborated with non-language languages.
Meanwhile, prior to February 2020, Google announced that it will include five new languages in its Global Translation work, such as Kinyarwanda, Uighur, Tatar, Turkmen, and Odia, after four years of rest with a new language.
One man feels anxious as he reads a statement on the Internet. Photo by Oladimele Ajegebele, recycling permission from Pexels.
But since you have produced a free translation that has noted that, how much better, is it?
And, it’s not always, it’s not always?
Such translations are often a source of controversy and difficulties.
Twitter translates English into English by using the Google Translation as it allows and with rare consequences at all times — and the terms are regular.
The reason for these conflicts is that technological companies use the Internet to compile their language for interpreting phrases.
These collections may work for some languages, but languages, such as the Yoruba and the Congo, are two languages in Nigeria, if this is the challenge, as a result of inadequate vocabulary and unassigned sentence that refers to the sound of voices.
In response to the problem that occurred in four years before adding to five new languages, the company’s spokesman revealed:
Translated phrases are accumulated on a global basis, but if the language does not have enough phrases on the Internet, it is difficult for our computer to support such languages effectively.
Nevertheless, as a result of our developments in technology and free of charge, ecent advances in our machine, we have given support to these languages.
Also, most people do not know how to write words — or call speakers — in these languages.
Therefore, a qualified interpreter is not a summary because these errors cannot be identified.
Many translators are uninterested, especially in terms that reflect more than one translation.
For example, the Yoruba word for queen and queen has a different meaning.
Many machines translate both expressions into "queen".
However, from a cultural standpoint, it is vital to conclude that the queen and queen interpreted differently: queen means "queen" in English while queen is "wife of the king".
Despite these problems, technology has contributed to the development of African languages in online places, which have produced new phrases.
African language has advanced through the use of new technology, such as mobile phones and mobile phones, and the use of new phrases called these new technology.
This, in turn, has affected the use of these languages.
As a result of these developments, the number of African languages has increased.
For example, the Yoruba language contains such phrases as air conditioner); phones ; phones ; and grinder); and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ; and phones ;
Ibi’s language has a similar vocabulary, such as browsing sarcasm and browsing sarcasm and browsing sarcasm and browsing sarcasm.
Names have been created according to their work.
In radio and advertising programs in the Yoruba language, students have learned that many people call TVs.
This creation raised questions and opinions — some students argued that the video could be called a video because of their activity.
These digital challenges are the ones that will contribute to the development of the language — they contribute to the development of language and technology.
In 2019, according to CNN report, Goat opened its first humanitarian search site in Accra, Ghana, aimed at "abouting Goat's Goat's Goat's Goat's Goat's Goat".
Research expert Moustapha Cisse, chief of Google AI in Africa, believes that it is worth "a job advantage of over 2,000 branches," reports CNN.
Mozambique and BMZ announced their collaboration to support a special project designed to promote digital communication for the African-language field. With such volunteer projects, the future of the African-language field is good.
Religious institutions in Greece and North Macedonia refuse to change their religious values to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic
"Lord’s Evening Meal", depicted in 1442 by Fra Angelico. Without a copy from Wikipedia.
As the number of people infected with COVID-19 increased in Balkans, some religious buildings did not change the religious values that could contribute to the spread of the Coronavirus.
The religious system known as the eating and drinking of the Lord’s blood or the Last Meal in which Christendom’s early followers would distribute the sanctified wine at the same time, and the Roman Catholic Church would offer free cakes from the priest’s mouth.
The World Health Organization (WHO) urges us to avoid exposure to infectious diseases and to limit the risk of blood transfusions through blood transfusions, blood transfusions, and airborne contact.
In its issue of December 9, the Ancient Greek Ministry stated that it would not change religious values to conform to safety measures.
He also said that "the coronavirus cannot be contracted from the Eucharist, and that the sons of God should pray for the killer's disease".
The Bishop of GOC Klimis, of Central Peristeri, in the vicinity of Athens, said it would be against the Lord if anyone claimed that religious principles could infect him:
Eating and drinking blood are life.
It was a miracle.
It is contrary to the Lord’s belief that the Eating of the Lord’s blood can cause disease.
COVID-19 had been beaten by 89 people in Greece, but no one else.
Greek authorities, who have closed schools and banned conventions on the road and prevented disasters, urged the House of Worship to reevaluate.
On a week’s religious rest day, the president and his government officials went to a religion.
In the neighboring city of Greece, North Macedonia, Macedonia’s Old Church – Ohrid Archbishopric seems to follow the same path.
Although the House of Worship has not yet made any announcement of the disaster, it provides body and blood to the members of the congregation as it does.
Reports were made when the presbyterian center of Prespa-Pelagonia Diocese published the Russian translator Pravoslavie.ru (interpretation of "Eternal Faith"), who said "believers would not be allowed to suffer from congregation patterns".
The article was signed by Russian cleric Sergey Adonin, who claimed to have an inexperienced medical knowledge.
He added in the article that the use of the same immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense immense im
In North Macedonia, those who adhere to the religious values say there is nothing wrong with the values of the church.
For instance, a social media activist — a former activist who used to be an antiseptic campaign — said on Twitter that he has participated in harmful religious practices:
Tweet: I partake of the Lord’s blood on the last Sunday in the Holy Annunciation Congregation in Skopje Hospital and will continue to do it!
What’s the problem?
The headline: With all the requests of the health-care organization: Believers consume the blood of the Lord without fear of coronavirus.
Sladjana Velkov, a well-known opposition worker in Serbia and North Macedonia, recently said that the situation was "thinking" and "thinking, which is not the same as the previously known flu that affects elderly or infirm people".
In Italy, where 631 people were killed and about 10,000 were infected, a tweeted user:
According to one estimate, there are as many as seven cases of COVID-19 in North Macedonia; 25 in Slovenia; 13 in Croatia; 6 in Albania; 5 in Serbia; 5 in Bosnia; left in Montenegro.
It has grown to 28 in Romania, six in Bulgaria.
A believer everywhere
The world has seen how the first coronavirus could be used at a religious assembly.
Last month an estimated 7,400 people in South Korea have had the murderous disease COVID-19 — a country that seems to have been recovering it — found the disease at the Shincheonji Congregation of Jesus.
The criminal case was filed with the group — often called a confinement — the eight-year-old leader of the group came outside to apologize.
According to the Ministry of Health, the Korean Old Religion has announced the changes in her religion in accordance with the Ministry of Health:
1. All believers will be plundered during religious times.
2. Before entering the House of Worship, they will purchase their hands with insects at the entrance of the House of Worship.
3. No one will be protected.
4. The clergy of the congregation will not be criticized.
5. They will not kiss the Icons, but they will bow down before them.
6. Prayer books will not be used during religious periods.
7. They will not receive the Lazarus from the priest of the congregation, but they will personally leave the house of worship.
8. The Passover meal will not be distributed on Sunday.
9. Congregation meetings and theocratic education will not be held.
Some churches in Britain are changing their religious values, such as the Roman Catholic Church of Italy.
The Croatian religious organization has also issued a law on the disease, and in France a special tourist site in Lourdes has been blocked.
The Romanian Old Religious Council issued a law "which measures will be followed if disasters persist":
Faithful worshippers who have faced the threat of the killer’s epidemic will disrupt the persecution of religious icons.
In any case, the priest could be told that the use of the Lord’s blood was in harmony with their wishes.
After Italy decreed that all four provinces of the city should be destroyed, residents, like the Czech Republic, rescued a number of establishments on March 10.
The North Macedonian government declared the state of affairs and closed the residents, schools, and universities for two weeks.
Check Reveals Global Voices campaigns on COVID-19 in the world.
Nigeria banned travel in the care of those infected with COVID 19
COVID-19 ban on 13 countries exceed 1,000
Photo by Pete Linforth in Pixabay. Screenshot with likeness paying, for public use.
Review the Global Voices special account on the role of COVID-19 in the world.
According to the COVID-19, a total of eight people in Nigeria have been confirmed by five others, according to the Nigeria epidemic.
The number of infected increased to eight in two days after Dr. E. Osagie Ehanire confirmed on March 16, that there was a third infected with COVID-19, the age of "more than 30 Nigerians who had recently arrived from the United Kingdom on March 13,".
The patient was separated for 14 days in Lagos, during which time he began to suffer from malaria and asthma.
The patient is in an infected hospital in Yaba, Lagos State.
She is recovering and responding well to the treatment.
As the number of people infected with COVID-19 increased in Nigeria, the federal government heard on March 18, what was announced by the ban on tourists from 13 countries: China, Italy, Iran, South Korea, Japan, France, Germany, Norway, United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and Switzerland, with over 1,000 people infected with the virus.
Those who formerly entered Nigeria from the countries mentioned above had to respect one another for the 14th day.
On February 27 it was announced that an Italian traveler to Nigeria was the first person infected with COVID-19.
Read: An Italian traveler to Nigeria was the first to infect COVID-19 virus
The second identified with the virus, according to N CDC, was the first person to meet the infected person who is now healed after two tests indicate that he no longer had the diagnosis.
The other person is no longer affected and has been released from home on March 13, 2020, according to N CDC.
The management of the COVID-19 pandemic has not satisfied many citizens on the Internet, and it calls for powerful measures to prevent the spread of the disease in Nigeria.
The online citizen, Ayobami announced that N CDC action was delayed. He advised them "to stop online showing and start working!"
Gideon says "we should be afraid" that tests for the COVID-19 virus are delaying in Nigeria.
"Forbage immigrants from other countries" especially from countries where the disease is prevalent, noted journalist Bayo Olupohunda:
Dr. Whitewalker also asserted that there is nothing wrong with restricting travelers during the preventive campaign to prevent infections during the spread of infections like this.
Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, N CDC chairman, said they are "striving to do all they can":
On March 17, the Senate forbade airplanes from affected countries, such as the United Kingdom and China, to be banned until the following day.
Cable Nigeria reports that all immigrants from affected countries will be discharged for 14 days.
The Federal Government issued a ban on visa donations in Nigeria.
The ban began on March 21, 2020 and will be extended for four weeks after the conference.
Additionally: COVID-19 in Africa: ‘We’ve never seen anything like this’ as the nations prepare for the spread of disease
Many African countries are taking steps to reduce the spread of COVID-19.
These measures include restrictions on travel from countries where the COVID-19 virus is prevalent to prevent them from entering their countries.
Inadequate management
According to some reports, Nigeria's COVID-19 virus sufferers are undermined by health officials.
A 70-year-old woman who had spent five months in the United Kingdom returned to Nigeria on March 11.
Shortly after his arrival, COVID-19 was diagnosed with severe colds and abnormalities on March 13, and they rushed to the Teaching Hospital of Enugu State (ESUTH) Colliery Parklane, in southeastern Nigeria.
He was admitted in ESUTH Colliery Parklane and was confiscated to the N CDC on March 14, for inspection.
On March 15, the woman died after the N CDC that she did not have COVID-19.
However, in a letter addressed to the Governor of Enugu State, the daughter accused the hospital staff of "insulting" her mother, placing her in "the old" pasturage.
A COVID-19 virus victim in Lagos State, Nigeria's capital city, was affected by a lack of adequate management.
On March 17, David Hundeyin, a journalist with News Wire, on incomplete monitoring of the COVID-19 virus in Dangote, Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos State, which is causing terror among its employees.
On March 12, an Indian waterproof worker from Mumbai, an employee of Dangote, arrived from Mumbai after staying in Cairo, Egypt.
Hudeyin’s investigation revealed that the man repairing the waterways began to "beat, drought, stomach and stomach failure", the next day he arrived from India.
However, "there is no indication whether any of the Dangote companies have attempted to contact" the health-care agencies affected.
Hudeyin noted that the company is taking advantage of the "favorable legal environment" in Nigeria "willing to advance its profit", putting the lives of its employees and all society at risk.
The report prompted the company to express the opinion that the patient had been transferred to an infected hospital in Yaba, Lagos.
How has COVID-19 affected China's political and social globalization?
A picture of the Chinese border on the four-speaking child 武汉肺炎 that means "Wuhan Influenza" (there still in Chinese), as the plague was initially known, before being renamed COVID-19.
We obtained permission to use pictures.
What started in the river food market, as in the case of indigenous health problems, has become a major concern to China.
Following the outbreak of insecurity in Wuhan in December 2019, a series of incidents arose that threatened Chinese society and the integrity of Beijing's political system.
Governments and local and federal governments in the central part of the country are susceptible to the duration of public witnessing that will benefit citizens for a long time.
When they were resurrected to announce ways to prevent the explosion, it was on the horizon, as the Chinese Year’s New Year celebration was on the horizon.
And doctors and scientists are investigating and analyzing what might be the source of the disease that was then known as Wuhan’s insecticide virus, which returned to cause the COVID-19, insecticide virus that causes respiratory disorders and lung infections.
The recommendation on the possible cause of the disease points out that the insulin is caused by the Chinese food supply of serpents or wild animals, sold at the marketplace in Wuhan, where it is generally thought to be the source of insulin.
One question that needs to be answered is the spread of this disease: whether it can spread from one person to another, and how many lives could be infected if infected.
Testimony from accurate medical evidence has revealed signs from one person to the other, so that the insect will remain in the body for a while before the victim sees the symptoms, and this does not make it easy for the victim to be infected.
Concerning the spread of the disease, which has been described as “the count of the foundation of growth,” is believed to be between 2 and 3 at the end of May, but the spread and research continue, if there are practical life prospects available.
As the number of infected people increases every day, China’s central city of Hubei and its capital city, Wuhan, has had a significant health impact, with a total of tens of thousands of people living in this area.
As the number of infected people increases throughout China, health officials are on the lookout and are on the lookout for treating the millions of elderly people in the city.
But Wuhan’s crippling disease is not just an attack on the health system, it is a critical period of political integrity.
The government’s confidence that it told citizens that there was no danger in the landscape at the beginning, until there was no more landslides, no more trust in the citizens, and that this happened not only in the Hubei region.
Citizens criticized the government of Beijing for taking the SARS epidemic from 2002 to 2003, as it hidden accurate information from the World Envy Organization (WHO).
The prime minister of China, Xi Jinping, remained silent about the epidemic until on January 20, when he announced to the public after a month of the epidemic.
Power over administration of the media is steadily accelerated in China, and, with the U.S. bankruptcy and the economic decline, the solution to Wuhan’s insecurity will be achieved in 2020.
Communication Companies in Mozambique and Cape Verde set up mobile - phone altars to keep citizens at home
Street of Santa Maria, Cape Verde. Photo by Miccaela, Wikimedia Commons. CC-BY 3.0
Notice what the Global Voices has done on the world’s role of COVID-19 insecticide virus
As housing regulations continue to rise in Africa as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, State communications companies in Mozambique and Cape Verde are reducing citizens’ access to mobile phones.
By this time, Mozambique has a record of 10 people infected with COVID-19, but no one has ever been affected, but 6 people in Cape Verde who are suffering from malaria.
During the past week, both countries have issued a month’s emergency law due to a worldwide epidemic, which is more likely to be implemented.
As by a news agency in Portugal, Lusa:
Translation Original Quote
Today, both Cape Verde Telescopes, CV Móvel and Unitel T+, have launched a partnership campaign that will encourage the population to be allowed to stay in the middle of the COVID-19 pandemic.
With the headline “Fica em Casa” (a gift of staying) in English), both companies have launched a campaign on the digital media that has been launched to promote “parallel work” that will allow the Cape Verde citizens to “ Sit at home”.
This special gift is available to the customers of both companies, and in addition to the 2,000 MB that will be granted, the 15th minute free call will be available for calling any of the country’s telephone stations that must be used before 30, April.
COVID-19: Declaration of a million MB aid aid 2 to ensure that the Cape Verde residents remain seated before the domestic law is violated.
Hundreds of Cape Verde residents have protested the campaign, since the internet's atmosphere is unhealthy:
It’s incredible!!!
How many of Cape Verde's citizens have access to the highest quality of the Internet?
In Cape Verde, an island with 560 inhabitants, 57 of whom use the Internet, according to a 2017 World Bank survey.
During that year, over 50 percent of the world’s users have access to the Internet.
In Mozambique, where there are fewer people using the Internet – The same World Bank revealed in a survey that 10 percent of the population of thousands of citizens have access to the Internet – the local TmCel telephone company has launched the same "commodations" campaign.
The campaign was packed with free privileges from GB 1 to GB 5, which cost from 25 to 100 meticals (0.37 to 1.50 US dollars).
Take advantage of this gift #Stay ATHome for 25 meticals in one month.
Try *219 # to select a gift and stay home with TmCel. For more information:
While accepting the benefits of gifts, a few of the users on the Twitter site have raised a number of questions:
It was a positive step.
Also genuine?
This stay does not hurt the pioneers and lifeguards who live in Mozambique and Cape Verde. Human rights activist Tomás Queface tweeted:
The #coronavirus disease has revealed the inequality in our society.
As the domestic law #Stay AtHome is a free gift to some, it makes the most of the people who are poor for their social status: in staying at home without food, working to improve the health of the health or to jeopardize the health of other citizens.
COVID-19 declares a horrendous recent report on treating herbs in Africa
Africa is not a inspection room'
Chief of Army. 1st Class Marites Cabreza, caregiver of 354th Civil Affairs Brigade, Special Functioning Team, Combined Joint Task Force-Olu Africa, was caring for the sick on March 29, 2008 during the period of the special public healing campaign in Goubetto, Djibouti.
Screenshot from the US Air Force photo Jeremy T. Lock. General Usage
Cheat a special report on the role of COVID-19 in the world.
According to scientists and researchers, the attempts to cure the COVID-19 pandemic are triggering the release of flooding in Africa.
On April 1, two French researchers, Dr Jean-Paul Mira, and Camille Locht, suggested on a television program that the African country should be the center of the vaccination program, as Al-Jazeera.
Mira physician, chief of the Cochin Hospital in Paris, compared the case with “a study of the AIDS virus, which says it was initially tested among successful people, attempts were made because we know that they are not safe and that it is easy for sexually transmitted diseases to interfere.”
Both researchers commented on a statement issued on BCG tests for teams in Europe and Australia to determine whether they will be able to cure the first infected virus.
In Australia, thousands of health workers are being tested.
The behavior of these researchers is a long record of events involving testing and approval of the African citizen, which says that African leaders have collaborated with drug companies — which make Europe or the United States a home — to inspect the poor in society.
Immediately, the interrogation of these researchers caught signs of guilt and resentment, bringing the appendix, "The African is not a vermin." was prominent on the media.
Ivory Coast star Didier Drogba tweeted:
On April 3, Mira’s physician apologized for the comments, but after the SOS Racisme group rejected him, Locht’s medical worker, likewise, dismissed Twitter protesters as "while news", for saying that they are not as accurate as they were.
In the middle of that same week, Democratic sociologist Jean-Jacque Muyembe, who is taking the lead in the fight against Ebola pandemic in the Democratic Republic of Congo, that DR Congo "willing to participate in some form of HIV tests that will not take place in the future", reports News 24.
Muyembe, the chairman of the committee on the prevention of the disease and the National Health Organization, said at a press conference:
We have been assigned to do these tests...
The vaccine will be developed in the United States, Canada, or China.
Here we are the chairman for the inspection.
Again, these statements have caused the deaths of Congo people and online people throughout the world who have been adopted by gynecologist Muyembe as a result of herbs examination in DR Congo, where the number of people infected with COVID-19 might be fewer.
In just a few hours, physician Muyembe chose a picture and confirmed the fact that the herb will be used in DR Congo only when the herb is first diagnosed in the US and China:
A horrendous history of treating herbs in Africa
African trials — often under the deceptive "crowd threat" of emergency measures and a cure for such deadly diseases as HIV / AIDS — have struck an alarming moral climate for years of inadequacy — especially on people’s permission before tests and health measures are administered.
The world’s leading health organizations, such as the World Health Organization, the American Disease Control Council, and the Federal Health Organization, generate funds for such projects.
In Zimbabwe, over the past two decades, more than 17,000 women with contraceptive diseases have been tested without permission from authorities to use them in the CDC, WHO and NIH laboratory.
Additionally, the director of Pharmacy Pfizer tested a drug known as Trovan among the 200 youths in Kano State, Nigeria, when a pandemic developed.
Many families have filed trials against Pfizer before using their children for trials.
Herbal tests are not only based on the history of racism and rape — they also contribute to the disruption of trust among health officials and citizens.
Patrick Malloy wrote in a commentary entitled "Extracts for Research and Communication: A review of Economic and Social Affairs that combines modern drugs in the world of rape in Tanganyika" that "The combination of rape and modern drugs, which supports mutual advancement."
From the world of illnesses to such "pestilences", representatives of the kidnapping government often use the Blackfoot as a test tool without permission, Malloy wrote that "the Blackfoot is the best tool to interfere with the kidnapping work of the Blackfoot government".
He made progress in his speech:
In Tanganyika and elsewhere in Africa, this means that religious authorities may at any time have the authorities invited their subjects to grant blood transfusions, representing their genes, to a health-care agent to be tested.
These developments are similar to what is being said in eastern Africa about "a group" working for Western workers who have only to kidnapp the Africans to receive blood transfusions for medicinal products like myrrh.
The wording in Swahili describes the medication as “sweaters” or “healers” — which is now “sweaters”
This horrendous recent phenomenon has given rise to a lack of confidence in ARVs, tests, and drug tests in Africa, and is reflected in the work of health representatives working with government and drug companies in the world.
Antiretroviral tests in Kano, Nigeria, caused numerous inactivity that did not aggravate antiretroviral tests campaign.
The rumors about antiretroviral drugs spread to the streets. The rumors spread to the streets as a guiding policy for the prevention of antiretroviral drugs in Nigeria in 2003.
Healing after ‘ Washing the head’ of rape
In view of the foregoing, what will all of this have to do with the tests of COVID-19 herbs in Africa?
People on social media and social media have commented that "The Africans aren't white people's mouse".
The director general of the World Health Organization (WHO) Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has described the behavior of both physicians as "a key to cleansing" based on the “ intelligence of rape”, and he declared:
It will not be Africa and it will not be Africa for tests of any kind of herbs.
Nevertheless, fear and uncertainty of drug tests have resulted in the disfellowshipping of infected victims and the scrutiny of health officials.
In Côte d'Ivoire on June 6, fourth, protesters attacked a COVID-19 pandemic, which was conducted as a result of the unwholesome impact of the pandemic.
The attack "membered the behavior of people during the epidemic of Ebola in the Western and Central African countries where health officials have been attacked, with a sense of urgency saying they are transporting the disease into their neighborhoods and providing adequate treatment".
Moreover, in the 2018 Ebola epidemic in DR Congo, screens of people who have been infected with Ebola "whereby he followed a standard" — under the guidance of physician Muyembe and DR Congo government — eventually cost the lives of people.
By December 11, 2019, when more than a thousand Congo citizens had been tested, a vaccine was beaten with a seal.
WHO should announce that Ebola’s disease was no longer in DR Congo on April 12, but after 50 days of survival, a 26-year-old boy contracted Ebola’s hemorrhage and was cured on April 10.
Meanwhile, in addition to Ebola and the threat of human rights crisis, DR Congo has to resist the threat of the epidemic of insecurity.
The 62 measures aimed at coveting the COVID-19 virus are under way. Tests and tests of the CovID-19 virus that will work toward the highest standards of behavior are taking time.
Will major pharmaceutical companies compromise moral laws in Africa as they do tests in Western lands?
In Burundi, four journalists detained await the appeal ruling
Reporters were charged with insecurity
The media in Bujumbura, where radio stations were removed from line on May 19, 2010.
Four journalists — Agnès Ndirubusa, Christine Kamikazi, Térencezenzi and Egide Harerimana — were convicted to undermine the safety of the city and be sentenced to prison in May 2020.
The four working members of the Iwacu newspaperly refused to violate the law.
They are now awaiting the appeal ruling in their pretrial detention after the May 6, 2018.
Antoine Kaburahe, founder of a newspaper living in the deaf, wrote:
On trial: The trial ends in Bubanza. Iwacu arrives.
The accusations against the journalists are not theirs.
The journalists are doing their work: interview.
Be assured!
However, the judge has not yet reached a verdict, and a month later, the verdict was dismissed.
Be loyal!
Detention for interrogation
On October 22, Burundi's security forces will be displaced by a government terrorist group — Red-Tabara, which used the Democratic Republic of Congo as a home — in the Kibira forest border.
Traffic groups have used this area.
In the battle, 14 passengers were killed and 10 security guards continued.
On that day, four Iwacu journalists and their driver, Adolphe Masabaakiza, were placed in pretrial detention while they had gathered in Musigati, Bubanza, where they wanted to meet with people who had fled the area when the fighting broke out.
Initially, they were placed in pretrial detention and beaten Christine Kamikazi when they were arrested.
The police had obtained their communications and equipment, which the security agencies had requested, to check on their devices.
The newspapers have also been displaced.
On October 26, in Bubanza, they were charged with "protection of State Security".
On October 31, the prosecutor confirmed this and accused them of being known as the terrorist attacks.
Branch organizations have been organized, including Human Rights Watch, International Federation of Journalists, Olucome, African Journalists’ Federation and Burundaise des radiodiffuseurs.
Nevertheless, the Federal Broadcasting Service that they are not yet able to address the situation.
Iwacu dismissed the report, stating that they were not accused when they were arrested and that it has the responsibility to defend journalists.
Many people claimed to have sided with journalists and filed online accusations. The media seemed to be a threat to freedom of the press, and Iwacu continued closely.
journalist Esdras Ndikumana tweeted:
Burundi: Four Iwacu journalists (with their drivers) were charged with "insulting the security of the city" for bringing news of the attack on the world and becoming the Bubanza prison machine (Image by Yaga)
Having been denied the prosecution’s sentence, they were prosecuted on December 18, when they were sentenced to court on December 11, to appear before the judge — without the prosecutors.
They refused to respond because there were no attorneys and were sentenced back to pretrial detention, until the 18th day of the trial.
On January 20, it was decided that the four reporters would return to pretrial detention, but the driver was released.
They were sentenced to 15 years in prison.
President Pierre Nkurunziza said at a press conference that came to the world on December 26 that there would be no need for confusion but only if it had been removed, although he could dismiss the case with the authority in your hands.
On February 30, Bubanza, the four reporters were sentenced to two and a half years in prison with each paying thousands of francs ($521 U.S.A.).
The judgment did not specifically indicate that the reporters were aware of the incident, so the accusation changed to "a measure of restraint against the insecurity of the city", namely — they intended to disrupt the safety of the city but was difficult to.
Iwacu explained that the reporters had visited the area after the authorities had issued them, and they obtained no license.
The only indication of the discouragement that the reporters were caught was that one of the reporters sent the WhatsApp message to a friend who said they wanted to "assure the government's terrorists".
But it was merely free of charge — the government has often gathered opposers, political parties, and immigrants to win such action.
Reporters Without Borders ( RSF) stated that the journalists have the right to report a report that affects all the towns without fear of retaliation, especially at the Burundian elections on May 20, 2019.
They wrote a document calling for their release, which was signed by about 7,000 people early in May.
The members of the European Union, the Council of Europe, and the United Nations for human rights are among those called for their release.
On February 20, the journalists that they were dissatisfied with the verdict, accusing themselves of being unemployed, and repeated adjustments in the emergency of their initial charges.
On June 6, the journalists appeared in an appeal court after being sentenced to six months in prison.
In response to the complaint due to whatsap activity, one journalist said that the rebels were coming "a reason for peace".
RFI reiterated the testimony of their lawyer, Clément Retirakiza, stating that the accusations against the reporters were based on convincing evidence, they simply wanted to recognize the victim.
Iwacu has long appeared to be a popular voice for political aggression — the last news agency after the fall of 2015.
History of the journalist’s suffering
Following a disruptive election of the year After 2015 — which restored Nkurunziza to office for the third time claimed to have legalized initiatives — coercion has not resulted in you.
Many radio stations — favored by people for uncompromising reports in Burundi — have been destroyed. Many journalists admired the rabbinic exploits of others like Esdras Ndikumana
Hundreds of journalists have been victimized by local law enforcement agencies, especially as they accumulate “necessary” reports.
At the end of 2015, the police killed a photographer and three relatives, Christophe Nkezabahizi, during a protest campaign.
In July 2016, Jean Bigirimana was disappeared, claiming that he was arrested by the SnR, without allowing the police to investigate timing.
This year, on January 16, Blaise- Pascal Kararumiye and Radio Isanganiro (Meeting Point Radio) were arrested after a local government report on money. On April 28, a police officer scourged the journalist Jackson Bahati while he was in the media.
The international media outlets were confiscated by BBC and VOA in 2019. RSF to Burundi ranked 160th in 180 countries for freedom of the press — from 15 to 2015.
Women in Nigeria face online political debates
#BringBackOurGirls and #ArewaMeToo reform reform reforms in Nigeria
Members of the Mother's Savings Club, Nigeria. I'm Photo by Karen Kasmauski / USAID in Africa on the United States government work, public domain.
In Nigeria, the center of political debates is a nuclear bombardment.
Discipline and politics are often associated with religious and ethnic discrimination.
Popular social media advocates — especially on Twitter — are expected to secure hundreds of subscribers (Nigeria's translation system) on the Internet.
feminine advocates — in addition to distributing harmful identity items — are also facing attacks of ethnic and ethnic hatred.
How do Nigerian advocates of women cope with online bitterness, such as profanity, profanity, and profanity?
How have they progressed or expanded their work?
Two Nigerian social activists showed the experience of insults and the abhorrence of females: #BringBackOurGirls, led by Dr. Oby Ezekwesili; and #ArewaMeToo, sponsored by Fakhriyyah hashim, all of whom have experienced the abhorrence of females in the political movement that is responsible for their advancement.
#BringBackOurGirls ( #BBOG)
Six years ago, on April 15, 2014, approximately 200 girls of high school in Chibok of Maidiguri, in northeastern Nigeria, were deported to Islamic Boko Haram.
The kidnapping of Chibok girls has also contributed to international attention throughout the world.
The BBC news agency that in April 2014, #BringBackOurGirls also became popular on Twitter with about 3,3 people who also tweeted, 27 percent of these tweetings were from Nigeria, 26 percent from the United States, and 11 percent from the United Kingdom.
Dr. Oby Ezekwesili answers questions at UN women’s organization along with the leaders of the #BringBackOurGirls campaign.
UN Women/Ryan Brown, October 14, 2014. (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Dr. Obiageli (Oby) Ezekwesili, former Vice President of the World Bank, and former Minister of Education of Nigeria, began tweeting about Chibok girls on the very day they were kidnapped.
An incident involving kidnappings of boys in the Federal Ministry School of Buni Yadi, northeastern Nigeria, on February 25, 2014 opened the campaign.
Sixty-five boys were killed by gun and knives, while others were destroyed by fire.
Nevertheless, until April 23, when he was hosted by UNESCO in Port Harcourt, an oil field in Niger Delta, he appealed to the liberation of girls, which became the standard of drinking for all the nations of the world:
On May 7, 2014, U.S. President Michelle Obama’s wife published a picture with the sign “Return our girls” #BringBackOurGirls.
He also distributed a photo from the White House — a step that turned the kidnapping into a global threat.
It took two years for Nigerian troops to rescue a girl, in June 2016.
By October 2016, 21 girls were united with their relatives. In May 2017, the Boko Haram group freed 82 girls from worship.
Nevertheless, as many as 112 girls have been killed and 13 have been killed, according to a 2018 survey.
Ezekwesili and some human relations have launched a fight against the rights of #BBOG girls who have gathered people around the world for the liberation of Chibok girls.
In time, the move was transformed into an unstoppable elephant tree that was physically damaged by a violent Nigerian square.
However, the achievement of this effort did not result in the expenses of Ezekwesili.
Shortly before the 2015 presidential elections, the kidnapping of Chibok girls caused some to view Ezekwesili’s campaign on the Internet as a political party.
As his honesty was degraded, all of his prestigious garments were torn apart.
Others say that all of your #BBOG efforts have been shattered in politics.
Reno Omokri, former assistant of the president, accused Ezekwesili of using the APC as a means of destroying the imperial government and the government of President Jonathan, thus preventing APC from "powered".
In 2014 the supporters of the former president Jonathan and the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) made "a number of false stories" online against Ezekwesili.
False claims claim that Ezekwesili’s insistence on kidnapping has been influenced by the lack of position in the government of Jonathan.
As he said, those who criticized him on social media reasoned "thinking that he refused to mention Chibok girls in order to be considered a minister".
How would this be after I refused to serve as a minister three years before the Chibok girls became religious?
Ezekwesili said in the Twitter photo.
He became one of the 2018 presidential candidates, but in time he gave up.
On Twitter, Ezekwesili remembers his sadness: "I am deeply grieved that children sent to school were killed to the point where their parents could not recognize their children".
But the political leader’s reaction to the #BBOG campaign has swallowed his anger and frustration.
#ArewaMeToo and NorthNormal
On February 3, 2019, a young woman named Khadijah Adamua courageously tweeted about the abuse of her former boyfriend.
Adamua, who lives in the northeastern state of Kano, has made a report on his shocking experience.
Good Nigerian Fakhriyyah hashim tweeted his support for Adamua using the #ArewaMeToo:
#ArewaMeToo became a copy of the initiative of Me International #MeToo in northern Nigeria. (Northern is the official language of the Haussanian-language language) — which sheds on rape and violence against women on social media.
Nevertheless, Relief Web reports that between November 2014 and January 2015, northeastern Nigeria, mostly Borno State, has recorded a record of rape against women.
In the northernmost Muslim region, this prohibition is difficult to predict, and it will put the victims in the first place.
#ArewaMeToo's anger on the Internet prompted the NorthNormal public protest in Bauchi, Kano, and Niger.
NorthNormal's 15-day proclamation came to earth last November in eight states in the Mountains and Abuja.
They saw the positive effect of the parliament "s finding the need to listen to indigenous youths" as they were “leading the fight for VAPP,” hashim explained.
hashim went on to say, yet, in Sokoto State, the government is arresting the NorthNormal emissaries".
One of the indigenous leaders who organized the demonstrations was arrested by the police.
Next, Sokoto, the leader of the Islamic nation of Nigeria, forbade protests.
According to hashim, NorthNormal emerges from the #ArewaMeToo sign with two expressions: the advocacy for "the use of the VAPP" and the leadership of "a series of rapes and rapes throughout the northern part of Nigeria".
The Bill on Violence Against People (Band) 2015 was adopted on May 23, 2015.
According to VAPP Suggestion — advancing the law on criminal punishment in Nigeria — the idea of rape against women is illegal.
These include rape, exile, domestic rape, domestic rape, domestic rape or domestic violence, violent widowhood practices, physical abuse, female deprivation, and/or divorce.
In Nigeria, rape punishment is a lifelong prison term for 14 years.
In the case of rape, criminals will be sentenced to 20 years in prison without compensation.
However, Article 47 of the VAPP Act stated that this law has been passed only in Abuja, the capital of Nigeria. NorthNormal and other corporations are advocating all of the 36 state parliamentary councils to legislate this proposal.
Opposition by the advocates
One year after #ArewaMeToo took the streets, hashim told Global Voices that their acknowledgment sparked “discrimination of society” and has its own body.
hashim had an online experience when his group faced "the only one to deal with children around the neighborhood" of the one who worked in the finance industry as their social media.
He told Global Voices:
A campaign against [the child’s sleep] was launched if he obtained a résumé from the minister; some refused to do so as a result of the campaign on the Internet to make #ArewaMeToo illegal.
According to hashim, the protesters planned to establish a new constitution by putting up with the LGBTQ [Female, gay, female and male who are converted into male or female and strange people who are not compatible] and their objective to work as the world’s eclipse increases.
In Nigeria, marriage between a man and a woman is also illegal under the law of the Syrians and the law of penalty, sexual intercourse among women and women in some states.
Through hashim campaign campaigns against the rights of LGBT Q, people online criticized #ArewaToo and NorthNormal as wrong.
On the other hand, Global Voices has no place in tweeting campaigns against hashim’s campaign against the rights of LGBT Q Q.
Nevertheless, hashim has posted a message of hope on Twitter:
Fakhriyyah hashim, one of the founders of #ArewaToo and NorthNormal (written with permission to use his image.
He said that all this experience helped him to “bear much endurance":
My experience of commenting on political issues on Twitter for good government has taught me to endure, but it has not helped me to cope with the various opposition caused by America Meatoo and NorthNormal propaganda.
Thanks to all of this, I committed suicide without holding back, and I began to question the neutrality of the Northern kingdom and the abuse of rape...
After each attack, we have the strength and strength to make progress because of opposition, which impresses on us the intensity of silence in the community and that if we allow time for relief, we are headed for destruction.
Sadly, hashim and Ezekwesili are still suffering the punishment of “not being merciful” in connection with the violence against women on the Internet and in the real world.
As for hashim, "justifiably, he planned to give a voice to those who are suffering injury" is difficult to arrest.
This article is one of the special tasks, "a source of identity: online law like a government that limits the development of speech in Africa".
This publication raises the role of hate identity or discrimination that has resulted in international or geographical conflicts, injury and disturbance (physical and feminist attacks) on the Internet as well as on social media in seven African countries: Algeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Tunisia, and Uganda.
The Africa Digital Rights Fund of Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA) funds for this special project.
In the cities under Assad’s rule in Syria, rulers now say that there is ‘ no coronary epidemic’
After nine years of intensive civil war, Syria’s health systems have deteriorated.
In the cities under the rule of President Bashar al- Assad, their authorities have opposed the COVID-19.
According to Vaphit John Hopkins, the State has discovered an estimated 250 disasters, including 21 people’s deaths, down to August 15.
But current reports highlight the landslides and confirm the existence of COVID-19 virus.
Walid Abdullah, a 23-year-old, made it known that the camp was even so successful that the homicide of indiscriminate people who claimed COVID-19.
Global Voices is using the name to protect.
In a speech with Global Voices on ago, Abdullah explained that on the 13th day of his birthdays, he said that the National Hospital of Daraa in Southern Syria was to inform them of a genetic disorder.
According to Abdullah, when he asked the right action to take, the government official who took the call said: "Kill him, we don't have a cure"
He quickly ended the call.
Of course, there is nothing in praising a suspected victim of the COVID-19.
Abdullah told Global Voices "protection through COVID-19 is better than access to a state hospital"
The evidence of this betrayal has supported him from other sources.
A statement issued on October 10, The Voice of the Capital, a newspaper of the Democratic Republic of Syria, stated that health officials from the Ministry of Health, the Syrian Ministry, said that "extremist activity is being carried out at the Al-Mujtahid state hospital in the capital city, Damascus, for those who believe that they really have the disease, giving them a lot of life-threatening drugs"
This too appears on social media:
Another from the Mouwasat hospital in Damascus was tied in the same issue that said:
"Morality works are being carried out in remote areas, and they are performed by doctors who have worked to curb the disease".
The Assad regime’s actions toward the end of COVID-19 pandemic are devastating, comparing them with the purpose of the Assad civil war which claimed more than a million lives, which lasted a hundred thousand days, and five and a half million people around the world.
Relief From Pestilence and State Expansion
Assad’s era has plunged many of the cities around it into tensions with Iran, despite the fact that many of the cities around it are breathing in Syria.
In the summer, Iran became one of the most affected countries in Covid-19 affected by the pandemic, possibly through Lebanon, Iraq, and Syria, which have been affected by armed alliances.
Additionally, pilgrims and pilgrims from Iran continued to observe shrines in Damascus until the first half of the month, according to Zaki Mechy, author of the March Study of London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE).
Nevertheless, Assad’s government continues to spread propaganda and falsehoods and reduces the number of people in COVID-19.
In an interview with the Syrian media on February 13, the Minister of Health, Nizar Al-Yaziji, stated that there was no COVID-19 incidents in Syria:
"We are thankful to God that the Armed Forces have cleansed Syria of disease"
The Minister of Health of Syria did not even announce the first COVID-19 pandemic until March 22, causing unhappiness and unhappiness among the Syrians who noticed that Assad’s regime was lying and opposing the righteous news.
In an article posted on a local social media, one of the townspeople responded to Yaziri’s comment: “Why did you not say in the past that all diseases have been removed”
However, the government has begun to limit the number of people affected by the disease in their publications.
In a statement issued on January 1 through the call for the Reformation of Syria and the Opposing Groups, the international community was urged to undermine the threat of the COVID-19 pandemic.
He expressed his opinion on how much it should be true, stating:
A collapse of health care
The fact that the genocide was real threatens Assad’s government because it would force its officials to admit that they did not have a health department.
According to the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), the total number of COVID-19 indigenous people in the land is estimated to be only 6500 out of the 17 and a half million inhabitants of the land.
He said that if the number of presidents has increased, the country’s power is disrupted and water is very strong.
During the time of the civil war, the military had launched a powerful attack on their health department.
According to a report by the WHO and the Syrian Ministry of Health, it has been confirmed that there are only 58 operations in the 111 state hospitals in the country.
The report also reveals that up to 70 percent of the country’s health officials have been displaced as aliens and 20 percent in other lands.
COVID-19 was one of man - made disasters
The Syrians may be especially concerned about how these disasters affected one another; wars, pestilences, and debate.
On October 26, the United Nations warned that Syria is suffering from extreme hunger and there is urgent need for stumbling to prevent the spread of COVID-19
According to the World Food Organization ( WHO), food consumption increased by 11 percent in the month of Abib from the month of April to 113 percent in the year 2019.
As the economy collapsed. Ali al- Ahmed (the name is also, as this one requested the protection of his name) from Daraa told Global Voices in ago that "there is nothing, there is nothing you can do, even paying 10,000 Syrians ($ 10 to $5) for people, it is not easy".
Ahmed said many goods have been rejected as a result of heavy burdens.
In the meantime, when their health was threatened as a result of war threats and the collapse of the economic system made many Syrians vulnerable, this unprecedented epidemic has also threatened the city’s homelessness and corruption.
YKS tests continue with two and a half million students in response to all warnings: Extreme discrimination has disappeared.
New YKS Test disobedience: morality
COVID-19 was not the only threat to the YKS in 2020.
Since the beginning of the seventh month, with textbooks for the Turkish-language examination, there have been numerous debates.
One of his subjects refers to “Fırtınadayım, (I am in the storm), a lyrics singer Mabel Matiz of the LGBTQ group.
The question of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation.
According to Twitter chancellor Halis Aygün, president of the Center for Measurement, Selection and Placement (ÖSYM), the proving department said in a interview with a news official, Yeni Akit. There he said that the investigation would be carried out, and all those who participate in the proving would be dismissed.
The 2020 YKS test successfully scattered 188 test stations three times, with about two and a half million participants.
The tests are scheduled by experts around the national institutions.
The attention of the basic education and social skills in high schools is noteworthy.
A study of the topics of the Turkish-language examination of the 2020 YKS examination has been undertaken.
Those who are discharged will be discharged from the test arrangement.
For some Twitter users, this ruling is not sufficient:
[Oper] President ÖSYM spoke for the first time after the test!
They have laid the groundwork for investigating the origin of the problem.
Those who participate will be discreetly removed from the test arrangement.”
[ Footnote] In the meantime, the unconcerned president must be discharged from custody so that his face will be restored.
A group of public speakers also responded to the decision and made a similar question:
In the modern-day YKS 2020 test, you found no one else to illustrate these children except a homosexual man named Mabel Matiz
(The man who carried the stuttering message declaring: “We are homosexuals” What are you trying to do?
Twitter users don’t agree with how others point to Mabel Matiz’s achievements and reputation:
I would like you to look at the pictures of Mabel Matiz. Because we don’t have any other player who has adapted to our culture so much in the past few years. That’s why mabelmatiz is our treasure.
The netizens observed that analysts would be neglected by politicians:
No one screamed against the rapists, yet the investigation of Mabel Matiz was considered alcoholic.
You say “protected our conduct” but Mabel Matiz is one of the most effective publishers of our culture.
We should investigate those who dishonored and mocked Mabel Matiz.
Mabel Matiz’s response to the protest.
On the third day of the seventh month, as the quake got hot, Matiz resumed the voice:
Happily, my song is an instrument for such an important test.
Now, I am surprised how my life has become a part of this test.
Let’s see how I was put to the test with my name.
It’s all right, The World’s Test has never ended): It’s all right now.
I read a lot of negative publications.
What I’m going to say in the song, I’m sure you understand it, and I’m even better.
I will continue to sing more, tell history, and be a citizen of this country.
Let us meet again in another test...
And Matiz became famous: after Aygun’s free speech one day.
He won two titles in a competition with a lot of votes.
He received two awards.
“Most efficient music” and “Most efficient male musician” have won the 46th Pantene Golden Butterfly award.
This indicates that there are many people behind you who are opposed by government and government officials.
On the fifth day of the seventh month, Mabel Matix tweeted:
I won the titles “The moviemakers best” and “The moviemakers best” in the 46th Pantene Golden Butterfly award
I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz, who conducted the “I Have a Red in My Wipe” series.
In Turkey, tens of thousands of students are seated for university exam
This year’s test took place in disobedience—and not because of epidemics
Translation Article 15 August 2020 8:07 GMT
YouTube viewing of a song by Mabel Matiz in the middle of the rebellion resulting from the entry Test at the YKS:
"Gözümün gördüğü, gögsümümün bildiği ile bir değil" (I don't know what my eyes see")
In Turkey, over 83 million people in over 83 million countries, the entry test of the Turkish-language entrance test is expected to be completed.
In spite of the proliferation of the COVID-19 attack, the test was conducted publicly, with 2,500,000 people sitting in the test.
On March 26, the country’s high school organization announced the day of the YKS examination as dated from 25 to 26 of the seventh month.
On April 4, Turkey’s President Recep Erdoğan changed the date from 27 to 28 May.
This change and the uncertainty of the tests have questioned the people of Turkey, both in the center of the city and on social media:
How has this day affected the thinking of students who are preparing for a test for a few days?
How will landslides and COVID-19 preventive measures be implemented (Local distancing, social isolation, iridescence, iridescence) if approximately two million people are gathered together.
In 2019, there were only 74 percent of qualified examiners, while 39 percent reached the second stage.
Turkey recorded their first COVID-19 incidents on March 11, when by July 15, five and a half thousand people were killed and more than 200 were infected.
On January 1, the Government issued a series of interruptions:
Commercial facilities such as restaurants, online markets, exhibitions, and marriage halls that have been closed for three months have been reopened, but despite social isolation.
Now the visitors need to cover their nose and examine their temperatures.
Although the students offered an invitation to continue the YKS test, the government did not retaliate in its proposal:
At the end of the seventh month, two and a half million were seated for the test..
As we have seen in this tweet, it involves excessive emphasis on social distancing:
YKS tests continue with two and a half million students in response to all warnings: Extreme discrimination has disappeared.
New YKS Test disobedience: morality
COVID-19 was not the only threat to the YKS in 2020.
Since the beginning of the seventh month, with textbooks for the Turkish-language examination, there have been numerous debates.
One of his subjects refers to “Fırtınadayım, (I am in the storm), a lyrics singer of Mabel Matiz, LGBTQ “Fırtınadayım” (1,I am in the storm):
The question of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation of the translation.
According to Twitter chancellor Halis Aygün, president of the Center for Measurement, Selection and Placement (ÖSYM), the cheating department said in a interview with a news official, Yeni Akit.
There he said that the investigation would be carried out, and all those who participated in the examination would be dismissed:
The 2020 YKS test successfully scattered 188 test stations three times, with about two and a half million participants.
The tests are scheduled by experts around the national institutions.
The attention of the basic education and social skills in high schools is noteworthy.
Those who are discharged will be discharged from the test arrangement.
For some Twitter users, this ruling is not sufficient:
[Oper] President ÖSYM spoke for the first time after test!
"They have laid the groundwork for investigating the origin of the problem. Those who get involved in it will be disqualified from the test."
[ Footnote] In the meantime, the unconcerned president must be discharged from custody so that his face will be restored.
A group of public speakers also responded to the decision and made a similar question:
In the modern #YKS 2020 test, you found no one else to illustrate these children except the homosexual man Mabel Matiz?
(The man carrying a stuttering declaring "We are homosexuals"
What are you trying to do?
Twitter users don’t agree with how others point to Mabel Matiz’s achievements and reputation:
Members of the Research Committee. I would like you to look at the pictures of Mabel Matiz.
Because we have no other player who has used our culture to this extent in the past few decades.
That is why mabelmatiz is our treasure.
People on the Internet have noticed that exposure to pornographic music, politicians will ignore important matters:
No one screamed against the rapists, yet the investigation of Mabel Matiz was considered alcoholic.
These are all of them:
You say "protect our actions" but Mabel Matiz is the one who made the most of our publications.
We should investigate those who dishonored and mocked Mabel Matiz. #Mabel MATizisnotalone
Mabel Matiz’s Answer to Disobedience
On the 3rd day of the seventh month, as the climb continued, Matiz resumed the voice:
Happily, my song is an instrument for such an important test.
Now, I am surprised how my life has become a part of this test.
Let’s see how I was put to the test with my name.
It’s all right, the World’s Trials are everlasting :)
It has been repeated again.
I read a lot of negative publications.
What I’m going to say in the song, I’m sure you understand it, and I’m even better.
I will continue to sing more, tell history, and be a citizen of this country.
Let us meet again in another test...
And Matiz is famous: Aygun won two titles in a competition with a lot of votes.
He won the sixteenth season of Pantene Golden Butterfly.
This indicates that there are many people behind you who are opposed by government and government officials.
On June 5, again, Mabel Matix tweeted:
I won the titles "the most effective moviemakers" and "the most effective musician" in the 46th Pantene Golden Butterfly award, and I am happy!
Thank you, all my listeners.
I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz, who directed my picture and song.
"I Have a Red in My Wipe" clip previously.
--- Employment celebration: The Chairman of the House of Representatives urges workers to persevere for good results.
The Speaker of the Nigerian House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has congratulated Nigerians on the international weekly festival.
Mr. Gbajabiamila noted that although the celebration took place in an unprecedented state as a result of the spread of the COVID-19, much can be remembered about the sacrifices of the Nigerian workers.
In a publication marked by Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr. Lassis commended Nigerians for their years of labor and influence, which led to a positive change in Nigeria.
Nevertheless, he urged Nigerians to continue producing good fruit now and at all times, since past achievements require further efforts to improve the quality of the country.
‘I want the Nigerian workers to give a lot of attention to those who have worked hard.
True, Nigeria and the Nigerians are proud of you.
I encouraged Nigerians to contribute to the development of the country.
They must continue to do their best to benefit the nation’s interests.”
--- Labour Day: Senator of the Senate welcomes Nigerians
President of the Nigerian House of Assembly, Mr. Ahmad Lawan, congratulated Nigerians on cooperating with international colleagues to celebrate labor festivals.
Senator Lawan also commended workers for their efforts to eliminate the country from poverty and the need for development and to meet the frightening challenges of all kinds of work.
He appreciates the role of workers as a public speaker, insisting that this is what I must always appreciate.
He continued that "the best way to learn how to appreciate the industrious role of workers in the management of the entertainment industry.
Lawan said, "As a parliament, we are ready to cooperate with the labor force to legislate against corruption in the workplace".
According to the president of the Senate, as part of the ninth Senate’s efforts to strengthen the economy and improve people’s lives, the implementation of the 2020 budget has been planned.
In a statement issued by Senator Lawan, the Senate of the Senate has adjusted the legislation to ensure that the implementation of the budget is fully implemented.
He said that the legislature would continue to apply this principle despite the challenges of COVID-19.
The president of the Senate observed that this year’s labor Day was celebrated in a time when all nations were facing the plague of COVID-19.
He said "the strong and immortal soul of the Nigerians would help the government to overcome the epidemic"
The President of the Senate urged Nigerians to mark their days, to live in accordance with health standards, to live among themselves, to wear veils, to use pesticides, to clean up and stay home and protect one another.
--- COVID-19: 24 more people out of Nigeria
In Nigeria, 24 more people have been affected by Corona’s disease (COVID 19), resulting in a total of 1932 cases, when about 319 people have been cured and 58 have been invited by God.
--- COVID-19: We’ve received a few reports on the incident in Kano – Dr. Osagie
Nigeria’s Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, has received some reports about various incidents in the state of Kano.
The Minister stated this during a daily interview conducted by the Federal Anti-CovID-19 Committee with journalists in Abuja.
He continued to look forward to all reports of the sudden death in the province of Kano, which would contribute to the development of sanitation programs, scientists, and educational programs to prevent COVID-19.
Dr. Ehanire urged health officials to take the initiative to protect themselves from COVID-19 infection or to put themselves in danger.
--- Nigeria identifies 34 COVID-19 patients
Nigeria has a peak of 34 people infected with COVID – 19, which produces a total of 1932 acres.
A total of 319 were cured and 58 died.
Nigeria’s N CDC has announced this on @NC CDCgov:
Four COVID-19 diseases have appeared;
Sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixty-Five, sixt
--- COVID-19: Kano’s Minister’s staff sets news
The Minister’s staff, who conducted a survey in Kano, has issued a recent report to the National Health Organization on the reasons, the strength, and the health of the state’s response.
The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, stated in a press conference conducted by the COVID-19 National Assembly in Abuja.
He stated that while the federal government is looking forward to a full report, the report will be a guide in support of Kano’s Covid-19 opponents, who set goals, training and humanitarian efforts.
“Many of the relief supplies include sending experts from FMOH and biologists from the Irrua Specialist Hospital to join the health experts in Lagos State who are working in Kano State for the Governor of Kano.”
According to the answer, it also that experienced scientists will have a tremendous share in supporting the leading team in Kano State.
“The emergency calling group from FMOH has departed from Abuja, along with five mobile devices, and five have been blessed by the Federal Traffic Service (F RSC) to go to Kano State for an emergency response on the basis of a home permit.
Dr. Ehanire also stated that health officials should constantly apply suicidal principles and risk their lives.
“We cannot afford to lose special workers at such times; all people must be treated with a heightened suspicion of COVID-19 but must face all people without partiality so that others with illnesses do not suffer or care for them.”
He said, “It is a wrong thing to drive people away without health counsel or to deprive someone in need of emergency treatment.”
--- Opening schools is not yet a Minister
The State Ministry of Education, Emeka Nwajiuba said it would be impossible for her to decide when or when the school would be reopened.
The Minister continued that the opening of schools would be followed by President Muhammadu Buhari’s dismissal of the commission to curb coronary disease.
Nwajiuba, in his day-to-day remarks, stated that the government is not prepared to risk the lives of a clergyman, and then he warned that all schools should not start a school education program until the day it is announced by the government that the school should enter.
“Justifiably, none of the schools are hard on the back of the walls.
The Minister also stated that all extensive admission tests will be carried out when the government makes sure that all the programs undertaken are understood.
The Minister explained that the tests of the Ten Students (WAEC) and the National Tests (NECO) with NabTEB would not be closed up.
He commented on the challenge of introducing new online education and the application of public education programs in the state.
According to him, “We recognize that some are not in the best position because of limited access to the digital system, some may be able to make progress in their studies on radio, some on television, and some are using electronic devices with the Internet, so we are doing this with the cooperation of state governments, implying that all the time spent with education of children throughout the country, we need to take advantage of it.
"The education program for 31 states in 26 states, this means that from radio or TV, teaching and study, this is a good education program for each state but the federal government has implemented an online program.”
Nwajiuba stated that “with the use of the SUBEB, what methods of smoking is used to distribute this information on the Internet, and the federal government said it would be permitted to use the local media for its benefit.”
The Minister added that the COVID-19 pandemic has helped all businessmen to recover and has helped individuals to get into the workplace.
Commenting on the development of education online, the minister said the government would continue to use professional teachers who would accomplish the program to make it practical after the threat of globalization.
Additionally, the FCTA, which supervises schools, has issued a warning to private schools that are scheduling the 2019/2020 entry on the Internet for parents and students.
The secretary of the school administration, Mr. Umaru Marafa, stated in a victory day that no formal education courses in each school should begin until the school’s graduating license is issued.
Marafa said, “This means that when schools will be reestablished, there will be a clear announcement on the incomplete second class, as well as the road and run of the third class as it is necessary.
The chieftains of private schools were ordered to cooperate and keep the schools under control, in no way until the government said something else.
Those who reject this decree will surrender legal justice;
Marafa also stated that the Federal Ministry of Education has completed all the programs to ensure education through radio or TV so that students can work during the day-to-day hours.
--- No private school to start work – FCT Minister
The Minister of Nigeria, Alhaji Muhammad músá Bello has warned all the directors of the private school in Abuja, who have been telling all the parents and students that they will soon take up work for the third term of 2019/2020 to be careful not to undermine the rules of the parliament.
The Chief Secretary of Education of Abuja, Mr. Umaru Mapa, stated in a statement released on Tuesday that the education program will not be established at any school in Abuja until the day the secretary-General’s secretary-General signed.
"We encourage all the directors of a private school to keep the school closed, and they should not try to open the school unless the FCTA rules or regulations come from them."
All who violate this law will be subject to the constitution of worship.
He adds that the FCTA, which is coordinating the education program, has made plans to start online education programs and to use television to educate students at home.
--- MUHAMADU BUHARI INVASION
NIGERIA’S UNITED STATES, MUHAMADU BUHARI, ABOUT CONNECTIONAL ATTENDANCE IN THE FAMILY OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, FCT, ABOUT THE END OF COVID- 19, IN THE COVID CITIZENCE, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN, OF ORIGIN
1.Nigeria
2.I’m going to start with commending you for your strong moral and integrity in an international struggle against the major health challenges facing our generation.
3. Currently, on April 26, 2020, the world revealed three million Covid-19 plagues and 1,500 people have been cured. Sadly, 200,000 people have been cured of the plague.
4.Many countries are struggling with the health and economic impact of the pandemic.
Today, I will tell the facts and explain our plans for the months ahead, knowing that certain things will change during the weeks ahead.
6.Around the past two weeks, there have been a total of 333 microorganisms discovered in 20 locations and capital areas.
7.‘Our morning, Nigeria has recorded a total of 73 diseases in 32 states and capital cities. Sadly, 40 have been recovered.
8.I am using this opportunity to express my sympathy with Nigerian relatives who have lost loved ones due to the plague of COVID-19.
9. Initial estimates indicate that Nigeria will have two hundred pounds of disease in the first month following the first diagnosis.
10.Hence, as many as the number of people diagnosed with coronary disease in the past two weeks has been estimated, the results have been remarkably successful.
11.The number of coronary infections from abroad has dropped by 19 percent of new infections, indicating that the gates are producing good results. Many Nigerians are recovering. We will continue to apply stability as a means to fight this disease.
Today, the Nigerian Institute of Pestilences has established a total of 15 registered facilities that can conduct an estimated 1,300 tests per day throughout the country.
13. Based on your response, the Lagos State and Abuja State government, with the support of the National Institute of Disease Control, has established a multinational examination center. They have also reviewed the purpose of the examination in nets in order to stimulate the participation of inspection tests with the independent examination center that faces the prosecutor’s agreement.
14.Many of the new facilities and isolated facilities have been operating throughout the country, resulting in more than three thousand beds.
15. I urgently commended the state Governor of the rescue centers, the establishment of new rescue centers, and the purpose of mass destruction to highlight the danger.
16.Tens of thousands of health officials have been trained.
17. Since we have faced some challenges, we are determined to make good preparations for this weekly game to run smoothly and safely.
18.Acting the government’s promise to improve the lives of our health workers, we have signed a discerning agreement to provide insurance and other funds with relevant health professional groups.
19.A has already arranged for approximately 5,000 health officials ahead of time.
And tens of thousands of Nigerians have been assisted by international cooperation from international companies, private groups, and individuals.
21.The distribution and expansion of household refreshments mentioned in the preceding announcement are continuing to be unprecedented. I know the pressure of the citizens of the country who are awaiting it. I am very grateful to all of you who are part of it to be patient as we look for a suitable way to share with state governments.
Although we are deeply concerned about the safety of the reserve, I want to see the Nigerian as our primary concern for security and security, especially in this critical and unknown time.
23.As we take care of life and property, we will not allow the rights of the security agency to interfere. Some reports of incidents are compassionate, and I would like to assure you that the criminals will be arrested to meet legal measures.
24. I have encouraged Nigerians to continue cooperation and discernment at their meetings and security workers. In addition, for their safety, I have ordered these security workers to be given protection equipment from this infection.
25.As we continue to disrupt our response in central and central areas, the recent incident in Cano, despite the progress of the full demand, we are determined to increase the number of federal employees, supplies, and relief efforts to and support the efforts of the state, in the short term.
24.On the day of Kano, as well as the rest of the state registering new diseases, the first study concluded that the results of these tests were linked to a city’s distribution and spread of diseases.
27 From this I encourage all Nigerians to continue to follow the advice of presidential ambassadors and disease - care agencies
This is done by washing hands, isolating oneself, using bombs in public, avoiding traveling outdoors, and avoiding large social gatherings.
Oh, Nigerians, for the past four weeks, most parts of our country have been subjected to federal or state residences. As mentioned earlier, these measures are important and have also played a role in reducing the spread of Korea in our country.
30.Both of our citizens have lost their means of livelihood. Many of our citizens have lost their means of livelihood. Many jobs have stopped. No country can recover all domestic damage while we look forward to a happy outcome.
31 In the last talk, I said the federal government would establish a purpose and legislation that would protect lives and promote life.
During the past two weeks, the federal government and the state have worked together to coordinate the measure of health care and maintenance of life, at the same time, according to international ceremonies.
33.We reviewed how our companies, markets,, and drivers are able to make progress in implementing this country’s standard of hygiene and distancing.
34.We reviewed the progress of our studies without reporting health risks.
In addition, we discussed the risky competition from rural areas for the farmers to plant and harvest in the rainy season.
It is our goal to look for ways to improve our economy as we look for answers to the challenge of polio. The majority of the world’s leaders are facing this difficult decision.
In view of this and the exhortation of the COVID-19, various federal committees and governorship committees of Nigeria, I have approved the domestic rule of Abuja, Lagos, and Ogun State to be progressively abolished and commenced on April 4, 2020.
Nevertheless, screening and detection of coronary partners will be accelerated, and the economic system will be restored in one place.
Furthermore, here is a new constitution that has been passed throughout the country;
a.Dates vary from 8am to 6am. This meant that travel would be forbidden during this time except for special professionals.
b.Here will be no space for unimportant travel from state to state time of ignorance.
c. Carrying overseer’s belongings within the state will be limited to carrying supplies from the factory to those who will use them.
c.E.We will make sure that we have to use the veil outdoors as we live among ourselves and cleanliness. State governments, large companies, and humanitarian people are invited to assist in providing health care for the citizens of the country.
Because of uncertainty, the constitution of the city of Abuja, Lagos State, and Ogun will remain until further laws begin on April 4, 2020.
The presidential committee will provide an explanation for the preparation of the government,, and.
In harmony with the above standards, the state government may choose to support and support all forms of emergency demands that allow them to live up to the above standards.
43 To assist our business and business dealers, money owners will coordinate and restore efficient supplies.
44. These regulations will not apply to Kano State.
In the meantime, I have issued a complete house arrest for two weeks. The Federal Government will take people, supplies, and equipment needed to help the state cope and overcome the epidemic of the disease along with preventing it from spreading to neighboring states.
And once and for a time, I would like to see the world’s leading workers, who are doing all they can and who are doing all they can to overcome this struggle. For those who have been infected, I am confident that the government will do everything that will allow to help you and your family during this difficult time. I also want to use this opportunity to help you to see that the government is concerned about your safety and your peaceful life.
47 I am also grateful for the support we have received from our Kings, the Cristeros in Nigeria, the Islamic General Assembly, and the religious organizations along with local leaders.
Why not encourage all of you to continue discussing the problem of Koronia among worshippers and inhabitants of your community to consider all the counsel and hygiene of society?
I am very grateful to the COVID-19 National Council of Governors, who, with this cooperation, will continue to work.
And I would like to thank the international brotherhood, the charitable organization, the international unification organization, the white corporation, the country’s friend, our journalist and assistant in supporting our efforts.
I will thank Nigerians once again for the patience and cooperation of all Nigerians in the face of this challenge. I assure you that the government will do its utmost to protect the lives of all Nigerian visitors.
Thank you for listening to me, God blesses Nigeria.
--- Nigerian security is my priority – President Buhari
Nigeria’s President, Muhammadu Buhari has said that he is especially concerned with the security of the citizens of Nigeria "in the face of these challenges and uncertainties".
The President said this on television while speaking to Nigerians on Monday, March 27, 2020.
President Buhari said heined the security of the lives and property of the people, and his government would not tolerate law enforcement.
"Many of the sad news, I assure Nigerians that they will not go unpunished under law."
The President urged Nigerians to cooperate with the police at the meeting with them.
--- COVID-19: President Buhari destroys the house - to - house plan in Kano
Nigeria’s President, Muhammadu Buhari has disappeared from Cano, Northwestern Nigeria as a result of the massive emergency.
President Buhari made a change of viewing the housing program for two weeks in the state of Kano.
The president also stated that "the federal government would send trailers and workers to the state of Cano to help the state to prevent the spread of the Korean disease, not to other nearby states."
The President also stated that the spread of the pandemic in the province of Cano was due to the number of pilgrims from one state to another.
--- NIS wins 13 Nigerians against Togo
Nigeria’s traveling overseer, NIS, has received 13 Nigerians from Namibia, Togo, and Seme-Krake.
The NIS spokesman Sunday James said this in a publication on Sunday night in Abuja when he returned home as a full-time volunteer from Togo.
According to Mr. James, the total of 13 persons have been transferred to Lagos for Corona’s inspection.
He said, "We also told them to stay at home as the N CDC prepared for new arrivals from abroad to prevent Corona's disease."
James said the border of Seme-Krake is a road that enters or goes through Nigeria and borders with Benin. He said NIS does not change to manage these gates.
According to the NIS, the number of nurses through the Seme-krake border has increased, so the number of nurses through the Seme-krake border has increased.
The Chairman of the National Assembly, Mr. Muhammad Obadedee has urged tourists who are returning to Nigeria to be cautious about trafficking, as they are victims of criminal and indiscriminate trafficking.
--- President Buhari to speak at 8 : 00 p.m.
President Muhammadu Buhari will speak with Nigerians today, April 27, at 7 : 00 p.m.
Television, radio, and other electronic devices are to collaborate with the first Nigerian television channel (NTA) and the federal media (FR CN CN) for the announcement.
Nigeria will continue to live online.
On the VON Social Media handles:
--- President Buhari to speak with Nigeria today: President will abolish the constitution or add days to it
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari will speak with Nigerians today, Monday, April 27, 2020, in the morning.
Nigerians are eager to hear what President Buhari will say about the housing system.
This was announced by the presidential assistant in the field of news and publicity.
--- Assembly will be resumed on April 28
The Nigerian House of Representatives will return on Tuesday after a weekly vacation due to the Covid-19 pandemic in Nigeria.
On the 24th day, the first three months of the House of Representatives began their two weeks ’ vacation to allow the House’s administration to provide adequate security to prevent the spread of COIVD-19 by the Senate but a week after the federal vacation set out to ensure the development of the home system in Abuja and Nigeria.
In a statement signed by the House of Representatives, Mr Patrick Gibewa stated that he recommended the chairman of the House of Representatives to comply with the provision of the National Assembly of the National Assembly of Representatives, the National Assembly of Representatives, and the provision of the House of Representatives.
The publication invited the helper of the parliament to stay at their home and said "who would be invited if they needed assistance for a special week in the morning."
The members of the House of Representatives will discuss initiatives to fight Corona’s disease and the country’s economic and economic crisis.
--- Federal government investigates HIV / AIDS in Kano - Minister
Nigeria’s Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, has said that the Canadian government is reporting investigations in Kano, saying that the facility will send the panel in investigation.
Ehanire said the investigation team would hold a meeting with the governor of Kano to such claims and added that it was unlikely to be a Corona.
Mr. Ehanire said the team would continue to examine, isolation, the end of the patient’s skin, to determine how to adapt to the development of the state’s policies and inspection rooms.
"In the past, we have never had any experience of COVID-19 disease, and we are surprised to have COVID-19 spread."
It is designed to prevent this infection by using powerful tools and human nets.
The Minister said Lagos, who thought it was like the state of Cano, had a strong iron shape and that Lagos was quick to cope with Corona’s disease as a result of their experience with the AIDS pandemic in 2014.
The Minister continued that Kano’s natural resources and materials, despite efforts, cannot be compared to the state of Lagos, because the state of Lagos has no stain of gleaning.
Ehanire said 40 health workers in Nigeria have been infected with covetousness, but they have been arrested in places of refuge.