[Update] Luz Mely Reyes, the author of the incident, explained how the SEBIN officers confiscated the home of Díaz and Soto.
The same group of journalists wanted to disclose the message:
IN LIBRARY During this session, at agogo 3:00 a.m., the Amunippa Congregation visited Luis Carlos Diaz, a journalist and human rights advocate, who was taken away from agogo 5:30 p.m. #Nibo NiLuisCarlos Wa.
Human rights activists and free speech members joined the campaign with #DondeEstaLuisCarlos (Where is Luis Carlos?), which, now, is a popular Twitter account of Venezuela.
Diaz is a journalist and human rights advocate who is a defender of freedom of speech and he is familiar with his contributions to Venezuela and the anti-democracy and criticism of the government by Nicholas Maduro.
For some time she has worked with her wife and the prominent political promoter Naky Soto, who is publishing videos and online videos related to politics and human rights in Venezuela.
She has been working as an artist and resident in the field of entertainment and cultural entertainment for the people of the country and in the field of entertainment and cultural entertainment that isn't available in the country.
Diaz has been a member of Global Voices group for ten years.
In my opinion, Luis Carlos is a young volunteer who is rich in news and self-sacrificing in our own Venezuela.
It has been filmed on socialism in the country (to protest) #NiboniLuisCarlosWa.
On the first day of his inauguration, Con el Mazo Dando’s self-determination showed a video of Díaz’s address.
The spokesman for the organization, politician Diosdado Cabello, said Díaz had participated in a protest to show the lack of international power supply which allowed Venezuelans to live in the holes for over four hours on March 7 and 8.
There are no evidence of corruption.
Luis Carlos Díaz has been missing for just seven hours.
[Diyaz] is a journalist and radio broadcaster for the Union Radio Noticias. He is also a human rights activist.
We have the headquarters of SEBIN and the lack of [share in] #NiboNiLuisCarlos Wa.
[Update: they confirmed that [Diaz is in their manager]
Journalist Vladimir Villegas said he did not understand that he was arrested by the government:
Radioet Luis Carlos Díaz, has been detained by the City Agents.
We feel sorry about the situation he is.
We seek guidance on the cleanliness of his place and protection of his human rights.
The Global Voices stands together with Luis Carlos, his family, and the independent media of all the leaders in Venezuela.
We look forward to seeing him enduringly in peace of mind and spirit, and as soon as we continue to share his stories about this story.
Social media bills will eliminate free speech in Nigeria
The bill will provide licensing for internet shutdown in Nigeria
Representative Mohammed Sani Musa is the sponsor of the social media agreement. Photo from Channel Television You Tube.
On November 20, the Bill to Protect False and False Persecution of 2019, known as the "language of social media law", inspired by a representative of Mohammed Sani Musa, has been edited in the National Assembly for the second time.
The document’s objective is to curb fake news and hard-of-hearing stories through videoconferencing.
Although the constitution does not constitute social media use, it may even limit free expression online, the anti-government activity is criminalised and the internet’s blockage is even limited in the constitution.
Nigerians were arrested in 2016 for so-called abuse of electricity.
It’s a mistake to put in place government foundation (a government foundation)
According to Section 1A, the objective of the constitution is to "[not] publish any false or false statements in Nigeria".
It will clamp down on fake publications that may be put on Nigeria into "in disappointment", without mentioning aspects such as national healthcare, national security, "unprecedented financial negligence" and "undertaken Nigeria's relations with other countries".
Section 1c describes the proposed bill into "picking, administering and protecting the use of electronic devices and electronic devices".
In advance, there is nothing more impossible for the new constitution as it is on the internet — under the superstition of fighting fake news and misinformation.
The social network is a dictatorial text, no one gets out of hand, all Nigerians will face, no community or place of residence, no one gets out of hand, the military dictates about the "purple danger that doesn't have evidence" if Nigeria's economy gets out of hand.
Section 3a to b(i) of the social media policy states:
Nobody should take advantage of Nigeria’s insecure that it is not true and that it is not true for itself; and there is a clear internet shutdown that can bring the country up to eight days for national security.
The theme of "national security" is the month in which the law retains the right to free expression.
But at the same time, none of our brothers could be invaded or surprised by the Nigerian government because of no error.
In Section 3b(vi), a clause entitled “participating in civil society” cannot be passed online.
According to Section 3b(v), this is in line with the words: "tackle, spoken to one or another among the people".
This is unfortunate because it allowed the officers to use power at all times.
Whom do you tell if a blood cell can cause complications?
This meant that some Nigerians may be afraid of their hate speech in their face.
A compensation fee for the convicted between 200 and 10 thousand [around $556 to $28,000 in the United States] is imprisoned for three years or two.
Inspector-General of Police ordered a temporary shut down of internet
The document used for social media to give the government the strength to spread the internet as a player killed every time he thought it was wrong, by means of "Find Relief Commissions" to use the internet as described in Section 12, Luke 3:
The Police Department could issue an authorization to the Nigerian Communications Commission, NCC [Nigerian Communications Commission — a centralization of telecommunications] to authorise internet shutdown in order to tackle challenges of internet shutdown in Nigeria.
Netizens must obey this restrictive law or pay from 5 to 10 thousand dollars [$14,000-28,000].
In addition, the document identifies the security of online services that are not threatened by the "national or similar" situation when it cannot be issued in a unanimous judgment to call them to "tackle the restrictions of corruption" on the internet, according to article 12, paragraph 5.
The seizure of human rights increased due to the fact that the law requires police authority under the law to obtain such a defense command.
Section 15a describes the "multiple labor" of the police during the "proverbial investigation" as the key to avoiding internet shutdown in the country.
In conclusion, “there is no possibility to be trialed in the Supreme Court” [Articles 13(2)], in which individuals can object to restrictions without the first stop of police interference with the restrictions.
This great impact — no one is allowed to go to the court for the human rights defamation that the defense is still in place.
Representatives behind the protocol on social media
The proposal was filed by three lawmakers in the National Assembly, National House of Representatives: Mohammed Sani Musa (thanking lawmakers), Abba Moro and Elisha Abbo.
The organization Mohammed Sani Musa, Activate Technologies Limited, joined the 2019 elections using thePVCs, when it was candidate of the political party of the All Progressives Congress (APC) to representative of Niger East, according to the media outlet, Premium Times.
The INEC had dismissed the complaint.
These recommendations highlight that the elected leaders were not working with the powers of the government.
Ishaku Elisha Abbo of the opposition party of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) is a representative of the North Adamawa District in Adamawa State, in northeast Nigeria.
In July 2019, under police inspection, Abbo engaged in a cleaning clash with a sister who was involved in a cleaning clash in the capital city in Abuja.
After the photo was posted on social media, Abbo offered recognition in his actions and appeal.
Abba Moro, a PDP member, is a representative of the southern Benue branch, central Nigeria.
On March 15, 2014, Moro, the General Manager of Customs Service, was involved in the ongoing Inspection of the Nigerian Customs Service for so-called 6 million youths looking for 4 million jobs at the Customs Service in various parts of the country.
The most tragic episode, which killed twenty people and injured many.
Moro had been charged with a total of approximately 675 naira dollars [$1.8 USD].
Moro increased his money as well as violated the Unity Service Act.
"No need is stopping, be afraid, be afraid" – #SayNoSocialMediaBill!
Faced with the hashtag #SayNoToSocialMediaBill, Nigerians net in Twitter to share their opinions:
In a summons, Amnesty International observed that Nigeria would not be intimidated by the "free expression of conscience" and would "incite imprisonment for so-called".
Both under the direction of the pandemic of fake news and fake news, we look into a legislation that does not have the love of the people.
It’s quite surprising that politicians were steadfast on taking a false talk online.
The ongoing political party and a strong opposition party said Twitter was a platform to propagate hate speech, disinformation and hypocrisy during the 2019 presidential elections.
Read further:
Social media spreads racism, misinformation, and reverence during the 2019 presidential elections
Twitter became a spot of crackdown during 2019 Nigeria's elections
During a time of free speech in Nigeria, many words from American writer Toni Morrison brought hope:
This is the time when filmmakers work. It's not a time for peace, it's not a time for peace, it's not a time for blood transfusion, it's not a time for fear.
We say, we write, we write.
The draft law on social media has been rejected for the second time in the House of Representatives.
Before the constitution is introduced, a law-enforcement committee overturned by the law-enforcement agency. The law-enforcement committee will report its review report to the National Assembly, checking it, and issuing an electronic copy of the law-enforcement agency before the introduction of the law-enforcement agency.
We should look forward to the committee’s efforts to eliminate the effects of the social media outlets.
Because the most famous country in Africa will be in the government immediately after free speech and dissent.
Tanzanian Supreme Court will order relief efforts between elderly and young children
"This is the best decision a court will make"
Tanzanian girls' Scriptures used for photograph on July 10, 2007. Photo by Fanny Schertzer, used with permission from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
In October 2019, Tanzania’s Supreme Court closed down the 2016 ruling that ruled in favor of the youngest brother to be married by a woman and a boy at the age of 15.
The Tanzanian parliament decided to amend this decision because women are enduring themselves and that marriages are safe for young women.
However, on October 23, 2019, Tanzanian government lost its appeal ruling that was still pending with a higher court order: the general public must decide on the 22nd day before the marriage, increasing the power of persecution of children in Tanzania.
According to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), Tanzania is the largest refugee country in the world.
Netizens were able to show their delight over the verdict.
They included Rebeca Z. Gyumi, an elder and the protagonist of the kidnapping case.
Gyumi is the founder and co-founder of the Msichana Initiative (Protection for Girls), a non-governmental organization that encourages girls in terms of education.
Acts to End Child Abuse in Tanzania
In 2016, Gyumi signed a law of marriage Act; 2002 (LMA) which allowed a woman under the age of 18.
According to the Tanzania Demographic and Health Survey (TDHS), 36 women between 25 and 49 years old are married before the age of 18, and 5 of their fellow worshippers are married.
The LMA permits girls whose birth date is less than 14 years to marry with court assistance, parent assistance for the age of 15, when the age of 22 is the deadliest date for the man.
In a statement issued by her representatives, Gyumi explained that the LMA preferred to give men more privileges than women.
It further argued that the policy provides for protection of children’s rights as well as for access to literature for girls.
Gyumi appealed to the Supreme Court to adhere to the LMA policy.
The Supreme Court did not.
But they realized that it was unconstitutional and gave the government a year to make changes to the irregularities in the LMA regime.
By means of a representative of the panel of judges, the government was authorised to place a 22-year marriage for women and men.
However, the former general representative dismissed the verdict and filed an appeal to the Supreme Court:
With government approval: I've received a retrial on the case #childmarriage. The 204 criminal case of October 2017.
Read more: Mozambique describes kidnapping as a criminal activity
space for retrial
In the four-month period of court hearing, the government planned to rule a re-construction of the 2016 LMA system which allowed a 15-year-old daughter to be considered a married person.
The Attorney-General, who is represented by State Judges, Mark Mulwambo and Alesia Mbuya, described the difference between women’s and men’s gender equality as well as the local culture and Imale religious laws, was present.
Ms. Mbuya described the difference in gender behavior as "diversifying circumstances" and "diversifying circumstances" by the law.
According to him, marriages can protect girls who are missing in a truck if they are pregnant, because girls are pregnant more than men. He said marriages can protect girls who are missing in a truck if they are pregnant.
He further explained that the court had denied the basis of “discriminatory celebration of the children’s and married days for marriage”, meaning that different cases had been imposed on the basis of restrictions on the marriage of a man and a woman.
Netizens have barely criticized the motivation behind the proceedings.
Read more: Mozambique, Cote d'Ivoire promotes collective action on women and children’s rights
Stop attacking
The verdicts refer to the dilapidated cultural impact on girls and various genocides in Tanzania.
According to the United Nations, in order to elected Nigerians in 2030, government authorities have to revision the discrimination law and implement legislation that will lead to modernization.
The result of the study found that the right day to marriage is different from the number of read documents and associated words (TDHS 201).
In Tanzania, there is a six-year difference between the girls who do not go to school and those who read the higher or higher text.
In Tanzania, what is illegal is whether to want or give a student a 30-year prison sentence if there is a higher sentence.
The student who survived could not return to school in particular if she was sick.
The sex trafficking against children is a safeguard for girls, regardless of how they go to school.
In Tanzania, marriages of girls prevent girls from studying and are unable to have access to education, according to a survey conducted by the Tanzania National Survey, 2017.
The punishment is a well-deserved platform that provides a better life for learners to complete their education work without interruption.
However, students who are still facing violations of law are forced to return to study.
Jamaica's identity logo used by Kanye West is curious about ‘explosion’
Fear of goods with stories about Jamaica is spread online
Kanye West sings at the National Road March in Garden benefit, New York City, May 10, 2011. Photo by Jason Persse, CC BY-SA 2.0.
American poet Kanye West performed a pop-up concert at Kingston, Jamaica, shortly after the weekly celebration of the National Deaf People's Day (19-21, October 2019) will commence.
This is the first time the artist’s lyrics group will be released from the United States, under a phone call to a national government that Ja had sent the show to his house.
Yet, the story is remarkable with the identity sign of Jamaica’s identity that West we have seen over a contract that he has made on his world headquarters without permission.
Within two days of the opening ceremony, the opening ceremony of the Emancipation Park in Kingston, the capital of the country, — a place where some speak up based on the controversial claims of West about slavery at an interrogation today in May 2018.
The museum was used in 2002 to commemorate the "freedom of sign" for 300,000 species in Jamaica on August 1, 1838.
Maybe it was your first message about the story, but it was not your last message.
In particular, as the Permanent Director of Culture, Olivia "Babsy" Grange understood opponents when she said the country was a reference point to the significance of the story, in which a song sponsor believed that the story, as she echoed on the occasion of a global protest on Sunday’s Eid-el-kabir, "raises" the significance of the traditional culture of the Nigerian Fascists.
In addition, Kingston's residents, who took to the streets the weekly, carried out carts and photos of disadvantaged people as they conducted to the streets.
Without a doubt, the story is intertwined, and thousands of Jamaican Nevs have the story that has been recorded by Jamaican radio station as well as Jamaican radio stations for their powerful work:
It is a remarkable report that it may take action to (Religious Religion) to embrace empowerment/religious rights as well as the identity symbol of Kingston, Jamaica and the highest native bird.
I’ve done some research on the internet and looking forward to giving evidence in the aftermath but I really didn’t know about it, I discovered what the internet bars with these identities and what is going to do with the story...
The reality of Jamaica is that former governments have never publicly acknowledged the significance of the Ajée ‘Jamaica’ or their identity symbols, such as debris and debris.
It was excellent for our music and similarities, Ska, Mento, Rock Steady, Reggae and others.
Jamaica's land remains steadfast with a costume that has a highlight of the island's significance to bring people to the streets.
The opening ceremony of the exhibits at the Emancipation Park brought progress to the more uniforms of the Jamaican government and citizens, along with the use of national names in the street.
I have noticed that the Kingston City Council of Ministry of Culture and Governorance is taking urgent measures to rebuild things.
I think the government has certain lawyers.
In fact, the attorneys are still assigning measures to address the abuse suffered by the Jamaican national storm.
Police surveillance threatening ‘in Guinea as President Alpha Condé refuses’ resignation
"Many countries have backed the government on this measure"
The cover of the events in Guinea is from a France 24 report.
Massacre struck Guinea on October 14, causing mass murder and rescuing after a protest against the presidency of Alpha Condé, who was attempting to revoke the constitution and allow him to move for a third time.
The capital, Conakry, and other cities are now in conflict with the police and protesters.
The police authorities have used a new legal basis, which allowed them to use insurgent when it comes to them.
Protesters have sent six people to the streets, saying that there was one police station in Ogun, and several were killed.
Read more: Defence forces in Guinea have been authorised to use genocide
Protesters refused to sign a change to the constitution they view as a presidential move to have a third-largest position.
In fact, the constitution set a two-year term for the 81-year-old candidate for the election. However, his term is expected to end in October 2020.
The protesters are the most vulnerable to violating the law, according to Human Rights Watch:
Translation Original Quote
Human Rights Watch reports that Guinea’s government has endured a year of insecurity on the streets, referring to a national security threat.
Local authorities have banned 20 protests against political parties and others.
The security forces have expressed mutual disappointment with those who were not allowed to be arrested and caught thousands of people.
Regarding the political episode, the parliament also promotes a jerseys: On October 13, President Condé wants an interlocutor's message:
Translation Original Quote
Alpha Condé has called for speeches in his hospitality and wants to make it the only momentum to meet what is happening in the state as well as how to meet the challenges of the country.
However, Ahmed Tidiane Traore, the vice president, said the following day, October 12, — two days before the protest — to some of the youngest recordings of the ruling Reunion of the People of Guinea:
Translation Original Quote
We appeal the youths of the party to show discipline on the street.
[they are violent opponents] have created a problem, we call on initiatives from the group to find a free way to the existing difficulty, but not to resist struggle, not to destroy any building, but to protect yourself.
Every client becomes an obedient figure and showcases their position.
Two people in the country have expressed their displeasure as an opposition group and human rights activists, according to the counterpart globalguinee.info:
Translation Original Quote
On October 14, 2019, the Day of the Greatest Month of the Year, in response to the call of the FNDC [Forces for the Defence of the Nation’s Constitution], Guinea-Badagry continued to be on the street to advocate for amendments to the constitution.
Attack took place in the communities within the capital of the country.
Karakata died in the middle of the city's administratory center in Kalou.
People in Central and River Guinea also heard the call and joined citizens.
Peak attendance was held in subsequent and eastern Guinea.
However, several cities have filed complaints with the government.
On benbere.org, the dialogue site for young people in Mali, bloggers Adam Thiam wrote:
Translation Original Quote
With tensions rising in Guinea, tensions with tensions continue to rise, tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions with tensions.
Netizens were alert to the incident through social media:
Like Blaise Compaore [politician Burkinabe] Alpha Condé buriing a burial, can you recount the family of your brothers?
It is the future. Currently, the ship is riding.
On October 15, Guinea Bhiye Bary wrote:
Hamdallaye (#Conakry): Police raided several citizens on the streets.
According to him, the police were hurting and scared at home.
S. Nkola Matamba, writer and human rights activist of the Democratic Republic of the Congo, expressed sorrow:
A member of the opposition group, who wanted to return the law because of his self-sacrificing love to de-escalate for a third time, even if it might be a deer until Earth ends, Alpha Condé is truly an example of African support!
Congratulations, congratulations!
#GUINÉE – it’s a surprise. Condé’s opposition protest for a third day just took the lives of people.
Amoulanfe—Chiikh FallTM (@cypher007) Day 14 October 2019—Full political parties willing to die in the presidential elections
Guinea activist Macky Darsalam has taken measures to respect people’s view:
The opposition group in Guinea does not have any security on its own during the attacks: representatives of the opposition group refused to report to the controversial parliament since October 11, 2019.
Violence against these political parties has taken a strong precedent, according to the mediaaguinee.org response:
Translation Original Quote
...the head of office of the Union of Republican Forces (URF) in Sidya Touré, the fight between a member of the opposition party and those looking for government-appointed anti-democracy march took place between the protest day and the day in the affected areas.
The attacks came to an end after the URF’s collapse that resulted in six people who had no knowledge of their names and political parties.
#SexForGrades: Anti-Western African universities showing awareness of corruption
Care makes the victims unable to report
Boniface Igbeneghu, professor of the University of Lagos, Nigeria has met with the candidate in a number of games (Image from the BBC #SexForGrades)
#SexForGrades, a BBC cover story that gave birth to a love film produced by university experts along with students in Nigeria and Ghana had come to an internet spot and has generated individual questions about how to stop the film in group:
During the study, released on October 7, 2019, artist Kiki Mordi failed to complete his education program because he wanted to remain harmonious with his university teacher who used to test himself because he could not compose himself:
Boniface Igbeneghu, the University of Lagos, was associated with students in a subsequent investigation by the BBC.
Photo by BBC #SexFor Grades.
An hour-long investigation of the “parole of love for education” in two African universities: the University of Lagos (UNILAG) of Nigeria and the University of Ghana.
Boniface Igbeneghu, a player at UNILAG’s class, and a founder in the Foursquare Gospel Congregation, in Lagos, are among the educators who have been affected by the storm.
We saw Igbeneghu in the BBC show show showing love to a girl who felt like she was a 17-year-old student who was missing without worrying that the BBC's coverage was covered by newspaper reports. Igbeneghu said now:
Have you noticed that she was a deceased woman?
You know that I am a believer in a religious congregation and that I am a 70-year-old believer but if I want a 17-year-old age it will be money and money...
During a meeting of the two, Igbeneghu blazed through the fire and asked the girl to showcase her feelings, adding that she was able to live in the work room on the street.
The Foursquare Congregation has described Igbeneghu as a "manner of good news".
Additionally, the Lagos University had dismissed Igbeneghu from their school and extended the conference to the branch’s "purple room", in which teachers engaging in hospitality for young customs.
Unfortunate events last year
This increased intimidation has sparked tens of thousands of Nigerians online with the hashtag #SexFor Grades on Twitter.
Most of the surviving users on Twitter expressed their displeasure with their experiences of violent gender equality:
On the other hand, a celebrant of the book and of the book, Senator explained the "biggest regret" he experienced when a group of full-time employers of a university (DVC) signed an unwanted place from him:
Women have been affected by high school experts and experts.
However, because of the treatment of self-sacrificing people, it is not easy to speak out and is not easy to write out for negative values.
In 2016, the National Assembly sentenced a five-year prison sentence to a teacher who was wrongfully convicted by a student of "Law of the Supreme Court Concentration".
However, the Federal University of Education (FSB) and the Federal Executive Council (FSB) have denied this bill to give it to the pupils because it faced strides against teachers and perceived high school authorities and power.
The extension of the letter to the act was punishable — and this allowed the president not to give up.
Is the hashtag #SexFor Grades a new #ChurchToo murder?
In July this year, celebrity filmmaker, Bussola Dakolo, accused the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) of violent crime while she was fourteen years old.
Read further: A fool or a fool as a shock?
Massacre in the face of rape charges
For the past six years, Otunboro has been charged with multiple rape cases.
However, the interviews of Dakolo’s accusation of Ototsenbo led to a major concern on the internet as a businessman.
For a few days, the church; #ChurchToo — an example of myself in the #MeToo world — received a webpage in Nigeria.
The complaint is spread from online to protest on the streets in major Nigerian cities, such as Lagos and Abuja.
The hashtag #ChurchToo movement urges the government to “consider the abuse of women and girls.”
The #ChurchToo culminated as a "scandalous disappearance, especially in the religious community" in Nigeria.
It gave women the opportunity to hug their mouth.
Like the #ChurchToo, the tantane love game for #SexForGrades has led to a powerful abuse of powerful emotional disappointment by women who are not focused on public relations.
Will this sign-language online be a mobilizing non-line rights advocate who will demand a revision in which higher education will be a safe place for women as well?
It will be time and time alone.
The only musical school in Zanzibar has to be closed
New Dhow Language School promotes Swahili culture
Students from the Dhow Orthodox Academy (DCMA) showcases, asks, clampdowns and clampdowns at the Old Customs Service Centre, Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019. DCMA Photo.
Thousands of visitors to the city of Stone Town, Zanzibar, who is part of a historical event, have received the music program from the Dhow Song School (DCMA), a music class dedicated to the promotion and conservation of the island's Swahili musical traditions in the Indian Ocean.
Since 2002, the school has been coordinating the promotion and conservation of the traditional Arabic, Indian and African songs.
Seventeen years later, the school received little money from the banknotes and was able to close the school.
In a statement issued by the DCMA, an estimated 70 percent of the students did not receive a minimum of $13 USD a month.
With the support of the educators who have paid the school, the remaining amount remains as high as it seems to have built the school's property located in the Former Customs Service.
Without cost-benefit continuations, the DCMA students and staff are trying to get out of the school’s ascendance to cry — go down, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out, go out
The school is distinguished not only by its music but also by its cultural and cultural promotion but also as a home for young people who live in educated areas.
A DCMA student teaches, instrumental monsoon tune. Photo from DCMA school.
"We [when] are still seeing a difficult time," said the DCMA manager, Alessia Lombardo, in a DCMA video photo.
As of this critical period of up to six months, there is no doubt that we can pay the monthly income of teachers and employees.”
During this time, 19 schoolchildren and other workers have been working for three months in advance to receive refund due to school disbursement.
According to the World Bank, despite being familiar with the environment where the school is destined to travel because of the old circuits and large-scale residential properties, hundreds of indigenous peoples are getting worse especially when things are produced more than once.
For the past seventeen years, the DCMA has been working for the music industry to promote the heritage of heritage and culture of Zanzibar.
The son of taarab musicians, Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, also known as Bi. Kidude, Zanzibar is a music festival celebrating the cultural and traditional relationships of the Swahili province.
In modern times, learners can echo local music such as taarab, ngoma and kidumbak, with the addition of literary materials such as clerics, law-and-growing, as critics — and combinations — of culture and action.
Neema Surri, a violin at DCMA, has been studying the violin materials since nine years old in the DCMA video.
"I know young people who love singing but who can not pay school taxes because they are false and don’t have job ".
DCMA students use song-writing tools in the Former Customs Service Customs House, where the studio originated in Stone Town, Zanzibar, in 2019. Photo by DCMA.
By the end of the DCMA workshops, which were certified and completed a year of education, most of the DCMA students were grabbed and played online.
Mr. Zanzibar, a former DCMA student, who is now a teacher at the same school, Amina Omar Juma, from the ninth country of her group of artists, who is "inciting traditional music" in combination with the sixty-two songs, "Siti and Group", recently returned from a musical tour in South Africa.
He, a few members of his group of artists and a group of DCMA students, had once released their first song, "Fusing the Roots", in 2018, which made them proud of one of the visits held in Sauti Za Busara, one of the most traditional music festivals in East Africa.
Here are the Siti song and the group "Nielewe" ("Love me") and the image of the song, which displayes a photo, which tells the story of a woman who is suffering from a house arrest, and who smiles her own self. The story is similar to Omar Juma:
Read more: Western African singers sing women’s men with impunity
Stories of cultural crisis and association
Approximately 15,000 visitors have been able to watch, study, and accompany artists throughout the day at the main school in the city.
The school has architectural and architectural designs of the "national culture", located alongside the Indian Ocean and the Persian Ocean.
The Omani Sultanate region, which was " the seventy-seven end of the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to the seventy-seven years prior to Muscat to Zanzibar".
From Stone Town, the Omani community controls the damaged water, including shoes, worshippers, and clothing, as a result of hurricanes that flood Arab-Berber indigenous ships — shoes — across the Indian coast, from India to Oman to East Africa.
Young people in Zanzibar experience a history that has a tremendous impact on their north east, playing down what is seen in modern-day music they live out.
The DCMA students and instructors recently released "TaraJazz", a derivative of both taarab traditional music and modern music.
Aba violin, Felician Mussa, a 20-year-old musician for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most modern group of artists on the islands, it is in picture by Aline Coquelle:
The Swahili community is telling the history of the indigenous culture that the DCMA is still developing in it with the music association.
Each year, the school hosts a program called "Swahili Injury", which brings together a group of stars from Africa, Arabic, European and North American musicians and DCMA students to play within a week.
In the meantime of the "insult", the new booth will come up as a bulldozer in Sauti Za Busara, and these booth will also form a long-term relationship that does not know different languages and cultures, demonstrating that the same language is common for the entire world.
DCMA is caring for a musical program that promotes students’ music and collective exhibitions with tourists in the city of Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019. DCMA was photographed.
DCMA recognizes music as a force that makes people strong and as a force that makes people united and friendly without regard to culture — and also provides employment opportunities for younger people who have a courageous but vibrant spirit to be.
For the 1,800 students who have participated in the DCMA workshop, the only is a well-known music site, where they have learned and learned about the music industry and how we become musicians.
A traveler from Spain, who watched DCMA here, wrote on TripAdvisor: "My view is that the performance of some artists was the most favorable time on this island".
While the Zambia tourism industry works, the DCMA believes that music has a vital role in celebrating, commemorating and promoting the culture of the campaign, the heritage of and the history of Swahili.
Zanzibar is much more expensive than the street and restaurant — it's the only endemic place for a crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowded crowd.
Editor's note: The editor has worked freely with DCMA.
Crackdown on slaughter continues in mainland India
Superstition and lack of awareness behind witch-hunting in India
An exhibition at Jamshedpur village in Jharkhand. Photo by Anumeha Verma
On July 20, a total of four elderly people were tortured in the Gumla community of Jharkhand, India, after being accused of corruption.
According to news reports, these elderly people murdered a man and were convicted by the Panchayat Village Committee.
The four elderly people were evacuated, and the deadly men put a tree in their homes until the deadly destroyed.
Eight of the cases are under police surveillance.
According to the police records published by the Times of India, the murder of 123 people in Jharkhand took to the streets between May 2016 and May 2019.
Meanwhile, a total of 134 people were displaced by the national ministry for so-called “surveillance” in 2016.
Crackdown on Strike
"Jharkhand is not new", Prem Chand, founder and chairman of the Free Legal Aid Committee (FLAC) in Jharkhand, said in a telephone interview.
TheFLAC is approaching legislation against corruption in Jharkhand.
The company began operations in the area in 1991 when neighbors accused a woman of having contributed to the killings of a boy.
He was killed by a group of kidnappers and a husband and his son.
He sings himself.
During a visit to Prem Chand and his fellow members of the group, they addressed the following challenges:
They were told that they would stand behind the accusations.
They also believe that if the blood of a deceased person falls on a landslide, his power will be lost.
Prem Chand said that there was one section of the community:
In many parts of the world, women who are so isolated are often shepherding.
The fisherfolk were the Adivasis, Harijans, and Dalits.
The enforcement of liberty and liberty to women and the fundamental right to life for all men.
Social and Political Autonomy
The kidnappers say that the fever is a source of deep faith in the neighborhood.
First, a health care system that preserves the healthy and psychological conditions in the affected areas has degenerated as a standard.
These arguments indicate that it is fake.
With the laws of Indian states that make spottes unlawful, these crimes are considered as a means of self-sacrificing.
They also advocate for violating women’s values, imposing power, stopping, or violating women.
According to Prem Chand:
It is strategic that once you call a woman with sickness, you can supplicate her for exploitation.
However, it is important to note that women are subjected to violent crime and that there is no specific reason for it.
In the meantime, the panchayat has always contributed to the kidnapping in the evening, especially when it does not contain severe punishment orders.
In addition to the elected panchayat, some find themselves called self-sacrificing panchayat without any permission given to them anywhere in the country.
These groups are often trialing and punishing someone who has not been killed or killed by anyone.
A incident in the Ajmer region of Rajasthan in 2017 a panchayat emergency that killed a fourteen-year-old woman.
According to the law, the courts adjourned abruptly against the cases of elected panchayat and the local panchayat.
However, those affected by the debris have little opportunity to appeal to courts before the debris of the debris.
Transfusion across India
Jharkhand has recorded the number of injuries recorded above all, but not only in the state.
The ceremonies were held in Chattisgarh, Odisha, Gujarat, West Bengal Assam, Bihar, Maharashtra, and Rajasthan.
In a incident in 2014, Debjani Bora, an indigenous domestic helper had suffered disappearance.
According to Debjani’s case, a large-scale human death case is being initiated at the Cherekali Village, about 180 kilometers (25 mi) from Guwahati, the capital of India in the eastern coast.
The head of the village prayed at the name of the village where the brothers tortured him.
The 2017 incident took place in the Rajasthan province.
Also, a four-year-old girl, Kanya Devi, was attacked and killed after her family accused her in the Ajmer region.
Boxers and Survivors
People accuse species for their genocide: humans or animals, rainfall, agriculture disasters, and others.
The attacks against these women (and some men) seem like a species.
Sometimes, the fines and torture come from their relatives.
Some live and share their stories and fight for their rights.
One of them was the Chutni Mahato of Saraikela in Jharkhand.
People from the region often call him "tigress".
He was accused of corruption in 1995. From then on, he has turned into a activist in the violence against women with the support of the NGO.
Chutni said the recent lack of support made him difficult to cope with this pandemic.
We are grateful to the support we have received from the ministers and the government for the work we are doing here.
However, I have been tormented by this tragedy.
If someone came to me for help, I would wait until the end,” he said in a telephone interview.
Download Public Domain
Survivors and human rights advocates think that people all have not been eliminated from slaughterhouses.
Human rights activists who have been interviewed on the event are encouraging to note that the lack of government and medical support has not led the unprecedented activity to progress.
The best thing to do is that those opposing this sadness are believing that change is possible.
According to Prem Chand:
The efforts to end cultism may follow critical policies imposed by the government to promote and promote cultural heritage.
Additionally, doctors have been seeking help in the treatment of dengue fever.
B. Vijay Murty, a journalist and Jharkhand resident, gave the charge to those affected.
Treatment of Myanmar's innocent elephants
A group worker burns Ayeyar Maung in food. / Aung Kyaw Htet / The Irrawaddy
The Irrawaddy, a Myanmar online news outlet, was published by Aung Kyaw Htet in a remarkable version of Global Voices.
When board officials found him in the case of Eti-omi Irrawaddy, then Ayeyar Sein was three months old.
His first appearance fell on the streets.
He was rescued by government officials and sent to a hospital bed in Bago District for treatment.
It is the eighth elephant that will be saved in Wingibo, a safe place for native Myanmar elephants.
Another elderly, Ayeyar Maung, also experienced a disappointment.
Before the camp, the six-month elephant had to rise to the ground.
And it falls on the same grounds as Ayeyar Sein, the other hands he left.
However, he was survived and later served as a local brother in the last year.
They were both the shortest lived livestock in the camp; four were the oldest lived livestock in the camp.
Every believer has a story or another story about the violence of an opposition person.
Some people didn't see their kindness, others became infamous when victims of wildfires killed their parent.
In a camp in Wingaba, the young elephants who had not the mother had to give them food from the craters who had to give them every day.
Theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, theoretically speaking, and theoretically speaking.
Meanwhile, Myanmar is expected to reach 1,500 elephants.
But what is sadistic is that those who save their lives are not allowed to live in their lives—one elephants are killed once a week.
Tobago’s prolonged dilapidation of climate change shows that no more way is possible than observing climate change
The island's reefs are on "Bleaching Alert Level One"
Photo by Matt Kieffer, CC BY-SA 2.0.
The deepening of the bottom line is something that can not be abandoned in the memorable aspects of the Tobago Economy project and the island's circuits.
The homes of individual species are flooded (and flooded for local peasants), and also protecting the environment, which prevents high winds and flooding.
The bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed bucketed buckets
But after a publication to the news portal released by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coral Reef Watch on August 22, 2019, it concluded that — the investigation from the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coral Reef Watch that — the mountain range of Tobago is now on the mountain range to organize the "Robbery Campaign", everyone watching the island.
It is unclear that the spike in the weekend can start to the second round, causing threats to the floodwaters, the subsequent floodwaters and the island's residents.
What is special?
The pioneer and pioneer are the pioneers and the pioneer are the pioneers and the pioneer are the pioneers and pioneers.
The floodwaters will also have strong power needed for their development, but the transformation in the water supply is instrumental for the partnership.
If water rise (or worse) through it, the floodwaters — and the floodwaters — will lose their hands.
Remembering a reverence, there is a reverence; there is a reverence, a rise from the reverence to the reverence; and there is a reverence from the reverence to the reverence.
The Pioneer Group March announced that if we fail to do anything, the gifts would be dealt with.
The IMA scheduled that heritage experts and citizens will collect the floodwaters for heritage certificates over the next nine to twenty weeks.
The second round of debris would constitute a reference to the global debris and the death of debris.
What has happened?
According to local circuit overseer Anjani Ganase, the youth who launched the Tobago marathon is the culprits for the subsequent water rise — which contributes to the climate change.
In his remarks, Ganase explained that the continental winds are typical and caused flooding — especially in some of the Caribbean’s rich floodwaters — to rise strongly.
Even the 12-week-long NOAA Tobago blockage ended the change to Lesser Antilles.
Hoodlums in the region, such as Greater Antilles and Cuba, have been featured in the Second Congregation:
Where is your face?
The only thing that we know is hypocrisy.
Since the flooding provides food, it also serves as a home for the fisheries and for the fisheries that are still not available in abundant water, so if we lose them, the fisheries will survive.
If it falls on me, that's the job of the fisherfolk.
Tobago is a local tourist; about 40 percent of the island's pilgrims are visiting these floodwaters.
If the protests continue, people will not see a dark shadow, the price of travel will be higher, and it will boost customer services like: hotels, treasures, transportation and tour operators.
As winds continue to rise as a result of climate change, the tunes have a vital role in driving power to water reservoirs and the rest as alienas between sea and sea — but the global warming has helped to work with it.
An estimated 90 percent of Tobago's floodwaters perched through the floodwaters.
During the West Indies University’s October 2018 Summer Youth programme, Professor John Agard said that the project would boost with the intensification of storms and the increase of fasting.
What can we do to prevent him?
Ganase said that the flooding had been forced to overflow the flooding through tobacco leaves and the destruction of the environment as the result of the tobacco leaves.
As we continue, there are only techniques that can be used to ensure that you are fit and safe:
It is necessary that the owl is a nod to keep the minds alive, and that the construction work assured them of good foodstuff and water that is good for the owl in time.
He continued:
The fundamental task of the community is to minimise the environment, and citizens also have the right to demand sustainable development from government officials before providing them support, tools and educational support for confidence and confidence.
It is necessary that our legal entities, regardless of how the government is, or a large corporation that uses these legal entities, be consistent and consistent.
It is now mandatory for the government of the island to declare a global duty to tackle the climate change challenges.
On October 11, 2019, Governor Barbadia Mia Mottley addressed this issue at the United Nations head office in Geneva, urging major countries to take action in order to address climate change.
He said that the Caribbean "will not have a very good time because [we] are working with scenes".
Ganase believes the problem would be repaired immediately.
What he all agreed to take a climate of change and devolution is to give him, he says, in particular, to "build work" for politicians:
As we look at it, it’s not easy, but there is another way to go.
Traveling: A stop of sporting for Africans
The demands for a passport serve as a curriculum for a client
Cartoon by Natasha Sinegina (CC BY-SA 4.0).
Photo by Jon Evans (CC BY 2.0).
Photo retweet by Georgia Popplewell.
In 2019, the Ministry of Finance, the writer and the certificate of origin of Nigeria, had not been allowed to attend the African Education Conference in Europe held in Edinburgh, UK.
The Britain Governing Body in Nigeria ruled that it was “with deep regret” that Olofinloa would release the UK after the contract was completed.
The UK company called for a refusal of the passport. Acting, he returned to Nigeria, no matter.
In April 2019, the UK passport authorities forced 24 of the 25 surgeons to join their classmates at the London School of Economics Africa Summit.
Those experts who have yet to know how to cope with Africa’s pandemic could not see any passports for their participation in a conference called “the challenge of pandemic.”
‘Never again!’
It is not only the struggle that the Africans are put in place in some parts of the world — it is also the reference to the humanity setting up that is supporting the belief that Africans are't put in place in the ministry as well as in the ministry as in the ministry.
Section 13 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that "every person shall be entitled to flee the country where it ought to be, and must return to the country where it ought to be".
Local truth, yet, if there is no passport or valid passport, it is not easy to use.
The demand for passports is difficult in some countries, and in some countries it is not the same.
In 2019, the Henley Passport Index, Japan and Singapore were the most easy countries to travel, while Angola, Egypt and Haiti were on the sidelines.
Read more: ‘No Tourism': Tanzanian musicians never see a tourist event in US
Kenya writer Ciku Kimeria explains life without any sign "right to document".
The woman explains that the passport is not only translated to any other country because "will she have to answer questions like, ‘Why we have come here?’
If the indigenous workers ask for questions, if the answers to the questioning are not straightforward, a pilgrims will be able to face self-sacrificing.
For African pilgrims who seek to travel to an African country where it is not African, the demand for a national passport is often a testament for the slaughterhouses.
Adeshina Ayobi (Yooba Youth), the chairman of the Yoruba-language Global Voices, shared her experience when she questioned Lisbon, Portugal, for the 2019 Creative Commons Summit:
I was deeply saddened to hear about the program at the 2019 Lisbon CC Congress...
On April 18, 2019, just a day before my birthday, I picked up the requests for a visa from Lisbon that I participated in the conference at VFS Global in Lekki, Lagos.
The conference, which was held from 9 to 11, 2019, will hold a peak attendance for the passport.
On the day I had to leave Portugal, I had never received a passport...
Eleven days after the convention was a backpack of lightweight, I came to get my passport from VFS.
The crowds come, the joy is moving the head.
The lack of passport is a problem, the lack of free travel is a problem, the lack of free travel is a problem.
I am deeply saddened and saddened by the principles of the Central Bank of Nigeria which make money free to overseas; I cannot make money back to money for all the travelers.
I was intimidated by the right to freedom of association with my fellow members.
My voices were stolen!
Challenges: For African pilgrims traveling through Africa
It was difficult for Africans to travel outside of Africa — but also difficult to travel outside of the country.
Several Africans can travel to different countries in Africa without a passport, or without any restrictions, but most Africans need a passport to travel to other countries.
The Chairman of the Federation of Global Voices, Rosemary Ajayi describes the "purple concern of Africans who travel within the continent":
I am happy that we are talking about what African people feel when they ask for a Western passport and something else.
This didn’t affect me, like the confidence of African pilgrims who travel in Africa.
At the RightsCon in Tunis and GlobalFact in Cape Town, I asked Africans if they need passports.
On this holiday, I found out that a Nigerian journalist could not be on GlobalFact because he didn’t have a passport.
Therefore, it is important to note that there are other African countries that have taken to the continent before they can enter Tunis.
Over the past month I met with a journalist from East Africa who is asking for Nigeria’s passports. They are asking to issue a certificate of employment by truck experts who will staying in the airport!
According to Rosemary, travelling in Africa is a step forward to travelling outside of Africa before travelling to an end to Africa.
At the IATA’s regional carrier conference held in Accra in June, Ghana’s Vice President, Dr. Mahamudu Bawumi acknowledged that “to be a businessman from Freetown [Sierra Leone], for instance, to travel for two days to Banjul (the third country for travel) for less than an hour.”
The price hike for the airport is similar to the highest price hike for the continent.
Is it true that Africans can not return?
Deadly eruptions on Canary Island in 2006.
Photo by Noborder Network. (CC BY 2.0)
During the 2010-2017, armed militias from sub-Saharan Africa reached southern Sierra Leone as the most densely populated country in the world.
Many Africans flee the country for reasons of difficulty and difficulty, looking for fishing, fishing, fishing in the northern and midwestern United States or Europe.
The Pew Study Report 2018 that the number of migrants from Southern Sahara "was about 50 or more between 2010 and 2017, more than 17 per cent of the world at the same time".
The Africans from Southern Sahara is moving across the globe.
In 2014, approximately 170,000 illegal pilgrims traveled to Italy through the Midwestern Ocean.
Many came from the Southern Sahara Desert.
In December 2018, Brazil's police killed 25 Africans from Sahara Southern Africa "which has been on the Atlantic portion of a whole month".
In June 2019, the U.S. Customs Service and Security Council in Del Rio, Texas, USA, arrested more than 500 Africans from the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Angola, who are taking to the floodwaters of Rio Grande from the USA.
Newspapers have that Africa was a part of the history and war, but Marie-Laurence Flahaux and Hein De Haas, the experts at the University of Oxford and the University of Amsterdam, did not believe in it.
Flahaux and De Haas argued that it did not have any effect on the trust of our brothers, "the corporations and politicians" and the values.
The study asserted that African marginalizations were permanent, resulting in a "regime of development and social transformation" that promotes the transition to the African-born global territories — a marginalization that wasn't different from anywhere else in the world.
The following stories also highlighted rides in the circulation process:
The majority of countries believe that all African pilgrims will not return to their country, even if the pilgrims have an accurate document.
It is difficult to get out of those who are not Africans about the name of the country he originated from Africa.
Today, African countries have a long way to go about the fluctuation of Africans. One passport is the only way to go for all countries in Africa — but not a long way.
The single African Air Transport market (SAATM) and the Continental Free Trade Agreement, which were launched last year, have embraced a long-term pace of progress.
During this time, as an African, the aim of traveling is to experience the genuine attitude of overseas travelers — or remain steadfast in African unity.
Nowadays, the passport is demanding a passport and it is not permitted to trust in it.
Fake news and racism were distributed via social media during the Nigerian elections.
Massive lies ripped through social media during elections
Presidential elections held on March 28, 2015, continuing in Abuja, Nigeria. Photo by the US Embassy for Tourism in Nigeria/Idika Onyukwu [Collage: CC BY-NC 2.0]
This is the first of a two-minute online news outlet that focused on hate speech, corruption and misinformation in Nigeria during the 2019 elections.
You can download the second page of the story here.
Nigerians were elected as presidents and members of the new committee on February 23, 2019.
Two candidates for the presidency, the incumbent president gave him a 15 thousand votes to win his prominent deputy, Atiku Abubakar, with "parochies 56 to 41".
We pray for Buhari for his four-year second term on May 29, 2019.
Read: #NigeriaDecides2019: All that you need to know about this year's general elections
However, all that he could have was put in place in the campaign, no matter the social media spread.
Discussing hate speeches against racism and fake news appears to be a content platform online, especially on Twitter.
Grassroots hatred in Nigeria
Several trials — around 250 and 500 languages — have once been a source of insecurity instead of insecurity.
This highlights the moment of elections when politicians use sexist clampdowns on the poll.
From land to land, online conversations in Nigeria are not without hate.
Read: Nigeria: The rescue of an abnormality of racial hatred — online and online
During the 2015 elections, for example, the Twitter stadium in Nigeria was a bitter and contenders among the supporters of the two former candidates, Goodluck Jonathan (PDP), and Muhammadu Buhari (APC, Imale, Hausa, Fulani).
Twitter has become a tool for spreading prompt racism reports and a tool for the political party.
There are some who think 2019 will be different because Buhari is a member of the All Progressive Congress (APC) and Abubakar of the Democratic Party of the People (PDP) who are both Hausa, Fulani Imale, but not.
Their supporters — Yemi Osinbajo (APC), Yoruba, and Peter Obi (PDP), Igbo, are Christian supporters — but from a diverse race.
He is looking to re-construction the 2015 but with some other attacks.
Everything about Nigeria's politics in 2017 was masqueradic, two years before the commencement of the elections.
The Biafra Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), a group of western Nigerians led by Nnamdi Kanu, has added much-needed stereotypes.
Read: As the TV hate speech increases, the Nigerian writers are working hard
Anti-graft in northern Nigeria has driven massive terrorists in the southern part of the country.
Some Christian followers “are called on the immense fulani heritage of Emancipation to move on the south as a step forward from the 'Synthemic' on the ground.
The Nigeria government’s attempts to investigate the ongoing attacks and “insult those who violate the law” resulted in about 4 thousand deaths from 2015 to 2018, according to Amnesty International.
So far, racism has risen ahead of the 2019 presidential elections.
The ongoing innocence allows for fake news – both online and online – during elections.
Elections and online credibility in Nigeria
Number of internet users in Nigeria has risen from 98.3 in 2017 to 100.5 in 2018.
Facebook followed Nigerians with 22 thousand users, including YouTube photos (7 thousand and more) followed him, Twitter (6 thousand) and Instagram (5.7 thousand).
Among the 84 thousand voters registered for the 2019 Commonwealth Elections, the number of candidates — 51st — was 18 and 35 years old, and 30 was 36 and 50 years old.
The abbreviated period, which has a digital literacy scholar and a digital literacy scholar, was the largest period among Nigerian voters.
Therefore, it is unthinkable whether there is a digital space to mobilise for the 2019 presidential election.
So, it makes it difficult to trust in online news during the 2019 elections.
There are two major political parties in Nigeria, the All Progressive Congress (APC) and the People's Democratic Party (PDP).
As a racism incident occurred between October 28, 2018, and May 29, 2019, international hatred speech has been instrumental for improving the accurate news of fake news against both Nigerian political parties on Twitter during the 2019 presidential elections.
These notices were released from the internet during this time.
When it comes to fake news about racism, the APC supporters insulted Obi on the fact that he returned the Oya people when he was on the official positions of Anambra State in southeastern Nigeria.
The tweet visited a large-scale building where Yoruba people listened to Igbo businessmen in Lagos. The stories were fun and should be viewed in the second edition of the document.
Image 1: Festus Keyamo's false tweet
Image 2: The image displayed by Keyamo is true.
On October 28, 2018, Festus Keyamo, ex-democratic director of Buhari's campaign organization, tweeted an image (Aworan 1) of a rushing tree between a ruling train:
How much has happened to the railway between 1999 and 2015...
Now, the trains are called ‘finals of work’, and the trains are called again.” The Peoples Democratic Party was coordinating the campaign from 1999 to 2015.
Finally, a Twitter user from Nigeria uploaded the photo to a Tweet in Arabic (Image 2) published in that month.
The tweet testifies that the image originated from Lebanon.
Keyamo’s wish is to demonstrate that the administration of Buhari has taken action to fix the former government-appointed railways.
However, another image of the country used to mention the "extension", embracing it all.
Image 3: Discussing racism
Image 4: El-Rufai offered the tweet “to give up violence” featuring Image 3.
Demonstration of racism takes place during elections, during elections and after elections.
An Igbo tweet (pictured 3) Bashir El-Rufai, a son of the Government of Kaduna State, alleged that the Igbo ethnicity included the auspices of the Nigerian Air Force.
Between 1967 and 1970, Nigeria faced conflicts with Biafra, an Igbo tribe in the southeastern part of the country, aiming to divide it from the Nigerian government.
However, according to Bashir El-Rufai, the outcome of his party’s 2019 elections, APC, came up. It should be seen as a “religious victory” by the people of Hausa, Fulani.
He returned to apologize, after being applied, for a tweet "to give up distress" as shown in Image.
The tweet was also tweeted (Photo 3).
False reports of racism were distributed on social media during the elections into two categories: unexpected reports and false reports.
Miroslav Tudjman and Nives Mikelic, interview scholar at the University of Zagreb, Croatia, translated non-partisan reports into "prominent news to fascinate people".
The spread of fake news as a truth, is a source of deep reflection and a false news.
Tudjman and Mikelic say that the spread of the news is more than conventional or fake news.
There is the reason why the media outlet "is not changing one's action" through "unprecedented events or acts of corruption taking place during the [we] discussion period".
Like this, the way to spread the news is following a partial or a partial spread of the news for the benefit of political statements and so-called mentality.
Fear of the 2019 elections is threatened by the fake news and the spread of newspapers who are starting to publish elections but threatening "the fear of a prolonged elections".
The second part of the book will review how this happens online, especially on Twitter, with few examples.
The article is a translation of pro-Internationals reporting on digital access on principles such as the deterioration of online access and blood-based information during critical political events in seven countries in Africa: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The work was sponsored by the Africa Digital Rights Fund and the Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
In Kenya and Ethiopia, these men see the ‘pictured’ spirit to shoot on the ground
Both men say that God is rejoicing
Tropical Depression in Dunbar, southern Ethiopia, passed by Mohammed Yiso Banatah along with him without any use.
God’s house will be built for all practitioners.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein, used with permission.
On December 26, the BBC Swahili posted a photo illustrating Francisco Ouma, an elderly person from Busia, Kenya's eastern island, who had listened to the voice of God, to take a burial on the ground.
The arousal was through illustrations of how her elderly people were exposed.
Since the end of February 1967, Ouma has been pursuing the coveted rule in the country when he has taken the coveted coveted coveted rule in the country.
Today, it has a total of 24 rooms in its landslide.
Screenshot by Francis Ouma, who listened to the voice of God, to take 24 rooms on BBC Swahili / Instagram.
From the worldwide, many have never witnessed that there are so many health challenges like this, including threats to health problems like this.
But the worshippers of Imale, Juve and Venice have witnessed the joy of the son of God, who has lived on the streets for thousands of years.
"God gave me only picture", Ouma told BBC Swahili.
When I was studying the land, I took the photograph.
Even if I’m not alone, it’s better for me to fall.
He used both patterns and hands, and Ouma had some of the backs that did not get rid of the debris.
Afterward, he discovered a place to hide the image of God’s land in his heart.
On one occasion, there was a bubbling episode of Jesus’ word.
It was Jesus Christ who brought this news to me, and Ouma explained it to me as far as it was done for Moses.
Ouma believes that she is bringing spiritual support back to the earth.
The second round is ongoing.
This was the first set of the virus.
The second is in the process.
I can't specify what it will be now because I can't choose what to be human origin.
So I will stand for the release as soon as possible, Ouma told BBC Swahili.
BBC Swahili photo gallery has been watched for over 50,000 times with an estimated 100 reactions.
Since most of them have been declared sanitary, many are claiming to be worshippers of God’s Word and many are responding to the Bible’s message after all the dignitaries of God.
An Instagram user wrote:
Translation Original Quote
For me, the people of now, I have a stronger respect than those who share God’s Word with me in worshippers, for the 52th anniversary of our people of the earth — if we do not obey him, why’t we renounce his neighborhood and government?
There is no request for any assistance for katakata or money for her family. We cannot relent in this case.
Mohammed Yiso Banatah in 2012 described the ten principles God’s name as marriage.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein.
The God’s House for Ethiopia Marriage
In southern Ethiopia, evidence from an elderly person named Mohammed Yiso Banatah, who claimed in 2012 that he was killed 33 years ago in different religions.
On the street, she listened to the voices of God’s house for the organization of marriage on the ground.
It is known as the Danbar Island is located at the Banatah Street, Hawassa and Shashamene Street.
Banatah said that at his third time, he had witnessed a blessing on the buildings of God’s people.
You can read the following link from Banatah's original documentation and what was wrong with the beginning of her world construction work:
Faced in his final story, a scrub in the 1970s, a man observed that he took Mohammed to a small tree in his bag and referred to his neck.
The man set the building where the construction would be started and told him that the construction would be ready.
Eighty minutes later, he was able to pray.
A nearby area, a nearby area, a nearby area, a nearby area.
We know where to start, when to start, and how to start.
The next day, at the end of the day, he continued working with his own hand without any restrictions.
Floodwaters and landslides have made this of a limited cost to rescue people at about four miles from the west side.
Some players have made their wedding arrangements outside.
The construction of these murderers demonstrates the work of Mohammed – he has served several hours in ordeal for buriing, buriing, and cleaning all corners in the nights and corners, along with the holes, and the holes we know about in him, where other rooms have window displays that the western rise is taking from an unknown place.
From the universe, the holes under the ground have been an example of being viewed as a place of life.
Odindin wrote a book entitled "Al Kahf" or "Hell in the land" in the Quran text.
This story includes a religious story known as "The Deer", in which young people flee the country from their faith and search for a holy place.
After their arrest, they returned home and assured all citizens of their faith.
What is the reason for that Donald Trump is concerned in Nigeria?
Trump has many lovers in southern Nigeria
President Donald Trump returned to Special Forces in Washington on August 19, 2018.
Photo by Samira Bouaou/The Epoch Times, CC BY 2.0.
President Donald Trump of the United States has turned to the top of the world in terms of his laws and international relations — but this has not been the case in any country like Nigeria.
Soon after the Pew Research Centre’s investigation, many Nigerians were "insulted" as Trump "will take important global issues".
Screenshot from videoconferencing and telephone surveillance in the gallup — a supermarket and adjourn company located in Washington, DC gathered responsibilities in a Pew survey.
An tweepsmap interview based on the number of followers of Trump on Twitter alleged that Nigeria was ranked fifth in the five countries around the world:
The Nigerian writer, Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani, commended the worldwide network on a radio broadcast associated with the BBC, saying the experience of Trump as a "ragious man" has made the most populous African citizens wanting to go ahead:
People love her alleged alleged alleged alleged alleged alleged alleged alleged alleged alleged allegations.
The Americans see it as a bizarre person.
His action was insufficiently.
It was not who they claimed to be.
But the type of leader, who refused to speak, seemed to be new to us.
So, her attitude was not as bad as the American attitude.
Religious is another reason.
Christian followers love trumps
Cheta Nwanze, investigator of the SBM Intelligence, told Global Voices:
I am satisfied with the IBI they have conducted this investigation in Nigeria.
I know that it is not across the southern Nigeria, which explains the love Nigerians have for Trump.
Most of her fans are Christian, and above all, she is viewed as a good image.
Nigeria, with an population of over 200 thousand, has two major religions: the Religious Religion and Imale.
The total population of Nigeria is estimated to be about 50 and 48 per cent of the total population.
The study method shows that the "participation and division of people into territory" has been conducted.
However, for safety reasons, there were no reports from Adamawa, Borno, and Yobe in northeast Nigeria.
Nigeria has a total of 774 indigenous governments, an indigenous government department, and six administrative departments.
Central Europe, North East, North East, South East, South Africa, South East, and South Africa.
Nwanze said that the majority of Southern Nigerians found it unbelieved by the Pew Research study.
The study also demonstrates that many Christians in Nigeria are "in the US as a country of 69 more good (more than 54) than the Holy Scriptures".
After the U.S. killed Iranian general Qasem Soleimani, the police chief issued a national apology publicly on behalf of the Nigerian Legion of Army.
The Nigerian Emancipation Group described the death of a rushing bottle from the sky and Soleimani as a "warmongering call".
We have described Trump as “only one of the leaders in the world in this time who has a typhoon.”
However, many Nigerians liked Trump.
Twitter made a regular news site during 2019 Elections in Nigeria
Grassroots News Fears and Grassroots Twitter shutdowns
Photo by Nwachukwu Egbunike
This is the second part of the story in two categories of racism on the internet, online hate speech, online news and corruption during the 2019 elections in Nigeria.
You can read the verse here.
In Nigeria, the online community is a place where anti-graft and corruption reports will be spreading as often as during the elections.
During the 2015 elections, Nigeria's Twitter displayed clashes and discussions between the two most prominent supporters at the time, Goodluck Jonathan (chieftain of the Peoples Democratic Party of Nigeria) and Muhammadu Buhari (chieftain of the All Progressives Congress and Muslim APC).
Tweeting has become a tool for spreading racism and political hatred.
The 2019 election period has not changed.
On February 15, the National News Network (RSF) issued a declaration of their opinion on the campaign against "international news".
The Nigerians also expressed their view.
Journalist Abdulbaqi Jari tweeted:
Social and political comments in African countries
A 2019 survey by Dani Madrid-Morales at the Huston High School and Hermann Wasserman at Cape Town High School concluded that Nigeria, Kenya, and South Africa would be using "false and international news to curb the love of politicians".
Many online comments on social media, especially during the campaign, are causing "insult" among those using online comments "because they have been seeing an "national news" in many ways", Madrid-Morales said.
My study on various genes between October 28, 2018 and May 29, 2019 on the 2019 Nigerian elections held on February 23, (to choose the president and senator in the National Assembly) and June 9, Kenya (to choose the governor and senator in the state House of Representatives) highlights the existence of two modern-day technologies in particular: a digital version of the National Assembly (to choose the president and Senator in the National Assembly).
International news against racism
Peter Obi, deputy two Atiku Abubakar of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP) is someone who suffered from an abuse of online news against racism during last elections.
Obi was previously governor of Anambra in southeastern Nigeria.
A Tweet that supports the campaign of Buhari-Osinbajo, the Coalition of Buhari-Osinbajo Movement shared a Tweet (Articles 1) accusing Obi of “forcing Northern Nigerians to evacuate from Anambra when he was governor.
Image 1: A Tweet by the Coalition of Buhari-Osibanjo Movement accusing parents of ‘insulting’ the northern people into their communities.
Chapter 2: Photo by Nasir El-Rufia
Governor of Kaduna State and a member of the ruling party, Nasir El-Rufai, highlighted the accusations, tweeting (Articles 2) that Obi is "religious person".
This stated El-Rufai does not influence Obi’s position as vice-president.
Read: A Governor in Nigeria lauded foreign governments: Send our electoral message to'return to your country in the dark'
What has happened seriously?
The Vanguard newspaper that in July 2013, a total of 67 Nigerians, many of whom came from Igbo, were "transported and killed at the same location in the Upper Iweka region" located in Onitsha, Anambra State.
Obi, who was then governor of Anambra, described this actions as "unlawful and violating the human rights of people who became their community".
After the general interrogation caused by these reasons, the Premium Times that Obi was also guilty of the following words:
In 2011, he returned to Ebonyi and Akwa Ibom, in the southern Nigeria.
Chapter 3: Photo by Jubril A. Gawat
Obi dismissed Nigerians’ Twitter accounts of the Coalition of Buhari-Osinbajo movement (Articles 1) tweet.
Approximately 70 Northern brothers and sisters were "powered by bars in the state of Kano" according to a study published on Sahara Reporters.
Like the APC supporters, they used the anti-fascist news to knock down candidates under the leadership of their party.
For instance, Jubril Gawat who was recently appointed Deputy Governor of the Republic on a newly published tweet that (Articles 3) a election for the candidate of the opposition party Atiku Abubakar “should be a election for the Igbo race.”
Nigeria is a country where racism is an especially dangerous country.
Democracy is also used by politicians during elections because it is necessary to divide people into a “weapons” group with “they”.
Therefore, they are eager to accuse Obi’s alleged return of the Northern people to their country to the oldest persecution of the Igbo and Hausa trials that caused the Nigerian Army.
Their goal, along with the campaign of newspapers, is to display Obi as a Biafra activist.
A ethnicity in southwest Nigeria, many of whom were Igbo, tried to evacuate the country through a triangle in the country between 1967 and 1970.
For this reason, they are encouraged to use the mention 3 defamation of "a election for Atiku is a place for the Igbo race..." to describe the origins of an elderly racial hatred that is already existing between Kaduna race and Igbo race.
During the 2019 elections, Atiku was a promoter of the Igbo race that had once tried to evacuate from Nigeria.
Records from chapters 1 to 3 highlighted ideas that were powerful to cope with a history that was not present among the two ethnicities.
The UNESCO estimates that international news will now be part of "eternal awareness" and will be described as "common and centralized in the news".
The racist election campaign has a tremendous impact on the hearts of those he has heard and has turned these believers to the mainstream media.
The Eruption of Yoruba Refugee in Lagos
Chapter 4: A Tweet photo [with Twitter address and removed] by Chioma which reports online that the Yoruba population is targeting the population of Igbo people in Lagos.
Also, the Peoples Democratic Party (Peoples Democratic Party) supporters used the racism speech to carry out APC elections in Lagos State.
Points 4 and 5 display Tweet images by a protestant PDP who says the Yoruba people have burned Igbo people in Lagos.
The assertions were false, and the Lagos State Police Commission confirmed it was right to kill her.
A Facebook account that previously used all the words in picture 4, with an image of the roadblocks put in place was the source of the fake news.
African Check that the photo displayed as an image of a protest site on February 24, 2017, held in a province near Pretoria in South Africa.
Chapter 5: A Tweet photo of an online news outlet that the Yoruba's ordeal of Igbo people in Lagos II
Sustainable tension between politicians
On February 13, a Tweet user Souljah tweeted (Articles 6) that Ballard Partners, a Alukoro company originally located in Washington DC, to campaign Abubakar as a President, conducted a subsequent investigation of the candidacy of the opposition party, the PDP.
On February 5, the study was signed by Brian Ballard, CEO of Ballard Partners, and Chairman Saraki, who is the Total Director of the Abubakar Election Campaign.
The souljah tweet perched thousands of people around him, thousands of whom rejected for a quiet reason.
The deadline for the election was on February 16 (the deadline for the election was on February 23), thus far, would not affect the opposition party, PDP, or the latest investigation that took place three days before the election.
READ MORE: Nigeria postpones 2019 general elections after elections are overwhelmed by the threat of 'organizing and implementing policies'
Chapter 6: Photo by Souljah
But on the evening of February 13, Ballard Partners that the report was not published (Articles 7), described as a "gossip", and assured them that they would not "tackle the PDP".
Ose Anenih, a PDP supporter, was hanged by one of the APC leaders who tweeted this report to the personnel of the Nigerian police and the Electoral Commission, INEC for "crime and law-abiding actions" aiming on "picking elections should be simplified".
But this is not the first time they have made news available to politicians during the elections.
Chapter 7: A Tweet photo by Ballard and Partners featuring a series of independent studies.
Many Presidential Relief Fails
Par. 8: Tweet by Lauretta Onochie, by Lauretta Onochie, assistant president
On December 4, 2018, Lauretta Onochie, the assistant president of Buhari [which was then the presidential candidate] tweeted (Articles 8) a photo of food and 500 naira donated to the audience on the second day of the election campaign for Abubakar as president in Sokoto, northeastern Nigeria that day.
Onochie’s accusations were completely false. In fact, in a nocturnal speech about the “election” was filmed in “February 2017′′, Chuba Ugwu commented on this in a tweet.
An online news outlet (ICIR) has checked over 1,000 pictures of Onochie on Twitter between August 1, 2018 and July 31, 2019. The review shows that Onochie "will use an unwanted picture" at least 12 times.
Digital commentary: advice in Nigeria
Section 26 of the Nigerian Cybercrime Act states that "prominent attacks and the use of free speech against people on the basis of their ethnicity, religion, patriotism, patriotism, or country".
Those responsible for the crime are sentenced to a five-year prison term or up to ten thousand [approximately $28,000] or both.
In March this year, Enough is Enough Nigeria (EIE), a group of young people and the Paradigm Initiative (PI), a group of lawmakers and digital activists, launched the trial of Onochie and Gbenge Olounpomi, assistant governor of Kogi State, at a Court in Abuja.
The two agencies "have converged on Onochie and Olounpomi's criticism on the internet" as a result of violating the Nigeria's 2015 Cybercrime Act.
Read: What will impact the 2019 presidential elections in Nigeria?
Many Twitter soldiers engaging in false posts
Most of the examples above are not unknown as they do. They simply try to eradicate the truth.
This is not unfortunate, since the APC and the PDP are made online soldiers to "show bad reports" on the internet or to " defend" at risk during the campaign.
They use both organizations to "tackle the internet" — "a group of government officials or political parties who have been assigned to help more citizens turn their views back online".
This year’s election was amended by the 2015 APC and PDP where they participated in the spread of free and fake news with the aim of promoting political opponents “in line with their campaigns on the internet that were “organized to de-escalate undamaged voters,” stated Eshemokha Austin Maho, a Nigerian writer of propaganda and censorship.
This is seen as a result of the “building of false information on the internet” where they have distributed “defamatory words” and “non-coverage information with the tendency to translate the opinion of politicians”.
The outcome of their role was that Twitter became a regular and ethnoreligious media to push politicians ahead of the elections, during elections and after the 2019 elections in Nigeria.
The title is part of a series of records that look into censorship and online censorship through codes such as censorship and international news outlets during critical political events taking place in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The work was sponsored by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of the Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Africa receives hundreds of thousands of dollars from Great Bank of Nigeria to develop modern bankruptcy
Anti-Africa experts should 'cause a lot of precautions'
The Nigerian singer filmmaker D'banj speaks at the CAX Fest event in Cairo, Egypt, 2018. Dbanj told the analyst that the filmmaker was "a renewed and sustainable petrol carrier".
For some, the cultural and cultural importance of the country has been a key point in the development of the Economic Customs, in the importance they have and in the power they have to accelerate the socio-economic development of the country.
In 2013, the Centre for Culture and Culture (CCI) received a total of 2,250 US dollars from the United States and a total of 29,5 million jobs worldwide [noted] 3 percent of the project from Africa and Central America—a community of Arab-Berber, according to a Global Citizen Association’s inquest.
As a result, the African Trade Union (CAX) partners with UNESCO and the African Trade Union (AFF) have launched the African Trade Union (ACS) Trade Union – Creative Africa Exchange (CAX) which will "stain as the standard for consolidating terms and principles of the coveted Trade Union (ACS) in the future"
The CAX launch in 2018 at the Africa Trade Exhibition in Cairo, Egypt, in December 2018.
Teachers from all branches of music, art, art, art, gardens, chants, tickets, photographers and telecommunications staff gathered for the 30th National Massacre Day in Kigali, Rwanda, on January 16-18, 2020.
She described herself as the "for the first day to bring about African citizens to advocate on the mutual interest of African colonialism and cultural heritage", which has about 2,000 participants from 68 countries.
On the second day of the ceremony in Kigali, Professor Benedict Oramah, president of the African Trade Union (Afreximbank), issued a 500 U.S. dollars ($500 U.S.). To support the publishment and publication of religious material related to Africa's culture and culture "for two years, New Times Rwanda continues to promote.
Omarah told the guests at the event that the costs of the relief work, which would improve the previous operations of the Customs Service, would be available at the Customs Service and be available to those he wanted.
He said that if Africa has done so much, there will be no tools to make it more profitable, as Afreximbank explained.
He continued:
Because of the lack of investments in technology and culture, Africa is not a massive business partner, and wealthy business as we have shown in music, stage games, music, photo and television worldwide.
African countries use more anti-theft products than they use overseas or among themselves.
He commended Egypt for “diversification of the modern-day economy in the last ten years.”
In December 2019, Afreximbank was elected at the International Fashion Awards (IFA) in Cairo for his contributions to the modern-day African economy.
Omarah also commended the Nigerian studio, Nollywood.
On Twitter, the stakeholders at the convention were grateful for the convention held in the Intare camp of Kigali:
Speaking at the CAX 2018 holiday in Cario, Nigerian singer D'Banj told investors:
What you need from your young man will help you to understand that the oldest is the petrol that many impacted and should be supported by the company.
The CAX week with the International Trade Tour of Africa (IATF2020) from December 1-7 in Kigali, will follow the latest CAX 2020 holiday.
Speaking in Nigeria joins team members to celebrate 2020 International Communication Day
Radio — a tool for an unprecedented and sustainable development.
A man carried out a carpooling machine that ransacked roads. Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma'aji using CC BY 2.0.
There is no wrong assumption that radio station is a medium of communication that has contributed immensely to the global development.
The Yoruba people said, ‘throw a call on leaders, give a call on leaders,’ prompting the United Nations Working Group on Education, Culture and Culture (UNESCO) to mark February 13 as the International Radio Day.
This was the date of UNESCO’s recognition to the importance of videoconferencing in life — a unique, undemocratic developmental path.
Nigerian speakers joined international media outlets as they commended the celebration of the day and aimed at ensuring the wellbeing of the media in developing the world.
"Reports are changing as things are happening, but technology is still the most useful for many people to hear about its trend, it is still the most active tool in all forms used by the media because of the strength to reach endemic areas and endemic areas... "Alfa George Bako, while working at the National Congress, stated: "This is the most active tool in all forms.
Professor George Bako stated this at the international radio station in Lagos, Nigeria.
Photo by Olo Ayoba, used with permission.
FRCN — also known as Radio Nigeria — is the leader of the Nigerian radio broadcast project, with a group of fans worldwide broadcast through Lagos through three speakers: Radio One 103.5 FM, Metro 97.7 FM, and Bond 92.9 FM.
These characters — among her fans and those watching — also speak English, English, Hausa, Igbo, and Yoruba.
Television is still the best way to spread newspapers in Nigeria. FM (Nigeria Television Television) is the most common, AM (Nigeria Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television Television
In 2019, the Nigeria Diary Radio Stations Ratings in August showed that Bond FM was ranked No. 1 in Lagos as the most trusted person.
Following the event, interrogators from across Nigeria shared their love on Twitter for radio:
Dan Manjang, Chief of Public Relations and Publicity Officer of Plateau State, urged them to speak out around the world for "every effort, effort and time" to share the information and the various technical programmes:
The protest in Nigeria began in 1933 with the History of the Federal Radio (RDS), in which it was made available on mobile phones where people were linked in to the British Radio (English Radio).
In 1950, the RDS used their new uniform — it became the Nigeria Radio Broadcast Service (NBS) — and then became the Nigeria Radio Broadcast Service (NBC), with radio broadcaster and radio broadcaster in Nigeria's subdivisions. The NBC became the Nigeria Radio Broadcast Service (NPR) in 1978.
"It was the first Nigerian radio station to be released in Ibadan in 1939.
Kano's identity followed in 1944," according to newspaper Legit.
Legit explained that RayPower FM, was the first independent radio station in Nigeria, was released in 1994 and until 2007 there were reports from international media.
Radio has been operated as a test tool for those in authority, law-abiding and providing public awareness that will have a positive impact on the people.
In 2019, the Nigeria Radio Broadcast Committee (NBC) created both African Independent Television and RayPower FM for organizing a controversial campaign.
Similarly in 2019, Jay FM in Port Harcourt was released from custody after being charged with insulting the government.
Radio Nigeria campaigned itself as a "million-year radio station" and joined international radio staff for the celebration of World Radio Day 2020.
Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma'aji, used with permission from CC BY 2.0.
Radio broadcast of solidarity and prosperity
UNESCO urges all citizens to commemorate the International Communication Day by organizing partnerships with radio stations, government agencies, independent media, and non-governmental organizations around the world.
The theme of this year's World Communication Day, which is 14th of the type of "Fascism and diversity."
Nigeria's radio broadcast is overwhelmingly overwhelming his administration's message that focuses on the development of people and implementation of harmonious technology, coaches and coordinators that encourage Nigerians to have their love for one another.
This is what is happening in a time when the political crisis in Nigeria is a time of determination and separation.
Nigeria has been ranked 14th in the world as one of the most populated countries in Africa since 2019.
Since 2011, Boko Haram, a militant Islamic activist in northeast Nigeria, has threatened people’s heart and the brutal attacks that followed, and many have been disappeared.
Read more: Nigeria: A country where it's wrong — right or not?
As part of efforts to enhance the country’s progress, the authorities of the FRCN of the Lagos Branch organized a harmonious campaign aimed at celebrating the 2020 World Communication Day.
The entire game started with a 1,200 text contest entitled "I don’t like to listen to radio" for high school students.
Newspapers learners were able to create a five-minute public witnessing program that focused on communication critics to implement key objectives to sustainable development. Two games won.
The winner of the Mater Christi Catholic Girls' High School, Ige Ekiti, Ikeiti, Ikeiti, led her to the first time a woman was 5 years old when she was radio broadcast.
It seems like I was 5 years old when I started having a chat with me.
I took away his personal items and destroyed it.
I was surprised that I was listening to the voices of the "power" and felt that there was some in it.
I questioned my father what he was and explained what the radio was for me.
On February 12, college students, journalists, speakers, and newsmen and broadcaster supporters visited Lekki Coliseum in Lagos for a convention to discuss radio's essence for development.
On February 12, college students, journalists, speakers, and newsmen and broadcaster supporters visited Lekki Coliseum in Lagos for a convention to discuss radio's essence for development.
Photo by Oloyaba, used with permission.
On next day, the interviewer-elect, the representatives of the Oba Lagos State, Otunba Gani Adams, the President of Road Kakanfow Yoruba and other visitors gathered in the Lekki Coliseum for the celebration of World Translation Day.
The food suppliers spoke with people like Cordelia Okpei and the rest of the event.
A certificate of progress on employment and employment goes to the youth of those affected.
Each program ended up with a leadership to welcome the call from deaf believers, where they had asked people to say that they would “kill the World Communication Day” in various languages and languages:
No participation was given to the event. The voices from the World Voices team were broadcast on Metro 97.7FM. The retired speakers read the stories and covered the program.
The first of the ‘Jehovah’s Day was the 2020 National Radio Day but workers and radio fans are expected to hold the festival annually.
The chairman hope that the Yoruba people will accept a 'parole' that he worshipped
Will the new Yoruba approach be implemented in the future?
The Chairman of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board of Directors of the Board.
Photo by Gustav Vasa.
Following the global campaign for the 2019 International Indigenous Year and the announcement of the 2022-2032 International Indigenous Year, most Africans have begun a concerted campaign towards developing the African languages.
The use of Latino-language literacy in the Yoruba-language field will also result in the unconditional wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of wave of waves.
The new Yoruba alive is flooding with the hope that it will renounce the Latin language that has been used for centuries and more.
According to Ogunbosin’s leader in a WhatsApp interview with Global Voices, she has been affected by the extraordinary allegations.
Currently, she has been traveling throughout Georgia — from Benin to Nigeria — to advocate on her "speaking alphabet" as the origins of alphabet.
The Ogunbosin believed that Odowwa, the ancestor of the Yoruba culture, used the alive in the ancient world — but has become a traditional tradition.
A total of 25 are present.
Language experts in Africa say that for the progress in Africa, it is mandatory to have a written or written language that is opposed.
The language below the Niger-Congo basin, a standard language, has existed so long as Yoruba can not be used to rely on natural resources in the country or in the country or in the country.
Read more: Journalism in Yoruba: How to change language
In 1843, Alusa Samuel Crowther of the Confederation of Religious Service (CMS) presented a Yoruba-language translation document related to the latino-language translation work by adding vocabulary — or vocabulary.
Since then, thousands of literature have been translated into Yoruba by using a Latino-language literature instead of Ajami, a literature that has been used in previous Arabic languages as Yoruba and Hausa languages until 1843.
Local authorities admitted that the application of the Latino-language policy, which is a sign of foreign importance, for the translation of African languages, brought the land into slavery.
The campaign saw the hieroglyphics of Egypt, the Akan Miracle in Ghana, Ge'ez of Ethiopia, the Nsibidi pictured in the Midwestern Africa that has existed for almost 5,000 years like Jesus, and the Caia alphabet that is origin of Africa.
The 'commendable alphabet' review
The Chairman of the Yoruba-language Global Voices, Mr. Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Oloy Olo
Mr. Ogunbosin, now 43 years old, explained that he could not read more after his father’s death in 1997, and that he had to fulfill the duty of being a parent as a parent to care for his children.
However, as a Yoruba’s leader, her culture of promoting the unity of Odwa’s people led to a tremendous impact on her heart, being, among them, a refugee.
The progress in this culture’s promotion of culture is, and you aren’t too enthusiastic.
In 2011, he stepped up in the tears, three in the tears, and took away a deer.
He also was invited to go to the residence of his family in the Farascism Area of Badagry, Lagos State, Nigeria, in order to see a guide to what Eledumare is doing alive.
On the other hand, he saw a “purge” that returned to his home in Porto-Novo, Benet.
When he arrived, the neck was swept away by a deer.
There are no lightning stones in the living room, it can be seen by television.
He put the knife on the street and turned off the television, a knife to him, scribbling on the street.
He searched the whole building before consulting.
On that day, he dropped the knife all night. He told Global Voices:
I was certain that I would go to the sunshine.
When I arrived, the neck was swept away and the alphabet was displayed to me with a sign of understanding.
Every time I sleep, it’s the same street, I go from one area to another, and I’m learning the people how we use the new coverage...
For three years, he hasn't paid a blood tribute, hasn't paid a blood tribute, hasn't paid a blood tribute.
During this time, in 2016, I traveled to the west and met with a man, Lamuru, who learned to have the spirit of the elephant and commanded me to take the knowledge of the elephant and read it from the universe.
I lived on the streets — and it would be for me — as if I hung it on the streets.
It became an intimidation for the Ogunbosin — it became an intimidation for the Global Voices.
He decided to remind the people of Onikoy, the Chief Operating Officer of Port-Novo, who will understand how well he has been murdered, and how well he has been murdered.
As a result of this, he was traveling from a region to another in the Yoruba Territory to erase the history of Oduduwa alive.
Screenshot of instructors who helped learn more about rejecting Odudukova alifabet at a schoolroom in Benin:
The Yoruba alphabet prompt
In 2017, Mr. Ogunbosin, along with the members of the Deputy Governor of the Republic of Yoruba in his home and afterward, appealed to Mr. Rauf Brother, who once served as the Prime Minister of the state, in the state capital, Mr. Osoye, e-Nigeria, to demand support for the new Odwo-Odowa reception.
He is the Minister of Transportation and Transportation of Nigeria during this season.
A letter to the governor of Osen State commemorating the recent release of an unprecedented newspaper.
Three years ago, Sadly, the former Governor of the Federal Republic of Nigeria had pledged to ensure the availability of the new facility in the southeastern province of Nigeria.
Prior to the publication of the Odudwahan alphabet, Ogunbosin’s Oloye wrote a book and filmed an illustration of the unveiling of the new alphabet — for instance to watch the online alphabet — as well as the dedication of coaches to children who are not affordable to complete it.
Olajye Oguntósin uses YouTube, WhatsApp and Facebook page: "Study for Good Morning" and "Godlums for Good Morning" promote and introduce loving followers to the approach.
He appealed to all who have the right to give awareness to the principles of amnesty which are meant to honour the spirit of Yoruba in the identity he has to do with language development.
A young man, Sunday Adeniy, was sponsoring the 1,000 editions of the "Alphabet of Good Morning" for the students of the primary school.
Read: Scribble: Reasons why the Google Translation team fails — in the Yoruba translation — and other languages
The literature was available in Igbo, Hausa, English, and French as well. However, the literature was not far-reaching.
The Oduduwa's elephant was a very proud one.
But passing from the Latino-language language to a new language will lead to a huge challenge.
The Oruba-language field is, in no circumstance, a field of progress and development — what the Yoruba-language field will call for.
Yoruba's folktale: how the language changes
Is it really “bean cake”?
Saraka or beans cake in Nigeria is Nigeria's fast food, July 11, 2013. Photo by Atimukoh from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
The diversity of languages are being made available on the website.
To enter, see the term "restaurant", a transcript of the French term, come into the English language.
Today, these terms — the word used from a language to a language without the language translation — are not exhausted in English language except as if we do not use the language.
These primary languages come up as a result of the diversity of people around the world, the circuit overseers, the economy, and chain-of-command.
As a result of various international discussions, their language, vocabulary, and speech systems were disrupted.
Yoruba’s spirit was not abandoned by this tragedy.
An estimated 40 thousand people speak Yoruba in Nigeria, and the Yoruba-language field became an engaging field in the English language, an ex-government language from 1914 to 1960.
It is the translation of the English language used in Yoruba. To view the word "cup" It is transcribed.
We call "phone" in the phone, "ball" in the phone, "television" in the phone, and so on.
These terms of "purge" appealed to the Yoruba language.
There are also Hausa-speaking comments, spoken by 44 thousand people in northern Nigeria.
This translation includes multiple terms from the Arabic language, such as an empowerment ("badness"), an empowerment ("badness") and a threat ("hurt").
The primary benefit of the Yoruba-language field is being used by humans during their interrogation.
He will be hearing in the words "Help the child take the ball" in the English language.
Ade, the speaker behind the wallet is vibrant in the Yoruba language, and the feud has known how they use.
The Yoruba-language field has a major challenge compared to the Yoruba-language field as the Yoruba-language field translates the Yoruba-language field into the English language, and the Yoruba-language field is currently being used by officials in the state.
For example, a grabble — translated into bean cake by Yoruba's people — especially in chat with a guest.
The use of vocabulary in Portuguese is a factor of culture — it creates — and the language will be a substantial factor.
At this time, sushi Japan cannot be called with any other name — sushi is Japan’s only sushi.
If this is the case for the Yoruba words, both language and culture, it will spread across Nigeria and the Yoruba-language field worldwide.
For example, a dietary prohibition is the only dietary prohibition in the Yoruba region, especially in the southeastern part.
The vocabulary has turned into a new language system as the Yoruba vocabulary pressured.
His translation to "yam flour" reduced the power of the state — would say "the position of Yoruba."
When we look at the translation of the English language, we return to the Yoruba "fanimorious", which is in progress and is now included in the New World Translation.
It refers to “surveillance” or “fraudulence,” which appears to be an inherited fan of the Yoruba language.
This is in line with dual and dual relationships: Yoruba is not able to accept multiple conversations and end words with multiple conversations.
As a result of this, the Yoruba-language edition of the -ious English edition was added to Yoruba-language edition.
Yet, the truth makes it clear that it has risen from the Yoruba-language field. This is a promise for Yoruba.
In recent days, many of Nigeria’s English languages were added to the Oxford English translation paper.
Several Yoruba languages will advance as the language leaders contribute to its development; its technology in the media sector must be harmonious with the world’s progress in terms of agriculture in the country.
In the end, this will also improve the work of Niger-Congo research.
Wake-up: The reasons why the Google Translation team fails — in the Yoruba translation — and other languages
So many of the dams that the technology makes are unclear.
Media Contacts, October 2018 from Wikimedia Commons CC.BY.2.0.
The English language has been covered by an ongoing online speech as a "national language" for a speech from an early stages on the internet.
In February 2020, according to the WebTech3, the ranking of the world headquarters was made available in English.
But as the majority of people around the world speak online, it burns a lot of struggles — a sign to the diversity of languages that will be used in the future.
Several digital companies have been working hard on recording non-English speech online, which teaches multiple languages on digital platforms. Google, Yoruba Names, Masakhane MT and ALC are examples of large-scale companies and small-scale companies that have made technology more workable with non-English languages.
Prior to February 2020, Google announced that it will add five new languages to its Google Translation work: Kinyarwanda, Uighur, Tatar, Turkmen, and Odia, after four years of new language access.
A man looks to be a sadder person while he has read more on the internet. Photo by Oladimaji Ajegbile, retweeted by Pexels.
But how did you get out of your translation and imagine what was the best?
Also, you are a little bit of quiet, right?
There are many controversies and difficult circumstances when it comes to translation and access.
Twitter is coordinating the Yoruba translation into English language through the help of Google Translators, where the text remains a little overflow — and each word is fixed.
What fascinates these names is more than the fact that they are being used by electronic professionals for so-called vocabulary.
These bulldozers can work for some languages, but languages like Yoruba and Ibo, are two languages in Nigeria, where the challenge is, due to the abundance of bulldozers and bulldozers that can not be used as a reference to bulldozers.
In response to the tragedy that took four years to add the five more new languages to Google, the company's spokesman scribbled on:
The translation team is based on a global vocabulary, but if there is no online vocabulary, our technology is difficult to support such languages.
However, with the progress of our lessons, and with the assistance of the Google Translation team, ecent advances in our machine, we have been supporting these languages.
Also, most people are not aware of the way we speak — or cry — in these languages.
Therefore, the nocturnal leaves are not saved because we are not able to acknowledge these errors.
Most of the textbooks don’t have translation, most especially in some of the blogs that link up with a culture that has more than one translation.
For example, the Yoruba language, such as the ayaba and the babies in a different language.
Many devices turn the meaning of both words into "queen".
Yet, when we take a look at the behavior, it is important to say that the meaning of the ayaba and the girl is different: the woman translates to "queen" in the English language when the ayaba is "wife of the King".
With these disappointments, technology has contributed to the development of African languages on the online platforms, which have led to the formation of new technology.
African language has emerged as a result of new technology outlets, such as computers and mobile phones, and new sentences that are used with new technology applications.
And this is the way these languages are being used.
Due to these new technologies, many African countries are increasing.
For example, Yoruba has tracks related to air conditioner, phone, and grinder.
The Igbo language also includes phones such as "telephone" and "vehicle".
These names were originally produced in harmony with the work they are doing.
As part of their studies on radio and commercial music in Yoruba, learners have learned that television is used by large numbers of people.
The emancipation of the case generates a variety of questions and comments — some learners thought that the film could be invited via videoconference based on their activities.
These digital challenges will boost language development — it is a nod to language development and technology development.
In 2019, according to the CNN report, Google launched its first AI study site like Accra, Ghana, aiming to ensure that "the Google Translation team assemblies African languages to go good".
An investigator for the project, Moustapha Cisse, who is the CEO of Google AI in Africa, believes that it is referred to "more than 2,000 parts of the country to be employed" — the CNN.
Mozilla and BMZ announced their collaboration to sponsor a special project that gave awareness to the digital literacy of African people. With new projects such as this, the future of African literacy is excellent.
Religious organizations in Greece and North Macedonia refuse to adhere to their religious standards as a result of COVID-19 pandemic
"French Food Corporation", photo edited in 1442 by Fra Angelico. Image homophobic from Wikipedia.
As the number of COVID-19 infections continues to increase in the Balkans, several churches violate religious standards that may cause Coronavirus to reinfect.
Regardless of how Christians obeying ancient principles of religious doctrine and other religious doctrines and religious doctrines, Magu’s congregations are so-called ‘grassroots’ or ‘grassroots.’
The World Health Organisation (WHO) has urged them to stay calm and stabilize our health situation, as well as to reduce the risk of bleeding, transplants, and transfusions.
In a statement issued on 9, Greek Antiquity Church claims that it will not relent in religious doctrine for safety.
He noted that "the pathology of Coronavirus cannot be preventable from the Carnival and that children of God will pray for the disease".
The chaplain of GOC Klimis, of Central Peristeri, outside of Athens, says that God’s message is when someone says that religious principles can cause cancer:
The light is Ara-Rajide and My Blood.
This is a burgeoning task.
The message to the Senate is to maintain the faith that a person can cope with the reverence of the Senate.
There were 89 people on the COVID-19 raid in Greece, no other.
Greek authorities, who have already murdered schools and banned conventions by way and prevented debris, appealed to the Congregation to re-examine the situation.
On a Islamic holiday last week, both the presidents and government officials went to a religion.
In Greece, it is similar to North Macedonia, the Old Church of Macedonia – Ohrid Archbishopric following the same path.
Although the ECHR has yet to provide information regarding this outbreak, it has offered Ara congregation members much-needed blood.
Media outlet Prespa-Pelagonia Diocese published an official article about the Russian capital, Pravoslavie.ru (the translation of the "Extreme Religious Church") dictating that "there is not the possibility for believers to disregard the congregation's religious principles".
Russian culpable Sergey Adonin of Russia signed the document, who says he has a knowledge of the origin of infection with an experience of hospital work.
He further explained in the article that the same typhoon, as was in the centuries of the Bizantium, caused widespread destruction, because "the faith in God continues to protect individuals and congregations".
In North Macedonia, those responsible for the implementation of the directive are denied clampdowns on the platform.
For instance, a broadcaster on videoconferencing — an activist who had once witnessed a campaign against corruption — tweeted that he had already played an important part of his religion:
Tweet: I am the One of Jehovah’s Witnesses on Sunday last week at the Holy Annunciation Church at the Skopje Hospital and I did it again!
What is your problem?
Editor's note: With all the recommendations from a health-care agent: The faithful are the Ara blood transfusions without the risk of coronavirus pandemic.
Sladjana Velkov, a well-known opponent who works as an opponent in Serbia and North Macedonia, said this was not only "not-too-impressive" and "not-too-impressive", as well as "not-too-impressive", which is often associated with elderly or self-sacrificing individuals.
In Italy, where 631 people have died and 10,000 have died from the pandemic, a user tweeted:
There are 7 COVID-19 infections in North Macedonia; 25 in Slovenia; 13 in Croatia; 6 in Albania; 5 in Serbia; 5 in Bosnia; 5 in Montenegro.
There are 28 people in Romania, 6 in Bulgaria.
Creator everywhere
The world has seen the first coronavirus to use at a religious convention.
During the last month, an estimated 7,400 people werely infected with COVID-19 in South Korea — a country likely to be recognized with the disease — from the Shincheonji Church of Jesus.
A criminal case was filed with the group — sometimes called a deceased — the eight-year-old leader of the group left the group to demand a false confession.
Additionally, the Korean Old Religious Council released a statement referring to the changes in his religion under the leadership of the Ministry of Health:
1. Every believer will be blessed during a religious time.
2. Before their participation in a religious group, they will put in their hands a group on the front lines of the religious blocks.
3. They will not accept anyone.
4. The police officers of the congregation are not stopping.
5. They will not relinquish the virtues, but they thrive in front of them.
6. They will not use the prayers during their worship.
7. They will not accept Sakara from the Alusa of Congregation, but their favour when they leave the church.
8. The fasting food should not be distributed on Sunday.
9. Divine religious meetings with fellow worshippers will not hold.
Some churches in the United Kingdom are making changes in their religious standards, such as the Italian Congregation of the Governing Body.
The Croatia religious association had also banned the disease in France, where a tourist destination in the city of Lourdes was closed.
The Romany Orthodox Church has issued a former law "which includes measures to be followed as a catastrophe":
The brothers who have been threatened by the genocide have pledged to unify their fellow worshippers to tackle challenges of genocide in some parts of the world.
If possible, they can tell the police that their case involves the transfusion of God’s blood.
Immediately after Italy ordered the disbandment of all four parts of the country, local experts, such as the Czech Republic, issued a ceremony on March 10, when they were arrested.
The North Macedonia government announced a sluggish state rankings and closed schools, as well as highest schools and universities for two weeks.
Check Completion of Global Voices projects using COVID-19 globally.
Nigeria sets travel policy ahead of COVID 19 Disaster Relief Commissions
Traveling to 13 countries with more than 1,000 COVID-19 pilgrims
Photo by Pete Linforth in Pixabay. Photo by Pixabay, for audience.
Scribble the Global Voices project on the COVID-19 role in the world.
According to a tour of Nigeria’s pandemic, five others have been confirmed over COVID-19 pandemic, the majority of whom have been infected in Nigeria are eight.
The number of patients affected by the disease increased to eight days after Dr. E. Osagie Ehanire confirmed on March 16, considering the third person affected by the COVID-19 pandemic as "a Nigerian citizen who had just arrived from the United Kingdom on March 13,".
The sick man committed suicide for the 14th day in Lagos, during which time he became sick and punitive.
The pioneer was hospitalized at a Dengue Primary Health Care Centre in Yaba, Lagos.
She is calm and prepared for treatment.
As the number of COVID-19 infections increases in Nigeria, the federal government heard public reports on March 18, regarding the ban on travelers from 13 countries including China, Italy, Iran, South Korea, Spain, Japan, France, Germany, Norway, the United States, the United Kingdom, the Netherlands, and the Switzerland over 1,000 people have been affected by the COPD.
Former Nigerians from the so-called countries must be separated for a 14-day period.
On February 27, it was confirmed that an Italian immigrant was the first to have COVID-19 pandemic.
Read: A Italian immigrant who has traveled to Nigeria for the first time during the COVID-19 pandemic
The second person affected by the disease, according to the NCDC, was the first to meet with person affected by the disease and has died now after two tests to determine the disease.
He was subsequently transferred to house arrest on March 13, 2020, according to the NCDC.
The COVID-19 pandemic has spread rapidly through the internet and is calling for effective measures to curb the spread of the pandemic in Nigeria.
online citizen, Ayobami announced the NCDC’s approach as a false. He encouraged them to "incite online propaganda and commence work!"
Gideon said that "we should be afraid" that a COVID-19 pandemic is in progress in Nigeria.
"Find travelers from other countries" especially among those affected by the pandemic, the journalist Bayo Olupohunda commented:
Dr. Whitewalker recalled that there was nothing wrong with the law to travel women during their surgical time to curb the heart during the pandemic.
Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, board chairman of the NCDC, notes that they are "promoing GIDI to ensure that they do everything that they should":
On March 17, the Senate had initially announced the passing of aircraft operating in the affected countries, including the United Kingdom and China, until the next day of the passing of the law.
Cable Nigeria reports that all the delegates from various countries affected by the disease will be subjected to 14-day treatment.
The Federal Government has passed a visa ban on citizens.
The tour, which began on March 21, 2020, will hold four weeks after the convention.
Read: COVID-19 in Africa: ‘No such training’ as the countries preparing for pandemic
Several African countries are taking measures to curb the spread of COVID–19.
Some of these measures included the violation of travel law from countries affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
Unqualified management
There are several reports of how Nigeria has been affected by the COVID-19 pandemic.
A 70-year-old woman in the United Kingdom spent five months returning to Nigeria on March 11.
Shortly after she arrived, a COVID-19 pandemic was confirmed and transferred to the Teaching Hospital of Enugu State (ESUTH) Colliery Parklane, in southeastern Nigeria.
He will be exhibited at the ESUTH Colliery Parklane and signed to the NCDC on March 14.
On March 15, the woman was killed after the NCDC that she did not have a COVID-19 pandemic.
Meanwhile, in a letter to the governor of Enugu state, the young woman accuses the hospital employees of her mother's "same disappointment" and was transferred to a "purple house" that was filled with debris.
The unprecedented COVID-19 outbreak took place in Lagos, Nigeria’s capital city.
On March 17, David Hundeyin, a journalist with News Wire, about an unprecedented monitoring of persecution of COVID-19 pandemic at the Dangote office in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos, which has already caused complications among local workers.
On March 12, a personnel of Dangote, a Indian water reservoir, came to Nigeria from Mumbai, after staying shortly in Cairo, Egypt.
Hudeyin’s investigation revealed that the man who was dangered was "bad, clashed, saddened and miserable", the second day he arrived from India.
However, "there has been no evidence whether someone in Dangote has tried to contact" the health officials who were impacted.
Hudeyin explained that the company is exploiting the "unprecedented rise in law" in Nigeria "to give up", threatening the lives of his employees and all organizations.
According to the report, the company has released its opinion that the patient has been transferred to a supermarket hospital in Yaba, Lagos State.
How is COVID-19 pandemic improving the political and subordination of China in the world?
China's emblematic picture shows a four-person image of 武汉肺炎 which translates to "wuhan's debris" ( still common in Chinese), as we know about the recent outbreak, before repairing the name to COVID–19.
Registration for use of photographs.
What started in the food industry in the river, as the cause of traditional health, has become a concern for the Chinese economy.
Following the coronavirus in Wuhan in December 2019, numerous events struck twice as well as Chinese society as well as Beijing's political neutrality challenge.
The dilapidated administration of newspapers for the government, local and local governments in the middle of the island, is driving down restrictions on the spread of newspapers that would benefit the people for a long time.
When it was ordered to create awareness on ways to curb the spread of the outbreak, it was supposed to be a reason for the celebration of the Chinese heritage.
Medical doctors and surgeons continue to conduct research and interrogation on the possible source of the disease that was then known as the Wuhan coronavirus pandemic, which was then used as the COVID-19 pandemic, a careless, respiratory and respiratory pathology.
Explanation of what may cause the disease is that the debris of coronavirus is a result of some of the Chinese food supplies, which are used at the Huanan wet market in Wuhan region, where many think that the debris is the source of this pandemic.
The path of pandemic is only one question that needs answer: whether it can spread from one to the other, and how few people can overcome the disease from one on the other.
A testimony from medical doctrine demonstrates the prolonged transfusion of glaucoma from one to the other, which asserts that the debris will be on the streets for some time before the debris of the debris of the debris of the debris of the debris of the debris of the debris.
Since the pandemic is spread, a pandemic is called a "purge of resumption", it is believed that at the end of January, the average number of residents will be 2 to 3, but the concentration and the investigation will not stop, such as the average number of residents.
As the number of affected people increases, the mainland Chinese government of Hubei and its capital city, Wuhan, has given significant impact on healthcare services, and the total population of those in the area is about 60 percent.
As the number of cases of Ebola outbreak spread across the China, health officials have been increasingly concerned about increased risk of infection in many areas of the country.
But the pandemic of the Wuhan coronavirus is not an insult on social media, it is a period of authoritarian politics.
The reverence of the government that told the citizens that no need to be afraid in the early stages, until the killings continue, and people are not aware of their governments with accuracy, and that not only in the Hubei region it has happened.
People in Beijing have expressed deep shock and sadness over the fight against SARS that occurred between 2002 and 2003, as it has been to the World Health Organisation (WHO).
Chinese leader Xi Jinping responded to the pandemic on January 20, when he announced to the public that the pandemic had passed on a month after the pandemic.
Power has spread across the China as well as economic crisis with the United States, and the current economic crisis in which they face to solve the Wuhan's crisis in 2020.
Telecommunications Services in Mozambique and Cape Verde are setting up a digital version of internet access to residents
Santa Maria, Cape Verde. Photo by Miccaela, Wikimedia Commons. CC-BY 3.0
A special project carried out by Global Voices on the impact of COVID-19 pandemic in the world
As traffic rules continue to rise in Africa as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, state telecommunications facilities in Mozambique and Cape Verde are providing much-needed internet access to citizens.
To date, in Mozambique, there have been 10 cases of COVID-19 that have been among those affected, but 6 have been among those affected by Cape Verde that have been among those affected.
The previous week, both countries had issued a month-long state emergency law due to a global outbreak of disease, which eventually could be extended.
According to a Portugal-based newspaper Lusa:
Translation Original Quote
Today, the Cape Verde Telecommunications Office, CV Móvel and Unitel T+, launched a digital campaign aimed at motivating the citizens to be proud of being able to stay in custody on the COVID-19 pandemic.
The campaign, entitled “Fica em Casa” (“surveillance in the house” in Yoruba), was broadcast by both enterprises through their mobile phones that they have denied the commitment to “organizing activities” that would cause the brothers in Cape Verde to “repose in house”.
This is a valuable gift for the brothers and sisters, and that in addition to the $2 million they will be given, the fee for calls for 15 minutes will be used to cover the entire country's mobile phones and must be used until April 30.
COVID-19: A 2-million-determination campaign to boost Cape Verde community welfare before the violation of colonial law.
Many brothers and sisters in Cape Verde have expressed their appreciation for the campaign, as the internet is actively used:
Great picture!!!
Who is most of the brothers in Cape Verde's population loving an internet shutdown?
In Cape Verde, an island of about 560 people, with 57 online, according to a study conducted by the World Bank in 2017.
This year, there were about 50 percent of the number of online users in the world.
In Mozambique, where people are living on social media – the same World Bank revealed in its study that about 10 percent of the population has online access – the local Telecommunications company, TmCel, which is the only citizen of the country, has launched the same campaign to "consider".
The campaign was extended for free spaces from GB 1 to GB 5, which costed 25 to 100 meticals (0.37 to 1.50 US dollars).
Approaching the #StayAtHome tool to 25 meticals within a month.
Ask *219# to describe the feud you want and stay with TmCel. For further details:
Although genuine opportunities are a major milestone in society, a few Twitter users posted some questions:
That was a good action.
Is that too expensive?
The stay in this facility didn’t override the interest of handwashers and armed robbery in Mozambique and Cape Verde. Human rights activist Tomás Queface tweeted:
This #coronavirus disease has defeated our fellow worshippers.
As a convention calling #StayAtHome is a free goat for some, it is actually holding demands of unshakable society because of the prohibition: stay in house without having food, or work for the peace of one's own body, or the health of other citizens.
COVID-19 releases tragic stories about drug abuse in Africa
Africa's nothing to do'
1st Class Marites Cabreza, 354th Civil Affairs Brigade, Special Functioning Team, Combined Joint Task Force-Iho Africa, treated patients on March 29, 2008, during a special public hospital operation in Goubetto, Djibouti.
Image from the US Air Force Information Desk, Jeremy T. Lock. Public Domain.
The cover story is about the impact of COVID-19 in the world.
The ongoing booth between scientists and investigators did not follow a process to test any medicine they believe could contain COVID-19 pandemic among people who have been transfused in Africa.
On April 1, two French investigators, Dr. Jean-Paul Mira, and Camille Locht, were filmed on a television broadcast show indicating that Africa should have taken to the streets an epitome of dengue fever, according to Al-Jazeera.
Mrs. Mira, Head of Medical Services at Cochin Hospital in Paris, stated this in “the first-ever study of AIDS, which shows that some of our brothers have been initially diagnosed, and we treat these aspects with ensure that they are not safe, and that infections are easy for patients to recover from themselves.”
Both analysts reacted to an interview on the BCG laboratory for clinicians in Europe and Australia to know if it will perform treatment for the primary coronavirus pandemic.
In Australia, the average number of health officials is 4 thousand.
The activity of the panel is a recording history-led with the analystics and influence of African people on the street, which indicates that African leaders have collaborated with senior corporations — including Europe or the United States — to test the intergrity of non-partisan people.
The interviews with the researchers immediately found humiliation and humiliation of the people, bringing a folktale of words, "Afro-Americans are not criminalised." highlighted on the digital platform.
Ivory Coast football team Didier Drogba tweeted:
On April 3, Mrs. Mirah had made an abridged search for her words, but after the SOS racism group wrote back. Mrs. Locht’s staff also criticized Twitter protesters as "fraudulently", since the words had never been perceived as they were speaking.
In the same week, the Democratic Disinfectant Jean-Jacque Muyembe, who advocates the fight against the Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, noted that DR Congo "is ready to participate in a type of immunization that will not occur in the future", according to News 24.
Muyembe, the chairman of the Disaster Relief Committee and the National Ministry of Health, said at a news conference:
They are now designated to carry out these tests...
The drugs have been used in both the United States, Canada, or China.
We are ready for the test here.
Additionally, these comments sparked tensions of Congo people and netizens across the world who were victims of the DR Congo drug surgery and where the number of COVID-19 infections has not increased.
In just a few hours, Dr. Muyembe explained his case in a picture, assuring that DR Congo would be used when they first studied the drugs in the US and China:
Bad history of drug abuse in Africa
Medical tests in Africa — often conducted under the leadership of a "purple love" which is mandatory to eat and be treated for multiple infections, such as HIV/AIDS — have overthrown the age-old profiling of patients — especially when it comes to responding to tests and online health standards.
Under the direction of various international medical institutions, the World Health Service Commission, the United States Medical Council, and the Federal Ministry of Health, the United States are taking funds for this type of work.
In Zimbabwe, in the past year before the end of the year, over 17,000 women with dengue fever have been tested without permission in order to allow them to participate in the research on the dengue fever (AZT) through the CDC, WHO, and NIH.
Additionally, the renowned Pfizer corporation had taken a drug known as Trovan to about 200 people in Kano State, Nigeria, when various pandemic occurred.
Several families appealed to Pfizer in court for insulting their children for trial.
The overarching of drug abuse is not only a history about racism but also a public abuse — it is also a source of tensions between health officials and the community.
Patrick Malloy wrote in a letter to the publication "Fully Investigative and Communication: A revised Economic review of the system for economic growth and economic growth in Tanzania" that "the progress and development of economic growth are a mixture, with the subversion behind the subversion."
From the end of the world to the "purple triangles", sanctions representatives often use African people as tools to test without permission, Malloy writes that "...the blood of African people is the best to engage in the investigation of the universe of minerals".
He continued his case:
In Tanzania and other parts of Africa, this meant that in many parts of the world, clinicians have been able to call on bulldozers to freedom of blood transfusions, assuring them of self-sacrificing status for a health-care agent who will be used for tests.
These developments are not different from this recent speech that people in Eastern Africa are talking about "clubs" that work for Westerners who their job is not except to be afro-American refugees to take blood to make a substantial substance called mumiani.
The Swahili description of the medicine is “double” or “double-double” — now “double-double-double.”
The recent history has led to a decline in Africa’s drug addicts, the tests and drug addicts, as well as in the work of associated health officials and health officials around the world.
Recent medical tests in Kano, Nigeria, have led to numerous neglect of the outbreak in the recent years.
Screenshot of dengue fever has been distributed as a guide to the administration of regional authorities who banned the use of dengue fever in Nigeria in 2003.
Demolition after ‘surveillance’ injury
With what have we said, why all of this will result to a COVID-19 pandemic in Africa?
People on social media and social media have agreed to "the African people are not the culprits of the west".
The Permanent Secretary of the World Health Organisation (WHO) Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus described the treatment of both doctors as "discriminatory grounds" for referring to the "purge of corruption":
It is not an African nation and it is not an African nation that will prove to be a test point for all types of drugs.
However, the fear and uncertainty of drug abuse has caused refugees from dengue outcomes and complicated medical tests for health officials.
In Costa d'Ivoire, on April 6, protesters broke out on a COVID-19 pandemic, indicating that the pandemic was affected by an increased population of people.
The BBC that the attack "is reminded of the action of people during an Ebola outbreak in the Northeast and Central Africa where health officials have been affected, with the emphasis that they are suffering from the disease and are encouraging them to receive appropriate medical care".
More than all, in the 2018 Ebola pandemic in DR Congo, there were screenshot of people affected by the Ebola pandemic "owning a path of morbidity" — under the leadership of President Muhammadu Buhari and the DR Congo government — that took the lives of many in the past.
Since November 2019, for more than 1000 people in the Democratic Republic of the Congo, an anti-graft agent has been attacked.
The World Health Organisation is expected to announce an Ebola outbreak in DR Congo on April 12, but 50 days after no infection, a 26-year-old boy received an Ebola outbreak and began to shoot on April 10.
Now, with the addition of Ebola and prompt human rights advocates, DR Congo has called on its commitment to curb the spread of anti-koronavirus pandemic.
A total of 62 steps are being followed by COVID-19 pandemic. A full-time examination of the pandemic and examination of the pandemic.
Will big renowned companies be linked with agriculture laws in Africa as they have done when they search for the Western continent?
In Burundi, four detained journalists await appeals
The journalists were charged with extending public security
The media outlet in Bujumbura, where the media outlet was evacuated. May 19, 2010.
Four journalists — Agnès Ndirubusa, Christine Kamlaa, Térence Mòzenzi and Egide Harerimana — were charged with attempts to safeguard the country and were sentenced to prison in January 2020.
Four members of the Iwacu newspaper had to deny the fact that they did not violate the law.
Their pretrial detention is now pending after the May 6 trial.
Antoine Kaburahe, the founder of an independent newspaper, wrote:
Demeaning: The end of the hearing in Bubanza. Iwacu blessed.
The criminal charges against the journalists were not their own.
The journalists are doing their own jobs: corruption.
Congratulations!
However, the judge has not received the ruling until the end of a month.
Stop insulting us!
Arrest for harassment
On October 22, Burundi's security forces would be killed by a group of opposition protesters — called in RED-Tabara, who took home the Democratic Republic of Congo — in the Kibira forest area.
The area is now occupied by clergymen.
In the battle of the battle, 14 men were killed and 10 of our security officers were killed.
On that day, police detained four Iwacu journalists and their driver, Adolphe Masabaakiza, while reporting at the Musigati Village, Bubanza, where they searched for evacuees during the fighting.
Initially, they were kept in pretrial detention without charge, and Christine Kamagana was attacked when they were arrested.
The police seized electronic devices as well as electronic equipment that the FSB agents demanded to hand over their devices to check up.
The journalists are the ones who are leaving on the street to find others who are not imprisoned.
On October 26, in Bubanza, they were charged with "Suggestions on state security".
On October 31, the analyst dismissed the testimony and charged them with acknowledgment of the violent attacks.
Authorities have called for their release including Human Rights Watch, the International Federation of Journalists, Olucome, African Journalists’ Federation and the Burundaise des Radiodiffuseurs.
However, the Federal Radio Corporation says it is currently unable to complain about the matter.
Iwacu disregarded what the federation said, that no charges were made against them when they were arrested and that the federation’s task was to defend the journalists.
Many regarded the journalist’s support and signing of complaints online. The media viewed it as a violation of the rights to freedom of the press, and Iwacu followed the claim.
Esdras Ndikumana tweeted:
Burundi: Four Iwacu journalists (and their drivers) are accused of "insulting state security" for taking a history report and being transformed into a Bubanza prison machine (Image by Yaga)
After the unjust verdict was announced, their hearing was scheduled to be held in pretrial detention — and their hearing was scheduled to be held in pretrial detention on November 11, before trial — without trial.
In obedience to their attorneys, they were dismissed and sentenced to pretrial detention until the 18th day of the hearing.
On November 20, a total of four reporters were transferred to pretrial detention but were released.
The sentence Issued to them at the age of 15.
President Pierre Nkurunziza disclosed at a news conference held on December 26 that conscientious objection is not meant to be overcome, but only to be suspended if conscientious objection is terminated.
On January 30, in Bubanza, the four reporters were sentenced to two years and a half in prison with a fine of $521 U.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.A.S.S.A.S.S.A.S.S.A.S.A
The ruling does not specify that the reporters were well-informed about the incident, resulting in which the accusation was transformed into a "unprecedented insult on national security", that — they were choosing to worry about national security but was difficult to carry out.
Iwacu explained that the reporters were tied in at the event after the authorities released their documents and received permission from a legal entity to visit the area.
The only evidence to be surprised was a WhatsApp message one of the reporters applied to a friend, who claimed to want to go " to the political parties of the state".
But this is kind of love — the government is often inviting opposition parties, political parties, and masqueraders to take similar measures now. the message is being addressed to them.
Reporters Without Borders (RSF) says the journalists have the right to report statelessly, publicly and publicly, especially during the upcoming Burundian election on May 20.
A complaint for their release was written, with a total attendance of 7,000 at the beginning of May.
The deputy members of the European Union, the Council of Europe, and human rights experts were among those who have been called for their release.
On February 20, the journalists disclosed the verdict was unjustified, guilty of torture, and a permanent change in emergency in their initial charges.
On May 6, the journalists were appealed to a appeals court, after being sentenced to a six-month prison term.
In response to the accusation was due to the WhatsApp message, a journalist said the terrorists were coming in "for peace".
RFI also explained to their lawyer, Clément Retirakiza, that there were no testimony on the charges brought against the reporters.
It has been a long time since Iwacu has been described as an outstanding voice for political activism — he is the last newspaper to be published after the massacre in 2015.
Historic Hits on Journalist Suffering
After a controversial election in After 2015 — which put Nkurunziza back in place for the third time people say it is a law-abiding politician — a thigh strain of the government. Journalist work is controversial.
Many radio stations were murdered — citizens calling for unidentified news outlets in Burundi — hundreds of newspapers were tortured or tortured by others like Esdras Ndikumana
Several journalists have experienced torture from the city’s security agencies, especially when they collect “double obligations” of information.
In late 2015, police killed photographer Christophe Nkezabahizi and three of his parents, during a protesting campaign.
In July 2016, Jean Bigirimana was murdered so that he was arrested by the National Security Council (SNR) without the police investigation.
This year, on January 16, journalist Blaise-Pascal Kararumiye with Radio Isanganiro (Meeting Point Radio) became police chancellor after a local tax report. On April 28, a police officer named on journalist Jackson Bahati at the media.
The international press office did not support, we confiscated the BBC and VOA work in 2019. RSF to Burundi ranked 160 in 180 countries for press freedom — up to 15 since 2015.
Nigerian women face an abnormality of political speech online
#BringBackOurGirls and #ArewaMeToo restore Nigerian political space
Members of the Mother's Savings Club, Nigeria. I'm Photo by Karen Kasmauski / USAID in Africa in the United States government work, public domain.
In Nigeria, the sex center is the center of political space.
Crackdown and political speeches often refer to religious speeches and racism.
Social media promoters — especially on Twitter — have to be able to collect a lot of gbos (Nigerian English for "profession") on the digital platform.
Woman-based elders — in addition to violent identities — also face attack on racial hatred.
How can women’s governors in Nigeria overcome an internet shutdown like an abuse of phone calls, an abuse of message and an abuse of message?
How are they progressing in their work or prosperity?
Two Nigerian social media activists have expressed their experience of madness and hate speech: #BringBackOurGirls, under the leadership of Dr Oby Ezekwesili; and #ArewaMeToo, under the leadership of Fakhriyyah Hashim, all of them experience their immense hate speech in the political arena.
Activity #BringBackOurGirls (#BBOG)
Six years ago, on April 15, 2014, about 200 girls under the age of 15 and 18, from the High School of Women in Chibok, Maidiguri, in northeast Nigeria, were arrested by Boko Haram Islamic group.
The persecution of Chibok girls is a source of significant assistance from various countries across the globe.
The BBC newspaper that in April 2014, #BringBackOurGirls made a record tweeting 3.3 million tweets, including 27 tweeting stations from Nigeria, 26 from the United States, and 11 from the United Kingdom.
Dr. Oby Ezekwesili is responding to questions in the UN Women’s Forum with #BringBackOurGirls campaign leaders.
Photo by UN Women/Ryan Brown, October 14, 2014. (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Dr Obiageli (Oby) Ezekwesili, former vice president of the World Bank, and former Minister of Education, began tweeting about Chibok girls on the day when they were brutally kidnapped.
A incident of kidnapping men at the Buni Yadi Federal Government School in Yobe, northeast Nigeria, began on February 25, 2014.
A total of 69 men were killed in fires and bushes, and others were killed by fires.
However, until April 23, when UNESCO hosted it in Port Harcourt, an oasis of petroleum production in Niger Delta region, it has called for the release of girls to make up what the entire world believes:
On May 7, 2014, the wife of President of the United States Michelle Obama published a photo entitled “Return our girls” #BringBackOurGirls.
He also posed a photo of the funeral house — and this act described the incident as an oblivion of global desire.
It took two years for the Nigerian army to release a girl, in June 2016.
As of October 2016, 21 girls joined their family members. In May 2017, 82 girls were displaced by Boko Hatam.
However, there were 112 girls who were abducted and 13 were identified as abducted, according to a 2018 survey.
Ezekwesili and a group of people launched a #BBOG campaign to advocate on the liberation of Chibok girls.
Eventually, the move turned into a hard-of-hearing tree that is still unable to get rid of the Nigerian government.
However, the success of this effort did not support Ezekwesili's reaction.
The 2015 presidential elections were due to the persecution of Chibok girls and, as a result, even to the support of a group of politicians who watched Ezekwesili's persecution online.
After placing her right head, all her clothes were closed.
Others say that all of his #BBOG actions only motivated him to go out in politics.
Reno Omokri, a former vice president, accuses Ezekwesili of the APC’s overt maltreatment and Jonathan’s "insult", urging APC to "raise control".
In 2014, Jonathan’s supporters of the former president and the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) published "the various lies" on the internet to fight Ezekwesili. The doctor said in a Twitter photo post on April 14, at the six-year observance of the girls: “Never forget me, never forget me.
The outpouring said Ezekwesili was trapped by Jonathan’s irregularities in the country as a result of the kidnapping of children.
According to him, those responsible for scribbling on the internet thought "why to be demolished from the minister's office would be ignored by the Chibok girls".
What will happen after I took the ministry three years before the Chibok girls were baptized?
Ezekwesili said in a tweeter photo.
He was one of the presidential candidates of 2018, but survived.
On Twitter, Ezekwesili brought his delight to the memory: "I am so saddened that children who are recorded in the house are hurting as the presence of their parents to their children ".
But the criticism of the #BBOG campaign has sparked its displeasure.
#ArewaMeToo and NorthNormal
On February 3, 2019, a young girl named Khadijah Adamua made a tweet about her former friend’s abuse of slavery.
Adamua, a resident in the northeastern state of Kano, has previously written a blogging story about her horrific experience.
Nigerian friend Fakhriyyah Hashim tweeted his support for Adamua using the hashtag #ArewaMeToo:
#ArewaMeToo is a reference to the world headquarters of #MeToo in northern Nigeria. (Several for “Eastern” in Hausa) — a reference to the brutality and violence of women by videoconferencing.
However, the Relief Web that between November 2014 and January 2015, northeast Nigeria, in particular in the state of Borno, had multiple raids against women.
In the northernmost Muslim community, the media outlets are difficult and especially dangerous for those who suffered injustice.
The #ArewaMeToo hashtag on the internet motivated NorthNormal public demonstrations in Bauchi, Kano, and Niger.
The 17-day NorthNormal march held in November last year in eight states alongside the Oya River states and Abuja.
They take a positive impact on the rallies in which lawmakers "consider the need to listen to indigenous people" because they are "prominent in the fight for VAPP", Hashim explained.
Hashim continued, ‘ yet, in Sokoto State, the government arrests people from NorthNormal’.
The police officers dismissed one of the leaders who organized the demonstration.
Then, Mr. Sokoto, who is the leader of the Muslim community in Nigeria, cancelled the demonstration.
According to Hashim, NorthNormal hails the hashtag #ArewaMeToo, which has two hashtags: a devotion to the "usual use of Violence Against People (VAPP)" and a devotion in the "multiple violations against women and the violent culture of northern Nigeria".
The Bill on Violence of Persons (Iphosence) 2015 was introduced on May 23, 2015.
Under the VAPP Policy — the continuation of the Nigeria's violence law — the violation of women is a crime under the law.
These aspects include rape, in the face of the face of the face, rape out of the house, rape making women subversion or domestic violence, harassment of the faces of violence, corruption for women or greedy, and/or child registration.
In Nigeria, prison is only violent crime. A child can spend 14 years in prison.
If it is a case of multiple rape cases, criminals will face 20 years in prison without paying fines.
However, Section 47 of the VAPP Constitution states that this law is the only capital of Nigeria. NorthNormal and other corporations are appealing to all 36 state legislature to approve this law.
The pressure of civilians
One year after #ArewaMeToo was promoted, Hashim told Global Voices that the demands of the #ArewaMeToo were “discriminate and dangerous.”
Hashim experienced some of the overwhelms on the internet when his party faced "the only thing to do with children in the streets" who worked in a finance company as their own internet shutdowns.
He told Global Voices:
A campaign against her [proverbs] was launched so that she could receive an insult from the minister; some didn't want it, so they launched an online insult campaign to say #ArewaMeToo is illegal.
According to Hashim, the protesters aimed to declare Jehovah’s MeToo as a violation of the law regarding the pose of Jehovah’s MeToo together with the LGBTQ [female-loving, male-loving, gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs and gangs.
In Nigeria, marriages between men and men are the same law as the Sirian law and the sexual abuse law, the abuse of holes and the violence of women and women in some states.
By signing the hashim campaign into the LGBTQ’s rights, netizens in their campaigns called #ArewaToo and NorthNormal differently.
However, Global Voices has denied any access to tweeted hashim’s campaign against the LGBTQ rights.
Yet, Hashim posted his hope words to Twitter:
Fakhriyyah Hashim, one of the founders of #ArewaToo and NorthNormal (which was used with permission to use his photo.
He said that all these experiences helped her to “go on a very serious endurance”:
My experience of tweeting on politically-motivated platforms for a good government has led me to endurance, but this has not led me to over-exploitation of Jehovah’s MeToo and NorthNormal campaigns.
But if I don’t put it all down, I don’t put it down, I started thinking about the Northern government and about the arrest of rape...
After each attacks, we have strength and strength to progress because of our resistance, we have seen how a culture of deforestation has strengthened society and that when we give the power to rescue, we are making the source of deforestation.
Sadly, Hashim and Ezekwesili are still mourning the suffering of “second injustice” when it comes to violating women’s violence online and online.
According to Hashim, "the rule of law that is intended to give voice to those who suffered injuries" is difficult to avoid.
The title is one of the projects, "Revelation of identity: the internet shut down as an activist in Africa".
The post questioned the impact of identity or propagation of hate speech in either language or region of the world, corruption and corruption (particularly against human rights activists and women’s journalists) on social media such as the majority of seven African countries: Algeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Sudan, and Uganda.
The collaboration was made by the Africa Digital Rights Fund, Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
In some of the cities behind Assad’s control in Syria, the authorities say that there is now no ‘infection’
After nine years of severe surgeries, the Syrian healthcare system continues.
In cities under the leadership of President Bashar al-Assad, their authorities have criticized the COVID-19 pandemic.
According to the John Hopkins Facility, the country has witnessed the ongoing crisis with a total of 21 people through July 17.
But current reports have shown how the land was destroyed and are assuring that the COVID-19 outbreak is real.
42-year-old Walid Abdullah, according to a statement issued in a statement, was convinced that the COVID-19 pandemic would not allow the COVID-19 pandemic to endure.
Global Voices is using nicknames to protect us.
In an interview with Global Voices, Abdullah explained that on September 13, he said that the General Hospital of Daraa had defied Southern Syria from taking a coronavirus in the state.
According to Abdullah, when he demanded appropriate measures, the government official he issued the call said that "We will not have any treatment"
The call was quickly terminated.
Yesterday, there were no reports from the COVID-19 pandemic.
Abdullah told Global Voices "COVID-19 killing us is more difficult than repatriation of state hospitals"
His personal disappointment followed him from other sources.
The September edition of The Voice of the Capital, a Free Press Office in Syria, stated that health officials from the Syrian Ministry of Health said that "the massacre of suicide is taking place at the Al-Mujtahid Hospital in the capital city, Damascus, for those who believe the disease is real, giving them the abundance of needed medicine."
This even shows himself on social media:
Another scholar from the Mouwasat hospital in Damascus offered his support in the same statement:
"The labor of bioethics takes place in many parts of the world, and it is being conducted by doctors who have been involved in the treatment of the disease."
Assad’s era of restrictions against the COVID-19 pandemic was widespread, combining structures put in place during the Assad Veteran War that claimed the lives of over half a million people, the tens of thousands of who were in pretrial detention and the five million who were displaced across the globe.
Reception of Pandemic and Administrative Progressions
This Assad’s era has deployed tens of thousands of other countries that have affected Iran, despite the tens of thousands of other countries that have affected me in the country.
During the February, Iran became one of the most affected countries in the Covid-19 area, where the territories originated from Lebanon, Iraq and Syria, where the military's relief efforts caused destructive devastation.
In addition, March Study members of the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE) Zaki Mechi said the tourists and tourists from Iran continued to inspire and tourism in Damascus as well as the March Study members of the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE).
However, Assad’s regime continues to spread newspapers and fake news outlets as well as COVID-19 attacks.
In an interview with the Syrian state media on March 13, the Minister of Industry, Nizar Al-Yaziji reiterated that there would be no COVID-19 incident in Syria, adding:
"We are grateful to Jehovah that the Armed Forces have lifted the country from the dark days":
The Minister of Health of the Federal Republic of Nigeria has noted that the COVID-19 pandemic will be released until March 22 is a trend of deepening peace and stability among the Syrians who are asserting that Assad’s regime is in the process and that the pandemic is in the process.
In a letter to a social media on the land, one of the citizens responded to Yaziri’s case, stating that “there will be no mentioning in her words that all pathologies have been eliminated”
However, the government has reduced the number of cases affected by the disease in its publications.
In a statement signed by the Central Bank of Nigeria, the Federal Executive Council of Nigeria, the Federal Executive Council of Nigeria, the Federal Executive Council of Nigeria, the Federal Executive Council of Nigeria, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, the Commission, and the Commission.
He issued his opinion on the basis of his opinion, and the statement said:
Recent medical events
Assad’s administration, though, was opposed by the military assault on the streets, was determined to ensure that the government failed to implement this policy.
According to the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), the total number of COVID-19 students observed at the land was less than 6500 per cent of the 17 million people living on the land.
He said that with the increased number of presidents, the country has seen to hit the highest number of coupists in the country and the highest number of victims in the country.
During the war, the military carried out severe attacks on their medical institutions.
According to the report from the World Health Organisation (WHO) and the Syrian Health Service (SIA), the only 58-year-old has been operated in the country’s 85-year-old hospital.
The records also indicate that at least 70 percent of the country’s health officials have been evacuated to hospitals and hospitals in other areas.
COVID-19 is one of the fast-moving disasters
The major concern for the Syrians is the effects of these disasters which impacted one another: the war, the armed clashes and the spirit.
The United Nations (UN) announced on October 26 that Syria is seeking to reach the world headquarters, insisting that it is necessary to prevent COVID-19 outbreak.
According to the World Food Service (WG), the average number of abridged meals in May is elevenly higher than in April, and the average number of abridged meals in 2019.
According to Global Voices, Ali al-Ahmed (a name that was called for the defence of his name) from Dara said that "there is nothing worse, there is nothing to do, even paying 10,000 euros (for one to five dollars) of the country to a person, can not be done".
Mr. Ahmed said there were many disappointments in the situation as a result of the monetary crisis in Nigeria.
Thro the time when their health services were compromised because of the strong threat of war, the current economic situation has sparked many Syrians as secrets, this unusual medical crisis has threatened the country with impunity and corruption.
YKS’ approval goes along with two million pupils across all levels of problem: Extreme self-sacrificing.
New YKS Test: A good behavior
It was not only COVID-19 but the dilapidated dilapidation of YKS In 2020.
Many of the words have been circulating since the beginning of July with a Turkish-language edition.
One of her subjects commented on “Friday, (I am in the storm), one of the sophisticated musicians Mabel Matiz of the LGBTQ.
The question about the translation of “Globally remarkable, grassroots” (which can be translated into my feelings is what I can see) has sparked social stereotypes because Mabel is one that young people know about money (the majority of his fans have over half a million investors) and his reaction to social values.
Similarly, on Twitter, Halis Aygun, the president of the Center for Measurement, Selection and Placement (ÖSYM), the State Department of the Investigation stated in an interview with newsmen, New Akit. There he said that the investigation would be conducted and all those involved in the investigation would be dismissed.
The 2020 YKS test resulted from a total of 184 three-sided test points, with a total attendance of approximately 2.5 million rubles.
These tests are what the academics organized across the national facilities.
The attention to school infrastructure and infrastructure in higher education sector has become increasingly concerned.
An investigation into the issues related to the 2020 YKS test in Turkish has been conducted [see one section of the YKS test].
Workers affected by the cyclone will be temporarily eliminated from the test system.
For some Twitter users, this ruling is not enough:
[Upper] President ÖSYM spoke for the first time after a test! “
They've already put in place an investigation to assess the situation.
Those involved will be taken out of the test system.”
[Response] He is not alone, the president who has not read the text must go out of all stations in order to revoke its position.
A group of stakeholders also observed this type of questioning:
During today’s YKS2020 test, you found nothing more to give these children than the manager Mabel Matiz.
(It was someone who carried out a bulldozer who claimed “we are violent” What did you try to do?
Mabel Matiz's successes and how he emphasized:
I want you to watch Mabel Matiz. Because we have never had anyone else who has used our culture for centuries. That’s why mabelmatiz is our religion.
Netizens say even if it's abstaining from a cyber-stalking group, politicians will get rid of the following key words:
No figure is on the list, but Mabel Matiz’s investigation of the figure is a figure on the list.
You say that it is “not to protect us” but Mabel Matiz is the one who made the most of our cultures.
We should have an investigation into the victims of Mabel Matiz who was preached to him.
The answer was Mabel Matiz.
On the third day of July, while the fever continues, Matiz returns his voice:
U.S.: I’m very glad that my song was used for a special test like this.
And it’s now quite surprising for me how my life has become a test that we are talking about.
Look at what we have done to me..how I lived in solidarity with my name.
No pain, the test is not overwhelmed): Iyán is cleaned again.
I read a lot of publications around me.
What I’d like to say in that song, I feel you, and I feel you again.
I continued playing, telling stories and being a nation.
Let us meet again in a different test...
Matiz continued: one day after Aygun released his message.
He won two medals in a major championship through multiple elections.
He took two titles.
“The song that makes him Muslim” and “The song that makes him Muslim” at the 36-year-old Pantene Golden Butterfly award.
This demonstrates that there are many behind it to criticize the corruption discussions of the government and the spokesman for government.
On July 5, Mabel Matix tweeted:
I received the “Funest Rocked Rock” and “Funest Rocked Rocked Rock” award from the 36-year-old Pantene Golden Butterfly.
I would like to express my gratitude to Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz.
In Turkey, over two thousand students are subjected to university tests
This year’s test took place in a difficult situation—and not due to complications
Posted 15 August 2020 8:07 GMT
Screenshot from a YouTube video of a song by Mabel Matiz with the words of the song within the inconsistence he suffered from the Higher Education Exhibition (YKS):
"You can't cry, you can't cry" (My view is from what I see ")
In Turkey, a country with over 83 million people, people have to qualify for the Turkish-language instigation tests of excellence in Fáfiti.
With the progress of the COVID-19 pandemic, the test was a global impact of 2.5 million people.
On March 26, the country's high school council announced the YKS test date from July 25 to 26.
But on May 4, Turkish President Recep Erdogan celebrated that day from 27 to 28 July.
These developments and the outcome of tests are inspiring the Turkish people, both in public minds and through social media:
How did that day affect the mentality of learners who are willing to leave the test for just a few months?
How the COVID-19 circuit overseers and circuit overseers will be used (Coveted roads, roads/roads, gardens) when it comes to collaborating some two million people.
In 2019, the number of analysts qualified for the test was only 44 percent, while the number of analysts qualified for the second round of the test was only 60 percent.
Turkey recorded their first COVID-19 event on March 11, when on July 15, more than 5,000 people were killed and the number of victims of the disease increased.
On July 1, the Government approved a series of restrictions:
To date, food stations, electronic devices, entertainment stations, and a wedding ceremony that they had abducted for almost three months have been rebuilt, but only with the inherited persecution.
The visitors will now need to be warm and/or clean.
If there are still students who call out to extend YKS’s test, the government will not sit behind it:
The total cost was estimated to be over two million at the end of July.
As can be seen in this tweet, it comes with discourse on social distancing:
YKS’ approval goes along with two million pupils across all levels of problem: Extreme self-sacrificing.
New YKS Test: A good behavior
It was not only COVID-19 but the dilapidated dilapidation of YKS In 2020.
Many of the words have been circulating since the beginning of July with a Turkish-language edition.
One of her subsequent questions referred to “Fortunation, (I am in the storm),” was a soundtrack by Mabel Matiz of the LGBTQ “I am in the storm”):
The question about the translation of “Grandma, glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious glorious
Similarly, on Twitter, Halis Aygun President’s Center for Measurement, Selection and Placement (ÖSYM), the State Department of the Investigation stated in an interview with newsmen, Yeni Akit.
There he said that they would conduct an investigation into the case and that all those involved in the filing of the book under the test would be dismissed:
The 2020 YKS test resulted from a total of 184 three-sided test points, with a total attendance of approximately 2.5 million rubles.
These tests are what the academics organized across the national facilities.
The attention to school infrastructure and infrastructure in higher education sector has become increasingly concerned.
Workers affected by the cyclone will be temporarily eliminated from the test system.
For some Twitter users, this ruling is not enough:
[Upper] President ÖSYM addressed for the first time after a test!
"They have put in place an investigation to determine where the challenge is, and those involved in it will be eliminated from the test system."
[Response] He is not alone, the president who has not read the text must go out of all stations in order to revoke its position.
A group of stakeholders also observed this type of questioning:
In your #YKS2020 test today, do you have no other idea to give these children except the brother-in-chieftain Mabel Matiz?
(People who wrote a folktale saying "We are violent"
Where are you trying to do?
Mabel Matiz's successes and how he emphasized:
I'd like to watch Mabel Matiz's pictures.
Because we have never had anything else that had changed our culture many years ago.
That’s why mabelmatiz is our question.
People on the internet say even if you are dealing with a blogger, politicians will get rid of the following key words:
No figure is on the list, but Mabel Matiz’s investigation of the figure is a figure on the list.
Here is her all down:
You say "not protect our actions" but Mabel Matiz is the one who made the most of our cultures.
It is necessary that the investigation solve the effects of Mabel Matiz. #MabelMatiznotalone [Update]
Mabel Matiz's response to the inconsistence
On July 3, while the fever continued, Matiz returned his voice:
U.S.: I’m very glad that my song was used for a special test like this.
And it’s now quite surprising for me how my life has become a test that we are talking about.
Look at what we have done to me..how I lived in solidarity with my name.
Sorry, the test has not ended :)
Iyán has been reinforced.
I read a lot of publications around me.
What I’d like to say in that song, I feel you, and I feel you again.
I continued playing, telling stories and being a nation.
Let us meet again in a different test...
Matiz went up: one day after Aygun made his free speech, he won two medals in a major match through multiple elections.
He won two titles, “The Man Who Ever Failed” and “The Man Who Ever Failed” at the 36th Pantene Golden Butterfly.
This demonstrates that there are many behind it to criticize the corruption discussions of the government and the spokesman for government.
On July 5, Mabel Matix tweeted:
I took the carts "eternal rendering of the most emblematic" and "Lord of the most emblematic man" in the 69th Pantene Golden Butterfly title, I am happy!
Thank you to my fellow believers.
I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz, those who directed the photo [my song]
"I Have a Red in My Wipe" previous clip.
--- Labour Day: Speaker appealed to Nigerians for unifying jobs
The Speaker of the Nigerian House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has congratulated Nigerians on celebration of the Workers Day in the globe.
Mr. Gbajabiamila noted that although the celebration took place worldwide because of the unrest due to the COVID-19 outbreak, what can be remembered more about the needs of Nigerian officials.
In a statement signing the Workers Day of the National Assembly, the Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Láńre Lassisi, Mr. Abunugan commended Nigerian workers for their sacrifices and tremendous impact on centuries, which have positively contributed to the development of Nigeria.
However, he appealed to Nigerian officials to continue to produce good results both at this and at the same time, because we need progress so that the country can success.
‘I wish the Nigerian officials were warm and welcomed by those who had done everything they could.
Right now, you and the Nigerian people are very proud of you.
“I urge Nigerian workers to look forward to such a period of national development.
They must continue to use all their power to serve the nation’s interest.
--- Labour Day: Senate President congratulates Nigerians
President of the Senate, Senator Ahmad Lawan, congratulated Nigerians on their commitment to co-exploitation and co-exploitation in the world to celebrate the Workers Day.
Senator Lawan commended the workers for their seven-story work, the six-story work they are doing to remove the country from poverty and economic disruptions and cope with the challenges of agriculture in various sectors.
She saw the role of workers as an alternative person, asserting that this is what I must do for them at all times.
He continued that "the best way to recognize the substantial impact of workers have been given to their welfare".
Lawan said, "As a National Assembly, we are ready to cooperate with the parliament and the parliament to adopt legislation that prohibits occupational abuse".
The president of the senate stated that, in spite of efforts by the 9th Senate to strengthen the economy and improve the people’s life, it was pledged to make this budget adequate for the 2020 budget.
In a statement by Senator Lawan, the Senate also proposed amendments to the legislation to ensure the adequate implementation of the budget.
He said parliament would continue to implement this policy without the COVID-19 pandemic.
The president of the senate observed that this year's Workers Day was celebrated during a worldwide campaign against the COVID-19 pandemic.
He said that "the conscience and spirit of the dead and killings of the Nigerian people will help the government to cope with the pandemic"
”The president of the senate appealed to Nigerian workers as they celebrate their day, to follow social standards, to uphold our self-sacrificing rules, to take care of our brothers, to use our brothers and sisters as well as to keep our self-sacrificing rules and to keep our brothers safe.
--- COVID-19: 24 more people rescued in Nigeria
Another 24 people have been affected by the Corona-virus (COVID 19) in Nigeria, making the number of Corona-virus infections more than 1922, when some 319 have been hospitalized and 58 have died. The Anti-Robbery Network of Nigeria (NCD) announced this during its release.
--- COVID-19: We have received a brief report on the event in Kano – Dr. Osagie
The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire has reiterated the situation in Kano.
The Minister stated this during the COVID-19 interview with newsmen in Abuja.
He further explained that we are awaiting all the reports as a typhoon to hit the Kano State through the COVID-19 pandemic.
Dr. Ehanire, who appealed to health officials for continuing to protect themselves from COVID-19 pandemic, urged them to follow and maintain their stand of conscience, urged them to protect themselves from COVID-19 pandemic, urged them to avoid unnecessary loss of lives.
--- Nigeria inaugurates COVID-19 programmes
Nigeria has had a record of 44 people with a chronic duodenal ulcer known as COVID – 19, making the total number one in two (1932).
A total of 319 people were hospitalized and 38 died.
The Nigerian Armed Forces (NCDC) made this known via @NCCDCgov;
COVID-19 spread rapidly;
Kano, 52 Lagos, 12 Gombe, 9 Bauchi, 9 Sokoto, 7 Borno, 7 Edo, six River, 6 Ogun, 4 Abuja, 4 Akwa Ibom, 4 Bayelsa, 3 Kaduna, 2 Oyo, 2 Delta, 2 Nasarawa, Ogun-Odo, Ogun-Kebbi. In the 12 aggregate, 10 brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, the brothers, and
--- COVID-19: Kano’s Ministerial Taskforce stages global media
The Minister's Working Group on Investigation in Kano, has posted a full-time report to the federal government on poverty, electricity and road safety in the state of Kano.
The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire made this known in a press conference held by the Federal Executive Council COVID-19 Commission in Abuja.
According to the federal government as it awaits additional reports, this top-ranked report will now be a source of assistance for Kano’s Covid-19 insurgency and armed clashes.
“Most of the relief supplies were the clinicians from FMOH and anesthesiologists from the Irrua Specialist Hospital to join the Lagos State Ministry of Health who is working in Kano State Governor”
Speaking after the remark, he said that Nigeria’s experts would be more active in producing power in Kano, adding that it would be more active in producing power.
“The emergency call team from FMOH has fled from Abuja, including five in the National Security Council (FRSC), to travel to Kano State for emergency response by the federal government.
Dr. Ehanire also reiterated that health officials should always follow the principles of self-sacrificing and self-quarantine for blood transfusions.
“We cannot relent in losing critical workers at this time; everyone has to do with the COVID-19 excellence but to do with the immediate and immediate needs of those who are suffering from impunity and suffers from impunity.”
He said, “It is impossible to get people away without any medical advice or treatment of someone in need.”
--- New World Cup plans are unprecedented – Minister
The State Minister of Education, Emeka Nwajiuba said she could not speak or come back to school.
The Minister disclosed that the construction of high-profile designs would be stabilized as President Muhammadu Buhari continues to rule in accordance with the Code Recognition Act.
Nwajiuba, in her submission of the statement, said that parliament would not stop imprisonment, asserting that no university would be able to commence their education programmes until the day when parliament announced it would be released.
“H, no one of our brothers could survive after the start of the season.
The Minister disclosed that all of the projects that have been extended would be conducted if the government ensure that all of the projects that have been implemented provide educational support to learners.
The Minister explained that the study of Western students (WAEC) and group tests (NECO) with NABTEB would not be closed.
He spoke about the recent challenges of online education and how we used to bring about public education through the state.
According to him, “We know that some people don’t have such opportunities because of the unnecessary number of people in the country, some people can progress on radio, some on telegram, and some using videoconferencing devices, so we do so with multi-state collaborations, which meant that all the strategies that we have worked hard to get along with the educational outcomes of young people in this country will not be used, so we can get along with the videoconference and videoconference,” he said.
"So far, we have a curriculum for the nine state in sixteen states, meaning that either by radio or TV, training or study is needed, which is better for each state and the federal government has made it possible via videoconference."
Nwajiuba said that “with the help of SUBEB, this book was distributed on the internet by the best of our brothers and sisters. The federal government said it could use the best of our state radio station.”
The Minister disclosed that the COVID-19 pandemic has urged businessmen to be more emotional and energetic.
Speaking on videoconferencing issues, the Minister said the government would continue to employ educators to develop a system that could be used in the wake of global chronic problems.
Meanwhile, the FCTA education company in the capital city lauded independent schools for a 2019/2020 third term in connection with internet access for parents and students.
The Permanent Secretary of the Ministry of Education, Mr. Umaru Marafa said in a statement on Tuesday that no study was conducted at any of the universities at the same time as the first time the document was released.
“This translation is that when universities are rediscovered, there is a long time to get rid of the university’s education system and the second time to get rid of the university’s education system,” said Marafa.
They appealed to private corporation executives to be check-in and check-in of the corporation so as to stay stressful until the risk of impunity comes to a future.
Those responsible for the violation of this law will be subject to constitutional violations;
Marafa also said that the Federal Ministry of Education had completed all efforts to promote online education through radio or TV so that learners could work at anytime as possible.
--- Don’t open any independent school – Minister of FCT
The Minister of the Federal Capital Territory, Alhaji Muhammad Musa Bello has felicitated with all chiefs and administrators of the Abuja Independent Primary School for all mothers and students for the 2019/2020 quarter-final term, with the objective to obey the Constitution of the Federal Executive Council.
The Permanent Secretary to the Ministry of Education, Mr. Umaru Marafá stated this in a statement issued on Tuesday that the Ministry of Education had yet to be published in a statement issued on Tuesday after the inauguration of the Ministry of Education.
"We urge all independent club leaders to keep the club closed and they should not even strive to open the club despite the rules or standards of the FCTA."
Those who violate this law will be subject to constitutional obligations.
Marfa explained that the FCTA which coordinates education had disinvited from training programmes on the internet, as well as the use of mobile phones to educate students in recent years.
--- NAJARIA HAZARDS MUHAMMADU Buhari on TV
INITIAL REPORT, MUHAMMADU Buhari, INITIAL REPORT, AGAIN AND AGAIN, FCT, INITIAL REPORT COVID-19; INITIAL REPORT, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN, AGAIN
1.From Nigeria
2.Do not begin to bless you on the reason for your impunity and integrity that you show in your struggle against the ultimate health issue that you are facing in our conscience.
3.Nigeria, April 26, 2020, the Covid-19 pandemic worldwide has a total of three million people, more than 70 percent of whom have been infected, but unfortunately, more than 1,000 have died from the pandemic.
4.The medical and economic crisis in many countries is devastating due to chronic duodenal ulcer.
5. Nigeria continues to draw attention to the recent rise in the world. Today, I’m talking about the realities and explaining our systems for the rise in climate where things can change in the coming days.
6.During the past two weeks, there have been about three hundred and fifty-two survivors in the province and the capital.
7.`This morning, Nigeria has deployed its 47th position in 32 continents and the capital parts of the country. Unfortunately, it has been confirmed that more than 40 have been completed.
8.I am using this opportunity to show our delight and sadness to Nigerian families who lost their lovers after the COVID-19 pandemic. This is our solidarity and we share your delight.
9.A highlight is that Nigeria will have an alarming stadium the first month after they were found an alarming stadium.
10. That means that as the number of respondents to chronic duodenal ulcer over the past two weeks has increased, the number of events that were organized brought good results to the previous period.
11.The tune level has risen up to 19 in the 21st minute, indicating that the tune level has risen up. The tune level has risen up to 11 in the 21st minute, indicating that the tune level has risen up to 11 in the 21st minute. We continue with the tune level in the 21st minute, setting up the tune level for the 21st minute, setting up the tune level for the 21st minute.
12. Today, the Nigerian Medical Council has approved seventeen anesthesiologists throughout the country for an international examination.
13.But your opinion, the government of Lagos State and Abuja, along with the support of the Armed Forces and Removals Commission, has established a variety of hosting stations. They also checked out the outcomes of the exhibits in order to accommodate the exhibits with an independent exhibits confronting the exhibits.
14.Some large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale large-scale high.
15.I declare that the State Governor must immediately set up residential accommodations, building new residential accommodations and residential accommodations as the most vulnerable to the risk of emergency.
16.Tens of thousands of health workers have been displaced.
17.When we already experience some of our challenges, we stand forward to planning a thorough effort to ensure that these players work properly without any danger or precautions.
18.In spite of our government’s efforts to improve the lives of our health workers, we have signed a large-scale agreement to ensure the provision of pensions and other taxes with relevant medical professionals.
19.We have arranged for care for the more than 5,000 health officials. I call this time for care for the support of the service officials to do this in a temporary time.
20. Nigeria is providing assistance from the world through companies, independent groups, and individually. The support has contributed to the availability of electronic equipment, as the worldwide support for Nigeria in contributing to the development of democratic organizations.
21.Power and restoration of foodstuff while I spoke with public awareness continues and I know the benefits of the nation’s life. I commend you all for the opportunity to survive as we seek a good way to share with state governments.
22. Our overseers continue to face this challenging time. Even though the safety of our refugee camp is very important, I like the Nigerian that your safety and stability belongs to us, especially during this hurricane.
23.As we care for safety and properties, we are unable to collect human rights from young security officials. The recent reports of events that we have received are unfortunate and I want to assure you that we will bring the criminals to face justice.
24.I urge all Nigerians to continue their cooperation and fighting for peaceful co-existence, such as peaceful co-existence, and for peaceful co-existence.
25.As we continue to concentrate on our investments in Lagos-Atabija landscape, the recent Canonian crisis continues to boost. Despite the ongoing crisis, we are determined to add federal government officials, resources and investments to support and support the efforts of the state government, in Lagos.
In Canada, and the next state of emergency, the initial assessment suggested that the results of the test combined with national trips and an infection.
27.From this time, I urge all Nigerians to continue to follow the advice from the presidential staff and from the medical centers.
28. These are, high-profile, high-profile, high-profile, high-profile, high-profile, high-profile and high-profile assemblies
29. Honourable Nigerian, for the past four weeks in many parts of our country under colonial or provincial regimes. As I mentioned earlier, these measures have been critical and have played an important role in the history of Corona in our country.
30. However, the colonial order is already in place with a large-scale approval. Many people in our country have lost their way. Many jobs are closed. No country can accept any colonial order as we look forward to the results of the fasting.
31.In my final words, I said the federal government would set up policies and legislations to protect and protect people from dengue fever.
32.For the past two weeks, the federal government and the state have collaborated hard to ensure the safety and welfare of the nation, in harmony with the commemoration of our national identity.
33.We look into the ways in which our companies, markets, shoppers, and drivers are able to progress as well in ensuring compliance to the national health standards in terms of transportation and transportation.
34.We review the continuation of our health care work without any medical threats.
35. We consider the best way our community can live in dengue times in time to ensure that our food supplies are safe. We consider the best way to ensure that our community cannot afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford.
36.We are focused on finding an effective way to improve our economy while searching for more analysts through the pandemic. This typhoon caused global impact.
37.Given this and the treatment of the COVID-19 presidential board, the various Federal Executive Council and the Nigerian Governors’ Board, I’ve approved the implementation of the colonial policy in Abuja, Lagos, and Ogun by 4 April, 2020.
38.H, tourism and tourism will also boost in Canada and will improve the economy in some parts of the country.
39.After all, a new law has been introduced throughout the country;
a.I.A. is available from 8am to 6am. This meant that all precautions will be interrupted during this period to special workers.
b. he will not have the opportunity for all-female trips within the state until the period of emergency.
c. The emergence of special overseers within the state will be a step forward to the emergence of special overseers in the state.
d.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.A.
40.Verdictally, the colonial policy in Abuja, Lagos State and Ogun will be extended until other legislations will be introduced on May 4, 2020.
41.The presidential team will provide accurate information to the government, the investors and the enterprises.
42.Acting that above these principles, state governments are able to fast-track and resilience over the various instrumental arrangements that are in line with these principles.
43.From respect for our businessmen and businessmen, those in need are providing continued and sustainable assistance.
Kano State does not include these principles.
45.In Kano State, I have sent a colonial order to two officials immediately. The federal government will charge people, equipment, and equipment needed to care for the state by completing the pandemic and, as well as the pandemic, to move to possessing states.
46.I also wish that the leaders of the nation, those responsible for the fighting, and those responsible for the fighting, be conscientious, conscientious, confident that the government will continue to support you and your family during this difficult time. I also wish that you, in this respect, be confident that your peace and life will be strengthened.
47.I also look forward to the support you have received from our fellow worshippers, the Christian disciples in Nigeria, the highest Islamic bodies, the religious associations, and the leaders of the region. The cooperation and support you have contributed to the wellbeing we have.
48.I will call on all of you to continue to speak up on the Korean-language field among your worshippers and local residents so that all of you need to provide support and social support.
49.I am very grateful to you, Governor, the team of the COVID-19 Emergency Management Committee, for the tremendous progress. With this partnership, I am confident that there will be positive developments.
50.I would also like to thank our brothers and sisters, family members, the United Nations, the International Union of Human Rights, the Nigerian friends, the journalists, and local assistant, for their support they are making for us.
51.I will also like to thank all of Nigeria’s gentlemen for support and support during this trial. I assure you that this trial will help all your efforts to protect the lives of all Nigerians.
52.Thanks be for the support of mine, God blessing the nation.
--- Nigeria’s humanitarian security is one of the biggest challenges I have – President Buhari
Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari has described the country’s security as the "eternal most in times of these challenges and inconveniences".
The president made this known via telegram while addressing Nigeria's terrorism on Monday, April 27th, 2020.
President Buhari reiterated that his administration could not relent in protecting life and properties of civilians, and that his administration could not relent in protecting life and properties of civilians.
"I have a lot of positive information, and I assure Nigerians that terrorism will no longer occur under the law."
The President urges all Nigerians to cooperate with security agencies during this special meeting.
--- COVID-19: President Buhari signs consortium in Kano
Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari has postponed the postponement in Kano, northeast Nigeria, as a result of heavy rains in the region.
President Buhari made this known via videoconference that the film will be available for two weeks in Canada, Canada.
The president also said the Federal Executive Council would sent the Federal Executive Council (FSB) to Kano State to support the state, by means of the Democratic Republic of Korea, before it is passed on to other states.
The president also said traveling from one state to another state caused a dengue outbreak in the state of Kano.
--- NIS boosts 13 Nigerians
The Nigerian National Tournament (NIS) says it has received 13 Nigerians from the states of Lomé, Togo, and Seme-Krake.
The NIS spokesman Sunday James stated this in a statement on Sunday night in Abuja when he returned to Togo as a regular pioneer.
According to Mr. James, the 13 victims have been taken to Lagos State healthcare agency for a Corona-examine.
He said "the Commission has also instructed the Nigerian Legion of Anti-Carnival (NCDC) to intervene in the fight against Corona-virus in the future in the country", adding that "the Commission has also instructed the Nigerian Legion of Anti-Carnival (NCDC) to intervene in the fight against Corona-virus in the future".
James says Seme-Krake is one of Nigeria’s greatest exports of landslides, and it is one of the largest exports of Benin, according to him.
He said the NIS would arrest anybody seeking to travel to Nigeria, as the number of visitors to the Seme-Krake camp has increased.
The Executive Director of Nigeria, Mr. Muhammad Babbande has appealed to all the pilgrims who are coming back to Nigeria to pray for the removal of religious doctrine, as a result of their perpetrators and perpetrators.
--- President Buhari to speak in Russia at 8:00 a.m
President Muhammadu Buhari will speak with the Nigerian government on Monday, April 27.
Media, radio and mobile phones have been designated to join the latest TV social media platforms in Nigeria (NTA) and the Federal Government Security (FRCN) for the campaign.
The Nigerian government will continue to do so on mobile phones.
Update on VON Social Media handles:
--- President Buhari to speak with Nigeria today: President Buhari to abruptly rule abruptly
Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari will speak with Nigeria today, Monday, April 27, 2020, at 8pm.
It is up to all Nigerians to hear what President Buhari will say about the colonial development.
The Presidential Adviser on Media and Publicity stated this.
--- National Assembly to re-constitute on April 28
The Nigerian House of Representatives is set to return on Tuesday after a month break as a result of the Covid-19 pandemic in Nigeria.
On March 23, the House of Representatives opened a two-week-long holiday to allow the Senate rebuilding body to provide effective security for the prevention of COIVD-19 outbreak, but a week after the commencement of their holiday agreement, the government ordered the renewal of the COIVD-19 pandemic to ensure the efficiency of the state.
In a statement signed by the Permanent Secretary of the House of Representatives, Mr. Patrick Give issued a statement advising the Permanent Secretary of the House of Representatives, Mr. Patrick Give to embrace and impeach the Permanent Secretary of the House of Representatives, Mr. Patrick Give to embrace and impeach the Permanent Secretary of the House of Representatives, Mr. Patrick Give to embrace and Impeach the Permanent Secretary of the House of Representatives, Mr. Patrick Give to embrace and Impeach the Permanent Secretary of the House of Representatives, Mr. Patrick Give to embrace and Impeach the Permanent Secretary of the House of Representatives, Mr. Patrick Give to embrace and Impeach the Permanent Secret
The statement said the Senate was entitled to hold a special meeting with the lawmakers on the basis of a special meeting with the lawmakers on the basis of a special meeting with the lawmakers on the basis of a special meeting."
The Permanent Secretary of the House of Representatives, Mr. Corona, said when the House of Representatives is approved, he will be considering how to fight Corona-virus in the country and how to fight the country’s economy.
--- Federal Government investigates coronavirus in Kano State- Minister
The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, says the Kano State Public Affairs and Public Affairs are investigating in Kano on Monday, adding that the state’s headquarters will be investigating on Monday.
Ehanire said the investigative team would hold meetings with the Kano Governor to describe the incident, adding that it was uncertain.
Ehanire said the team would also be testing, discriminating, terminating the strain of the strain, with the aim of measuring development of the state’s standards and shares.
"We had no knowledge of the previous COVID-19 pandemic, but we were proud of the COVID-19 pandemic."
That means that we can get rid of the disease using techniques and techniques that help curb the disease.
The Minister of Finance of Lagos noted that the state of Kano has a reliable state of emergency and that the state of Lagos has been affected by the coronavirus pandemic due to the 2014 Ebola pandemic.
The Minister disclosed that the Lagos State, which is the largest state in the world, could not be used as the Central Bank of Kano, as the Central Bank of Lagos State does not have the standard of operations in the country.
Ehanire said more than 40 health officials have been kidnapped in Nigeria as a health-care agent.