(ReadPsalm 123 : 1 - 4. )
According to him, the unification of the employee is the same that he has to trust in Jehovah.
What is the psalmist’s mind?
In order to provide the employer with food, he can be used to protect him; in order to provide the employer with food, he can be used to protect him; in order to provide the employer with food, he can be used to protect him; in order to provide the employer with food, he can be used to protect him; in order to provide the employer with food, he can be used to protect him; in order to determine what the employer is doing.
On the same hand, we owe it also to one of Jehovah’s Witnesses to know and understand what Jehovah is doing for each of us, and to do what we should do.
It is our time to be confident that Jehovah will support us when difficulty comes.—Efe.
5 : 17.
Why can we divide our hearts so much that we do not have Jehovah’s name?
In truth, we believe that it is important for us to trust in Jehovah in all times, but in some cases, things can divide our heart.
What happened to Matthew's home is very serious - that is.
The Bible says that Matthew “ has determination - heart because of the superstar of duty. ”
If this loyal woman can have deep distress despite the fact that Jesus is with the power in the earth, she should not be afraid that she could throw the swallow up.
Then why can we divide our hearts into an unbeliever’s face?
In this article, we’ll see how others’ behavior can divide our heart.
We will continue to experience what we can to bear with Jehovah in all times.
Why don't you worry that Mosque is the One of the promises?
Mosque is always depending on Jehovah for justice.
Even, Mosque “is going to have a very strong match like the one who sees the One we can’t see. ”
( Read Hebrews 11 : 24 - 27. )
The Bible explains that “none had ever paid a blood tribute in Israel as Moses, the face of Jehovah.”
Although Moses moved closer to Jehovah, he lost the opportunity to join the Kingdom Halls.
What caused him?
5 – 7
What was the problem after the Israelites were evacuated from Egypt, and how did Moses solve the problem?
The two months of Israel’s evacuation to Egypt were not a major challenge, even though they had not even reached the Central China impacted by the cyclone.
The brothers also noticed that I was so isolated and that Mosque was not alone.
That tragedy proved that Moses opened to Jehovah: “What will I do to these people?
In a few instances, I will be comforted! ”
Jehovah honors Mosque and gives him a clear gift.
Jehovah said to bring him up, climb the hideouts and take him out with water.
The Bible says: “Moshe has done good to the elders of the men of Israel. ”
And the Israelites took up water to their hearts, and the problem was solved.—Ikees.
17:5, 6.
The Scriptures also say that Mosque “is named indiscriminate in Madam and Meribah, for the interest of the Israelites and for the interest of Jehovah’s view, : ‘Why Jehovah is in us or not?’
” The names are also grassroots – because they are called “ Examine ” and “ Examine. ”
How did he feel about Jehovah’s victory?
From Jehovah’s face, the Israelites are not Mosque—but he — the greatest respect for them.
(ReadPsalm 95:8, 9. )
It is obvious that the actions of the Israelites are not positive.
Mosque does that Jehovah is the one who looks for justice and depends on the strength that Jehovah has given him.
What was the challenge when some Nigerians took to the streets in the past four decades?
What did Moses do when they experienced such a difficulty over the past 40 years?
The brothers live in a neighborhood near the Kadesians, an area located near the Ilerians.
Eventually, the area was called Memorial. * Why?
Because the Israelites also died because they were sick.
Sorry in this story, Mosque made a mistake, and the latter didn't work.
What is Jehovah’s Word for Moses, what is Moses?
(See picture below this list. )
What did Moses do when they were found guilty?
He cared for justice to Jehovah.
However, in this case, Jehovah did not allow him to take the groundwork.
What Mozes said to him was to pick up the roofs, bring them together in front of the roof, and bring them to the roofs.
His grandparents were not fooled from the street.
The joy followed them to shout: “Happy, honoured, honoured!
So can you get rid of the water from this garbage? ”
Later, he knocked the plate, and even didn't know about one, and only two knocked the plate.—Num.
20:10, 11.
How does Mosque affect Jehovah?
Rejoice in Jehovah’s actions – regard to what Moses did.
What does Jehovah mean?
There can be various circumstances.
Once on a occasion, he may be joyful like Jehovah because Moses depends heavily on the justification of his faith.
When Moses scribbled on that platform, why did that group think about the feud?
There is another reason to cause it.
The bulldozers are the carts located in the Midwestern part of the island.
It is difficult to get rid of the water from the floodwaters.
The unprecedented lungs of light are the other cornices in the Memorial area.
Since the wetlands are loose, water continues to be in the water, and people can evacuate it.
When Moses clamped out on the twenty-two plates, did he seem to be like the plates pulled out of the tears, that did not Jehovah serve as the servant of the dam?
When Moses scribbled on that platform in lieu of thinking, would the people believe that Jehovah is the one who has done this trial?
* You can not say all of us.
What else could be motivated to put in place Jehovah in Mosque and Aaron?
There are other reasons for Jehovah’s integrity to Mosque and Aaron.
Look at what Moses told the people, saying: “Why we have brought out water for you from this magnitude? ”
When Mosque used the word “ let us, ” it might have been for him and the Aroni.
What she says is more frightening than that for Jehovah who did not earn the sacrifice.
It may be the reason for that worshippers 106:32, 33 states: “From then, they brought history — and survived — in the Deep Sea, recognizing that Mosque was wicked for them.
Because he is sick and sick in the body, he is sick and sick in the body.”
* That’s why, Moses don’t give shadow to Jehovah.
Then Jehovah told Mosque and Aaron: ‘Why, then, do Orthodox Christians believe in me?’
It’s really a big action!
Why can we say that Jehovah’s unjust commitment to Mosque is a justification and a justification?
Jehovah did not expectate that Mosque and Aaron would take advantage of this, because they were gifted to the disciples.
Earlier, many Israelites served as Jehovah’s Witnesses and, in the past, did not allow that all such generations give the hope for their authoritarian life.
Therefore, at the same time, it is confirmed that Mosque is being cared for by Jehovah for the same injustice.
Along with the others, Jehovah does not allow the Kingdom of the Scriptures.
14, 15.
Why did Mosque be a woman?
Why did Mosque be a woman?
Screenshot fromPsalm 106:32, 33 is one of the words: “Advancement, history — and survival in the sea of Meribbean, which is bad for Moses in their behalf.
Because he is sick and sick in the body, he is sick and sick in the body.”
Although Jehovah is the right of the Israelites, Moses is the only one quiet.
rather than reassuring yourself, make sure that there is an inescapable thought about what to do.
Let them divide the mind and heart of others and not rejoice with Jehovah.
It is true that Moses did what happened when that story began to occur.
Each year, Mosque has repeatedly witnessed the values of the Israelites and, in fact, has dealt with severe circumstances.
It may even be that at the same time, he may have taken his heart rather than thought about being dangerous for Jehovah.
Why don't we have to think about what Moses did?
If a loyal volunteer such as Mosque could have his determination, he could not believe - he could not believe that anything similar to that would result.
Like Mosque, we also need to give an example—the new world that Jehovah promises.
It is sure that no one will afford such a privilege to deal with him.
Well, if we do not agree with each other, we will not let all of us divide our heart as we trust in Jehovah and we will always believe in him.
How can you get rid of Mosque's error?
Why don't we be intimidated by one another?
You might put yourself in danger if you were like him.
Even if the same challenge is constantly facing, ” don’t allow us to give up in doing what is good in place, because in some cases we’ll get pregnant if we do not get pregnant. ”
Is there someone who makes something like us or someone who has something like us or who has something like us? Will we think wrong?
On one hand, the Bible says to “comfort.”
What is the meaning of that translation?
He is Jehovah.
(Read Romans 12:17 - 21. )
In lieu of interventing, it is necessary to be patient and to ensure that Jehovah cares for the time.
We trust in Jehovah and we do not check for him. We trust in him and do not check for him.
What should we feel when Jehovah gave us justice?
You have to get rid of those who are behind.
Will we continue to supply support to Jehovah’s testimony?
However, in this case, we are not thinking that we are doing nothing more literally than a new practice.
Rather, we are certain that Jehovah will continue to do everything that is given us by means of justice.
On the same occasion, we pray for “not to overcome what we have written. ”
When we trust in Jehovah’s truths, we trust in Jehovah.
Others’ behavior as an opponent of this vision. What is the example of Mosque?
( See Chapter 19)
What should we do not allow other people’s actions to negatively impact our association with Jehovah?
Don’t allow others to violate your association with Jehovah.
When we trust in Jehovah, we will not be frightened by the misconduct of others and will not allow our relationship with Jehovah to be damaged.
This is especially important because we are a strong contenders in a God’s system like Moses.
It is true that we each have one ‘ to survive with fear and discord.’
However, it is important to note that, as long as we have the opportunity, so will Jehovah’s demands from us.
If we are loyal to Jehovah, nothing will negatively impact us and nothing will negatively impact us.— Sm.
119 : 165 ; Rome 8 : 37 - 39.
What do we decide to do?
During this time of living, we have lost our lives.
Therefore, it is necessary to always have the “surveillance” in order to determine what to do.
What happened to Mosque is that we should not let other people’s actions and actions destroy our relationship with Jehovah.
In lieu of harassment by others, we should rather be determined to ‘look on our heavenly Jehovah until he makes good things for us.’— Sm.
123:1, 2.
The confidence is addressed to the confidence near the REFIDIMUS.
The booth is near Ma, and the second is near Cadesi.
These two communities are occupied in the Memorial area because of the environmental impact. — see the structure included in Part 7 of the Working Group on Conscientious Objection.
When Mr. John A.
Commenting on this story, Beck states: “A history of the Juve states that Mosque was one of the most emblematic stories in the world: ‘I think this stage of construction is impossible!
Though he is actually doing what he wants to do, go out of the water from a different path.
“Thank you history here.
See Home - police, October 15, 1987, “ Ibeere Lati The Onkawe. ”
Well, even if they were inside the same building, it might be justified by the possibility that it might be destroyed, and it might be permitted by the elders to carry out warning that the warning took place in rare circumstances.—1 Corinthians.
6:18.
The leadership of the local elders is to check the work properly in order to maintain the neutrality of the local elders.
How to get along: Is the couple looking forward to each other?
Have the elders gave them advice on how they were exposed at times?
Why don't you need to rest on the street?
Have you arranged for a living room?
Would you get rid of the system then, or were there some error points that suggested that there was nothing more possible than to get rid of it?
Where is the bottom line?
In the meantime, there are other issues that can be considered by the elders.
Once the leadership of the elderly ruling is overwhelmed, he will decide whether they will both take to the leadership of the elderly ruling.
© 2018 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
THE FULL FOOTBALL:
How to study the Bible with those with real interest in the nation - Bulgarian
CAFETY
ROAD LIBRARY
INITIAL REPORT ( 2017 )
This publication is a nothing.
It is part of a worldwide Bible education project that has been supported by our dear brothers.
For more information, visit our website www.jw.org / yo.
If it does not seem to be OK, the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures has already taken away all pieces of Scriptures we have used.
It is for you to serve, it is for you to think about it.”—DIU.
10:20.
Hours: 28, 32
Although Kenyan and Solomon say that they are worshipping Jehovah, why do we lose losing the good news to Jehovah?
What did Mosque and Aaron help them to demonstrate their loyalty to Jehovah?
What can we do so that Jehovah can impress us and lead us?
1, 2, ( a) Why do we want to be in Jehovah?
( b) What will we consider in this article?
NO DAY - it’s Jehovah’s right to do.
Because no one is strong, faithful, and faithful to our God!
There is no doubt that there is no one in Jehovah.
However, several of Jehovah’s Witnesses abandoned Jehovah during their tests.
In this article, we will consider examples of those who claim to be Jehovah’s Witnesses, who claim to be Jehovah’s hatred.
As we take a look at their examples, there will be critical reasons why we are determined to remain loyal to Jehovah in the second place.
Why did Jehovah not trust Kenyi, what did Jehovah tell him?
Let us take a look into Kenya’s example.
Although Kenya is claiming to be one of Jehovah’s worshippers, Kenya’s worship is still being viewed by Jehovah.
Because hatred is hurting the heart.
Jehovah commended Kenya: “Why did you face a good task, did you not get stronger?
But if you are not capable of doing what is fine, you are not capable of doing what is fine, you are not capable of doing what is fine, you are not capable of doing what is fine, you are not capable of doing what is fine?”
It is much like when Jehovah told Kenya, “If you think well and stay in my bed, I will not leave you either.”
What did Kenyan do when Jehovah helped him?
Jehovah will look forward to Kenya if it is possible to generate a bad idea in his heart.
Her grandmothers did not receive Jehovah’s advice.
On the contrary, the bad idea that is in the mind and spirit of self-sacrificing - the one - only needs to be bad.
While Kenyan was on the streets, he might never have dreamed that one would let him down to Jehovah.
Though the knife was swept away, Kenya was terrified, honoured and honoured to Jehovah! For shame!
What kinds of thought can lead to the loss of Jehovah’s goodness?
Like Kenya, some Christians today say they worship Jehovah, but also pay attention to Jehovah’s hatred.
For example, a person can attend meetings regularly and play more in the period.
Such a bad idea can provoke.
The truth is that people can not understand what we think or do.
Remembering that Jehovah has seen everything and will continue to do nothing.—Consider Jeremiah 17:9, 10.
How does Jehovah help us to “compass” the negative thought?
If we do, then Jehovah will continue to pray for us.
For example, Jehovah encourages those who are grieving: “Return my loud, firm, and I will return your loud. ”
Jehovah seems to have a group — no matter how close we are, it seems to have a lot to get through.
When we do so, it will be Jehovah’s stand and give us the strength that we need in the material and spiritual field to “compass” the idols.—John.
4 : 7.
Why did Solomon lose his good news to Jehovah?
We can also discontent about the situation of Mr. Solomon.
When a Solomon is on the streets, he is asking Jehovah to save him.
Jehovah gave him a rich burial and a privilege to build the restoration center in Jerusalem.
However, Solomon lost to Jehovah’s goodness.
Therefore, Jehovah commanded the Israelites not to “swallow up [their] self-sacrificing and [their] distressing” in Jehovah.
The Solomon's grandmothers sustained damage — an estimated 700 women, an estimated 300 women.
However, the majority of these women are not Egyptians but also baptized.
This demonstrates that Solomon also violated the God’s law for the citizens of Israel that they should not obey evil women. — Diu.
7:3, 4.
What is the error of a Solomon?
The Solomonians are often respecting Jehovah’s laws in the communities.
For example, a Solomon commended the Christian rise and commended the chemoist rise.
The homes of our brothers and sisters are very frightening.
We are saddened that the heights above Jerusalem were filled with Jehovah’s temple!
The Solomon’s conviction is that Jehovah is able to take care of his distressing conduct in the ministry.
What happened when a Solomon replied to Jehovah’s name?
What should be noticed is that Jehovah is determined to create another religion.
The Bible states: “Jehovah’s name comes to Solomon, because he has removed himself from Jehovah with suffering suffering.., he has shown up to two people.
As a result of this, he commanded him not to follow other gods, ”but he did not kill Jehovah’s head.
Therefore, Jehovah returned to Solomon and lost his glory.
After the Solomon’s death, the Israelites were divided into two, and the kidnappers faced trial.—1 Proverbs 11:9 - 13.
Why can you devastate our relationship with Jehovah?
Like the Solomon, when we deal with those who do not understand Jehovah’s principles, our unity and Jehovah may be perplexed.
Those who may be in the congregation may prevent them from studying nothing spiritual.
And those that do not serve Jehovah might include our families, our neighbors, our working groups, or our schoolchildren.
Whoever worshippers do not understand Jehovah’s principles, even if they may lead to the loss of Jehovah’s name.
Would the residents like you draw closer to Jehovah?
( See section 11 )
Why should I tell you that you are dealing with a very worse person?
Read 1 Corinthians 15:33.
There are many positive characteristics, and there are also those who are not Jehovah’s Witnesses.
So don’t you want to get rid of people like this?
You should have to think about what can happen when you go together for peaceful coexistence and Jehovah if you go with them.
So can you draw closer to Jehovah?
Why should I be fooled?
For example, not just clothing, money, modern speech, how to buy and how to gather material things will be discussed at all times?
But are you often thinking worse about others and thinking worse?
Jesus concludes: “Jehovah is one of the greatest nations in the world – he is speaking with joy. ”
So if you feel that those who are not steadily can destroy your kindness and Jehovah’s organization, you should always take a step down, break down your treasures with them, or become totally joyful.—Proverbs 13: 20.
(a) How did Jehovah improve the spirit of the Israelites after they were evacuated from Egypt?
(b) What did the Israelites say when Jehovah asked him to stand behind him?
We can also discern what happened to the Israelites after they were evacuated from the Egypt.
They were gathered outside of China.
In the meantime, Jehovah makes it clear that he is among them.
Let the monsoon earthquake, the sunshine, the sunshine, the sunshine, the sunshine, the sunshine, the sunshine, the sunshine, the sunshine, the sunshine, the sunshine, and the sunshine rise.
Jehovah assured the Israelites that he is “the God who requires a firm faith and a firm organization.”
Then he assured them that he would stick to those in his view and obey his authorities.
( Read Ezekiel 20:1 - 6. )
In another language, Jehovah advises others, “Why, then, do Orthodox Christians believe he is God?”
If there is the reverence about the reverence, how will Jehovah feel?
He is certain that the weapons will be similar to those of Israelis.
The Bible says that they “ respond with one voice and says: ‘Every thing, that Jehovah says, is done with us.’
“I don’t have ever paid a blood tribute proportionately as long as it does.
Why did the Israelites demonstrate their neutrality?
The Witnesses were afraid when they found themselves in the dark monsoon, vibrant lightning, and other spiritual values.
They appealed to Mosque to give Jehovah’s name a spokesman on the Chinese mountain range.
The mountain range is high - and the mountain range is high.
The congregation of Israelites is deeply concerned.
They probably did not know what to do because they did not see Mosque as their pioneer.
It may be that the Israelites have relied most on Mosque, asserting that if they could not see it, Jehovah’s name would be difficult for them.
32 : 1, 2.
What did the Israelites feel, how did they feel about Jehovah?
The people also noticed that Jehovah hatred the worship.
Of course, it is not the reason for that that Jehovah has given them the power to worship the virtues of all who do so!
Their self-sacrificing spirit seems to be Jehovah’s own.
In fact, Aaronni described them as “a celebration of Jehovah.”
How did that verdict affect Jehovah?
Remarkably, he told Mosque that Mosque was “powered by a clampdowns,” and “hated the way [they] commanded them to go.”
This helps ‘comfort Jehovah’s name’ to his thoughts and contributions. — Ecclesiastes.
32 : 5 - 10.
15, 16.
How did Mosque and Aaron reveal their loyalty to Jehovah?
(See picture below this list. )
Because of his distress, Jehovah is determined to not kill all the Israelites.
It offered the faithful the opportunity to demonstrate their integrity.
When Mosque saw the men joking, singing, and dancing on the spears, he filled the spears with a house arrest.
Then, Moses announced: “Who is Jehovah’s judgment?
Let’s answer me!’’
All the Léphitians agreed to join each other with the ” Mosque.—Ecís.
32 : 17 - 20, 26.
Although the idea was done by Aaron, he did so much and appealed to the Léphitians who were loyal to Jehovah.
Not only are the loyal ones against Jehovah, they are also able to get rid of the loyal ones.
This was a good decision because thousands of people died as a result of injuries.
Of course, Jehovah promises to bless the rest of the loyal Israelites.—Ikees.
32 : 27 - 29.
What do we feel in the words of Paul about the injustice of the Israelites?
Commenting on the situation, Paul concluded: ‘This was an example for us, so that we should not become transgender, as some of them did.
And we scribbled on the scribbling of the scribbling of the scribbling of the scribbling.
So let the person who seems to be steadfast so that he does not despair.
The apostle Paul’s remarks highlighted that Jehovah’s Witnesses could remain conscientious objectors to what is done if they do not despair.
Whoever responds to severe actions can feel that he still has a positive relationship with Jehovah.
It is important to note that, even if someone may be inspired to listen to Jehovah or think he is loyal, even if it does not like Jehovah’s joy.—1 Corinthians.
10 : 1 - 5.
Then why can one confess to Jehovah and why can he succeed?
Just as the Israelites are suffering from Mosque’s ascendance to China, today’s Christian people can trust in Jehovah’s sovereignty and imagine when a new world will come.
You may imagine that Jehovah’s promises are above us or that they are based on a impossible solution.
If we do not change our mentality, we may even renounce our values and abandon our worship to Jehovah.
Honestly, we will honour Jehovah and continue to rely on what is wrong and what is impossible to say that we can trust in him.
Why should we always be afraid and why?
It is necessary to always believe that Jehovah will continue to trust in him from heart to heart and to worship himself.
When we do that for Jehovah’s faith, we do that for Satani, and our support will not be good.
That is why Paul states: “You can not see Jehovah’s tribe and the tribe of the souls; you can not see ‘ the table of Jehovah’ and the table of the souls. ”—1 Corinthians.
10:21.
How will Jehovah help us in our injustice?
There are many stories about Kenyan people, Solomonni, and Israelitians in the Western China.
Everyone had an opportunity to ‘reflect again and again.’
This indicates that Jehovah continues to support those who face injustice.
Aaron’s example is that Jehovah continues to guide those who think more.
Also today, Jehovah uses Bible stories, publications, or instructions from a Christian person to help us remain positive.
When we deal with these challenges, we are sure that Jehovah will be comforting us.
Why should we rely on our decision when we face a test that may distance Jehovah?
Therefore, Jehovah is not showing the good news to us.
This kindness helps us to “tackle the misunderstanding of God and the values of the world. ”
(Read Titans 2:11 - 14. )
One thing is that if we continue to live “in the ministry of things,” we will face trials that can restore Jehovah’s name.
Therefore, let’s stop playing, fighting, and praying Jehovah’s name as ‘our Jehovah, our God, should be afraid.
10:20.
“Happy is the country — the language of Jehovah’s name, the people around you.”— SM.
33 : 12.
ORIN: 40, 50
What does our dedication and confidence demonstrate?
Why shouldn't we make clear that Jehovah's Witnesses are here?
Why don’t we need to please our brothers, encourage them, guide them, and show faith?
Why can we say that Jehovah is the one of all things?
(See picture below this list. )
THAT HAS ARRIVED.
He is “the soul, the soul of the souls, the earth, and all that is in him.”
All of us, therefore, are divided by Jehovah.
However, since the universe has existed, God has always described others as specific objectors.
Whom do the Bibles consider this a special assignment to Jehovah?
Salm 135 appealed to Jehovah’s worshippers in Israel to be “parochial assignments.”
Also, the Hosea text recognizes that people who are not Israelites are Jehovah’s Witnesses.
This ceremony was when Jehovah appointed non-Jehovah members to join the church.
The Bibles call this holy spirit to be a “publishment-language” and “a special assignment” for Jehovah.
Well, the true Christians who are eager to look forward to life on the earth?
Jehovah called them “my people,” and “my souls.”—Isa.
65 : 22.
(a) Who is Jehovah’s name today?
( b) What will we consider in this article?
Today, the “pictured group” that is eager and the “not-too-impressive group” that is eager on the earth is turned into a “pictured group” that Jehovah is describing.
We will make sure that Jehovah recognizes the greatest opportunity he has given us to be conscientious.
In this article, we will consider the various ways to demonstrate that we appreciate this historic opportunity for Jehovah.
How can we thank Jehovah in behalf of the privilege to be self-sacrificed, how did Jesus do that?
The only way to demonstrate that we are appreciated is the privilege that Jehovah has given us to renew ourselves to him.
When we are baptized, we are making clear that we are belonging to Jehovah and that peace will be done.
When I was baptized, Jesus did the same as when he told Jehovah: “To honor you, my Jehovah, I have the joy.”
Jesus demonstrates his willingness to prize to Jehovah, although the land — the language that Jehovah has cleaned — is well-known.
5, 6. ( a) How did he feel with Jehovah when Jesus was baptized?
(b) Reflecting the reason for Jehovah’s joy when we save ourselves for him, even though it is his own.
How did he feel when Jesus was baptized?
The Bible says: “After our baptized, Jesus came out immediately from the tears in the water; and look!
He is loyal and he sees the spirit of God’s prophecy as a refugee.
Look at it!
On many occasions, one voice came from the spirit and said: ‘This is my Son, my gentleman, the one I have ever credited.’
” Even though it’s Jehovah’s hand, it’s a joy in Jehovah when we see the wisdom of the man, who is willing to conscientiously obey him.
Furthermore, it will be the joy of Jehovah when we turn one another into his sacredness and are sure that he will bless us.— Sm.
149 : 4.
For example, to say that a man plowed every gift at the palace.
On one occasion, one of the young ones was killed by a daughter and given to her father.
She assured her that she would not be thinking, ‘Why I am the same with all these gentlemen?’
How will my child give me something like me?’
Well, it would be a pleasure to have the gift, as it would make it easier for the young to have the gift.
It is much more painful that the young woman gives her than the young woman in the garden.
And if we become true to Jehovah, then we are certain that he will be joyful.—Ikees.
34 : 14.
How did Malaki convince me that Jehovah would be happy for those who are clearing himself?
Read Malaki 3 : 16.
If you are still not worthy of worship and are still not worthy of worship, you are encouraged to think about the important reasons for the action.
It is true that since his reconciliation with Jehovah, he has been like all who live on the earth.
Even when it comes to thinking about Jehovah’s joy, you are making it clear that he is the Savior of the universe.
It is certain that Jehovah will continue to demonstrate the faithful and write their names into a “ Memorial”.
8, 9.
What do we do not allow Jehovah to remove our name from the “ Memorial”?
This includes part of the efforts to prevent Jehovah from removing our name from a “ Memorial”.
Malaki said that we should ‘be afraid of Jehovah and think about his name.’
And regardless of how we worship anyone or anything, it may even cause Jehovah to remove our name from the literature by means of example.—Ecís.
32 : 33 ; Sm.
69 : 28.
Let us put our self-sacrificing forward in the spirit of promise to Jehovah that we will reap and be baptized.
These cases are being carried out one by another.
Of course, our dedication is to trust in Jehovah throughout our life.—1 Peter.
4:1, 2.
What can you see in the relationship between the one who serves someone who is not serving?
In the previous text, we had ideas about Kenya, Solomon, and the people of Israel.
Every believer claims to be one of Jehovah’s servants, and their practice of worship remains open.
This tells us that Jehovah’s believers are aware of the good things and hate the bad things.
This is why, after Malaki’s “ Memorial”—Jehovah received the awareness of “religious relationship between goodwill and bad person, between one who praises and the one who does not serve.”—Mál.
3 : 18.
Why should someone else not prove that he is one of Jehovah’s Witnesses?
Another way to demonstrate that we are aware of the privilege of Jehovah to be conscientious is to ensure that our progress on the spirit “is clear for everyone. ”
She asked: ‘When others found me, would they believe that I am one of Jehovah’s Witnesses?
Have I ever used the opportunity to convince people that I am one of Jehovah’s Witnesses?’
It will survive Jehovah – even when he finds himself guilty— and it does not help others feel that he is one of Jehovah’s Witnesses.—Salm 119: 46; read Matthew 8:38.
So how did you live in your life to reveal that you were one of Jehovah’s Witnesses?
(See paragraph 12, 13)
12, 13.
What can some people do and make it difficult to imagine being one of Jehovah’s Witnesses?
Such persons are often encouraged to guide them to “life” to avoid interference with others.
And this bad spirit is encouraging the people to “feel — the heart of the wild. ”
For example, despite all the restrictions imposed on the values of humility, some Christians still use an unfit uniform.
They wearing masks that end up worship and even visiting Christian meetings and conventions.
Some people are quite astonished or intrigued, just like the rest of the world.
If there are some kinds of people in the middle of your body, you don’t think that Jehovah is either a man or “nord.”—Ják.
4 : 4.
Some Christians also face life in other ways.
For example, in the corners of the corners of the corners, in the corners of the corners of the corners, in the corners of the corners of the corners of the corners, in the corners of the corners of the corners, in the corners of the corners, in the corners of the corners of the corners, in the corners of the corners of the corners.
Others usually take photographs and ideas that do not need to be preserved on the site.
They may not continue to be treated in congregation for a terrible task, although their spirit is not a good example, and they may even encourage others determining to be good in the congregation.—Colossians 1 Peter 2:11, 12.
Don’t allow those who are standing firm in Jehovah to showcase it
What should we do to ensure that our relationship with Jehovah is not damaged?
What this world lives on the streets is “the self-sacrificing and confiscation of one’s beliefs and the imposition of natural principles of life on the streets. ”
Regarding our belongings to Jehovah, the Bible encouraged us to ‘tackle the injustice of Jehovah and the values of the world—the mind and heart of the world—to live with the joy and justice of Jehovah and concentration in the ministry of things.’
Of all that we do that Jehovah is a member of us, not only in our minds but in our actions, we know that he is a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us, a member of us
Why should we show joy and joy to our brothers?
The money that we take to our brothers will demonstrate that they value the privilege we have from Jehovah.
When we trust that Jehovah is our brotherhood, we always show joy and joy to them.
In this way, all people will feel that you are my followers, as if you have good knowledge among your disciples.—John 13:35.
What is the example of the Mosque Act to give an accurate view to people by Jehovah?
To determine the amount of money to hold our brothers in the congregation, see this example.
In Jehovah’s prophecies, the treasures of the existing facilities are now dedicated to true worship.
The Mosque law explains how these items should be used and killing anyone who violates the law.
If Jehovah could even take care of the fundamental values of his worship, it would be the only values that have been honoured and dedicated for himself!
Jehovah will understand how important it has been for us when we say: “Knowing that you are suffering is overwhelming me. ”—Sek.
2 : 8.
What is Jehovah’s response to ‘preaching and encouraging’?
Malo has stated that with the support of Jehovah’s people, he “censors and celebrates.”
She assured them that Jehovah “ties the worshippers.”
Everything we say and work properly.
In addition to our fellow worshippers, Jehovah “tains and praises.”
Also, Jehovah continues to care for the needs of our fellow worshippers, who are encouraged, guilty, guilty, and faithful.—Heb.
13 : 16 ; 1 Peter.
4 : 8, 9.
How can we demonstrate that we are appreciated for the privilege that Jehovah has given us to serve humanity?
We are confident that we are aware of the privilege that Jehovah has given us to be conscientious.
One of the things we should do is to renew ourselves to him.
Although we live among those who are “fraudulently and criminally”, we are encouraged to see that we are “extremist and glorious” and “despite being exterminated in the earth.”
Therefore, we have decided to hate what is wrong.
Rather, we are grateful to our fellow worshippers and look after them because they are of Jehovah.—Romans 12:10.
How does Jehovah bless those who are grieving?
The Bible promises: “Jehovah will not disappoint people. ”
Although we are subjected to rare culprits, this is the site of Jehovah’s promise.
Even when we die, Jehovah will not forget us.
The Bible says: “If we are free, we are free for Jehovah, and if we die, we die for Jehovah.
So, as long as we live in peace, and as we die, we belong to Jehovah.”
We look forward to the time when Jehovah will poison all the dead worshippers.
Even now, the room is running.
According to the Bible, “the land — the language of Jehovah’s reverence, the people who are so close to twenty. ”— Sm.
33 : 12.
While Jesus teaches followers about preaching the good news to the Kingdom, he emphasizes that some will not continue to do so.
Today, we have many who continue to preach so that they can knock-out ourselves or even knock-out ourselves.
If it does not seem to be painful, these things can comfort us and keep our neighbors joyful.
Whoever suddenly puts himself in the list of deceivers, he can echo them, and appears to be deceased.
Well, if we do not saddened to those who preach, our faith can be overcome and we will not even throw it out of our preaching work.
During the second day, when we suffer the injustice of those who preach, weakening the values of the preaching work.—1 Thessalonians.
5 : 19.
Why can we suffer from those who preach even if it is not easy?
Let us take examples of the three people we can endure: Jehovah, Jesus, and the apostle Paul.
Jehovah has endured thousands of years to overcome his name by name.
But it is not enough to say, “It’s very good for the poor and the bad people.”
While she survived for the election, it proved that he was true.
This arrangement allowed “every people” to receive salvation.
In truth, Jehovah hatred those who mourn, and in truth, we are proud of those who mourn.—2 Peter.
3 : 9.
Jehovah saw that Satani was a strong faith and humiliated others because of the menace that preached.
It is very difficult for some to get rid of the truth because it is very difficult for them to get rid of the scenes, and it is very difficult for them to get rid of the truth.
Despite these reasons, it is Jehovah’s will to care for the good people.
How can you get wrong?
Let us explore how Jehovah has affected our neighbors.
In truth, with the grievance of those brothers and sisters, Jehovah told Jona: “Why should I not be angered for the great city of Nenefe, in which there are more than six decades of people who do not know the truth between their right people and their left? ”
Since the Witnesses don’t know Jehovah, Jehovah suffers them, that is why he reminds John of salvation.
Like Jehovah, we also believe that people’s lives are precious.
We can endure Jehovah if we do everything that we can to preach to anyone who is willing to trust in us, even if it seems like not to be true.
Just as the Father saw, we saddened Jesus when he saw those hearing little information about God.
According to the Bible: “When we found thousands of people, they were saddened, because we found them guilty, and they were looked down like gardens who don’t have gardens. ”
Because, Jesus knows what led to their trial — he believes that the religious leaders are still wet and have made things difficult for them.
Even though Jesus knew that their choice could give them the right to follow him, he “did them a lot.”—Matthew 4:1 - 9.
Don’t give up who you preach for a long time
The absurd circumstances can cause someone who is not guilty of us one time to remain steadfast
For some, it may be a negative thought about the Bible or about a Christian religion.
And may even be that some who consider themselves Christian have been punished by the severe punishment.
And in some cases, you may have lived through something not real about us.
Others may even fail to listen to our preaching campaign because they are not allowed to visit family members or neighbors.
Others will also be angry for their trauma, which may even lead to our preaching campaign.
Sister Kim, who served on the facility, said: “The property of those in our preaching territory is that all of them have been displaced or destroyed by the military.
Sadly, they did not have any hope, experience, and experience.
We always meet people who are not interested in preaching in this area.
Once, I had some in my mind."
What makes Kim painful to some who do not feel guilty?
He states: “I can take note of Proverbs 19:11, and it is what the Bible says: ‘The good condition that one has is determined to do with. ’
And while I keep thinking about the people’s feelings, I feel very saddened.
And look forward to it, not everyone is so bad!
We have had some Bible times in that neighborhood.”
We should ask one another, ‘Do you say that I also am not one of Jehovah’s Witnesses and that they preach to me, how will I treat them?’
For example, to say that we have learned many bad stories about Jehovah’s Witnesses, in this way, our preaching work is avoided, and our Witnesses are frightened.
While we are convinced that Jesus is convinced that people of us will have the same view to others, we are convinced that people of us who preach to us will have the same view even if we have difficulty doing.—Matthew.
7 : 12.
The apostle Paul surprised the thoughts of those who criticized the ministry.
What does that?
Because he had never experienced such a person at one time.
He stated: “I think I am a gentleman, a gentleman, a gentleman.
Though it was possible, I was saddened, because I was individual and took action in an unnecessary way. ”
They did not forget how Jehovah and Jesus were disappointed.
That is why I can put myself on the list of attendees for the preaching work because that kind of person.
What did Poland do when they met with some who were kidnapped in Lagos?
There is an example of what happened when Paul arrived to Athens. Acts 17 : 16 describes him as very glad - when he saw that “the great city is filled with rise. ”
However, what is like a Paul in the city is - he testifies to them.
Poland is using a variety of preaching methods to help those whose traditional culture is part of ‘making sure that some of them are accepted.’—1 Corinthians.
9:20 - 23.
We can enter what is confident in our identity and continue to preach “the good news of the most good” for them.
Sister Dorothy explains: “The spirit of those in our territory is that Jehovah is the strongest and most difficult of all things.
I continually commended them for their faith, and then I will share the Bible’s message about Jehovah’s personality and the hope for the future.”
As we continue to end “the final trials,” the behavior and actions of those who we preach to “may move from desolate to desolate. ”
However, we need to keep the hearts of our fellow worshippers alive and not allow their actions and actions to devastate our joy.
Jehovah will give us the strength to “put all victories.”
Sister preaching - one way through Jessica, explains: “I often meet people who are proud, who do not believe in us, and who do not read the Bible.
Maybe someone in him.
Honestly, I prayed to Jehovah for seeing him.
It makes me too much to trust in him and think about how to trust in him. ”
We are not loyal, we always look for the truth.
Because we are not slandered, some who are not slandered can come true time
It is important for our brothers and sisters to be encouraged when we work in the field ministry.
Jessica recalls: “If our brothers share their negative experiences in the spirit, in lieu of giving them a verdict, I will translate the conversation to the spirit of spirit.
For example, I can tell you about the way our preaching work makes a change in the life of people, even when some people never respond to the good news.”
Jehovah knows the variety of things that we face in our ministry.
We are certain that he will be happy to see what we are suffering from him and that we are dealing with others!
Along with him, peaceful and peaceful, he will not remain alive.
So let’s assure us that Jehovah is aware of the specific time he will kill this earth.
In the meantime, our preaching work is very complex.
Therefore, let’s fast forward to the preaching campaign and encourage the “abundance of people.”
His presence was a tremendous boost.
He is ahead of the Israelites as they attempt to accept a promise.
Jehovah puts his heart in peace and assures that he will succeed, telling him: ‘Be courageous and strong.
Of course, I have my laws.
It will be read with both calm and quiet, so that you can do all that we have written in it.
Then you will have success and be proud of you.’—Joseph.
1:7, 8.
There is no sign of — the sense that there are “the hard-of-hearing times” and the problem is still facing.
We need to read the Bible regularly and set principles clearly.
Honestly, we do not despair in the moment, and others believe it is not easy to do.
However, it is important to remember that the Bible’s reading is very important.
Therefore, in order to enjoy and benefit from the Bible’s trial, it is necessary to think about the methods included in the box “ Principles Treasure. ”
The psalmist wrote: “May I have your orders, because I have your joy. ”
We are certain that it will be a God’s Word.
You will also see the trials you are taking to the ground as you mourn the Bible.
It’s true that we do not advance – the islands of Israel like Josua, but also within the challenges we face.
So, let’s read the Bible and share the readings here with permission.
If we do so, we’ll succeed and be gentlemen.
prayers continue to be with you.
Jehovah’s thoughts are also included in the Bible and are needed to be openly.
As you continue to read the Bible, you will pray that Jehovah will make you understand and remember what you read and remain calm.—Isaiah 7:10.
If you were questioning yourself about Bible reading or Bible literature, you might ask yourself: ‘Why do I feel about Jehovah where I read this?
How did the hearts create the Bible?
How can I tell others about that? ’
Scribbling on the readings.
How did I feel? How did I feel?
What is the reason for me now?
What has happened to me in the past and what has happened to me in the past and what has happened to me in the past?
How can I establish these Bible principles?
You will have to think about what might have been done in order to prevent them from attending religious doctrine. And you will think about what might have been seen as a result of religious doctrine.— Diu.
32:28, 29.
You can only imagine some of the parts of your story.
You, for instance, could imagine the time when the Joseph leaders preached Joseph to the Isaac.
It appeared like the raids were the result of, how was the location, and what were the people in the area talking?
What did the judges feel, how did they feel?
If you are illustrating what you are not reading, you are enjoying the time and you are seeing the erroneous thing.
You have to use the research tools that the organization has provided to you to earn a living.
You can only use the research tools, which are either published or published on our website.
You might ask others to help you to understand these tools very well.
For example, the book from the Watch Tower Publications Index or the Book of Investigation for Jehovah’s Witnesses will highlight Jehovah’s organization’s various textbooks and verses.
You can also use the book Additional Recognition to investigate where a confession took place, how Bible stories fascinated you, the history of God’s Word, and others.
Clamp down on the key points of your reading to avoid forgetting.
The best thing to say is to others what you like.
Whom can you use in the secret?
If you are doing well, you are not only remembering the important points, but also doing well for others.
3 Wrong for truth
8 Don’t Overcome Obstacles
Scribbling stories about things that may make it difficult for us to see truth.
He then described the Bible’s principles for examining the Bible’s prophecies and making decisions correct.
The second article describes the three things, which people often consider when determining who others are.
He also thought about what to do when it's not happening.
13 Evolution Stories — I Decide to Never Fails
18 Reports to Freedom of Conviction
23 FIND Jehovah FULL
Jehovah permits us to enjoy and enjoy our life.
When we concentrate on Jehovah’s name every day, and see how things we are doing preserve our belief, we are certain that we will remain joyful.
These articles highlight the various ways to get into account and the benefits we will have.
28 Memorial — Fishing With Hope
31 From Our Scriptures
“Good... is in joy. ”—Isaiah 20 : 35.
NPFL: 76, 110
Why don't we believe that we are wise?
When we use one another in the ministry, how will this make us happy?
What does the Scriptures mean that you feel guilty?
What did Jehovah help me to believe that it was true?
When things are resolved, there are only Jehovah’s Witnesses.
Even at this time, it is not the only time for Jehovah to survive, but it is the only time for all the nations to survive.
Jehovah is “the almighty God” and gives all justice with what is good.
Jehovah will make sure that even if we are joyful, he will make sure that we are loyal and will give others things.—Romans 1:20.
2, 3,. ( a) Why don’t we have joy when we give?
( b) What can we think?
God created us in the image.
That is that God has created us a way to live true characteristics.
If we wish for a peaceful life, we will continue to endure, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep, keep.
What does that?
Because it is the way Jehovah has done to us.
Despite our difficulties, we can endure and bless Jehovah.
The Bible teaches us how to worship.
Let us take a look into the Bible’s message in this topic.
We will see that if we are loyal, we will trust in Jehovah and see also how these qualities can lead to the successful implementation of our God’s work.
We will also see that when we give, we will be joyful.
4, 5.
What does Jehovah and Jesus give an example to hope for peace?
Jehovah likes to endure, and it is easy to find us faithful.
When we see how Jehovah has done to us and all the things he has done for our joy, it is obvious that he has defied us.
So if we also strive to keep others joyful, we are praising Jehovah.
It is also necessary for a true Christian to take the example of Christ because he sets a clear example of the truth that is true.
Jesus continues: “Many people are here, so we can not serve him, so we can not serve him, so we can not serve him, so we can not serve him as a substitute. ”
The Paul reminded us of the Christian message: “Consider this spirit in you, that is in Christ Jesus...
He turned one another into a danger and took away the spirit of slavery. ”
We continue to ask one another, ‘Can I challenge Jesus more than I do?’—Consider 1 Peter 2 : 21.
What does Jesus give us to describe the man of Samaria?
(See picture below this list. )
We can do so if we keep others’ minds in mind and doing everything that we can to care for their minds.
When a man from Juve asked Jesus: “Why my neighbor is? ” Jesus gave us a descriction of the man of Samaria.
( Read Luke 10:29 - 37. )
This point of view demonstrates that, in the meantime, when we see Jehovah’s good things, we are willing to give care for others, such as the man of Samaria.
How can we demonstrate that Jehovah’s guidance is the goodest?
He explained. A Christian should have a great effort — to be values and not solitary.
For instance, authoritarian - one - only Satani holds Adama and Efa in the Eden corner.
How did that happen?
Satani said that not only will anything be done for Adamu and Efa and the whole world as we do not relent in God.
He also offered the opportunity to become one of Jehovah’s Witnesses because he merely thought about nature.
In lieu of giving Sadamu priority to God, the wisdom — the one — just helps us to come and experience Efa.
Today, we all look forward to the bad results of their decisions.
Therefore, conscience — one — is not alone, it is only due to humiliation.
The legacy of loyalty, which does not affect us alone, shows that the God’s way of action is the best.
Why don't we need to save our neighbors from Adama and Efa?
Though Adamu and Efa are concerned about Jehovah’s personality, they may even feel that Jehovah likes them to care for their fellow believers.
Although they are only two in the Eden Kingdom Halls, Jehovah blessed them and urged them to pray for peace, peace, and justice.
As the spirit of Jehovah’s guidance continues, it is necessary that the spirit of the children of Adama and Efa as the leaders of the future continue to be heard.
Jehovah will make every world a Paradise for their children.
This is a great task, and it will allow Adama and Efa to share their children with their sovereignty before possible.
How did they make it possible for them to become paramilitary?
Peoples around the world will have to work with Jehovah so that the spirit of Jehovah will be transformed into a Paradise.
Look upon their joyful impact on the project, sure they will enjoy it!
In truth, if Jehovah does not bless them — it means that they use themselves to benefit others and that they will remain joyful.
10, 11.
Today, Jehovah has given us a very special life.
He said that he would continue to preach and support the people.
In order to the success of this project, we are trying to encourage others.
The only thing to do is trusting in God and respecting others.
Eighty years later, in the Memorial of the Christian Church, Paul noted that he and others linked in the ministry were “religious supporters” for merely sharing the ministry with the people of the Kingdom.
Today, when we use our strength, our time, and everything that we have in our hearts for Jehovah’s preaching work, we are also “the substantive supportive of God.”
That is a resounding privilege!
We are deeply saddened to help others stay positive (See paragraph 12)
12, 13.
What can you see when you become a follower?
If we use our time and strength to contribute to the preaching and resignation of our fellow worshippers, we will not despair.
For example, we are happy to see that Bible-trained people understand the truth and their minds become even stronger.
And if they are seeing a reverence from the reverence of their life and telling others about their wishes, it’s more painful for them.
Jesus was even joyful — even when the 70 percent of his family were released “with joy” for the success they did with the work.—Luke 10:17 - 21.
In many parts of the world, publishers have felt their feelings like the truth reverses the lives of others.
Let us take a look at Anna, a sister who has never served anywhere in Eastern Europe.
* He stated: “I am so happy — because here I use the Bible to spend time in residence.
And this work gives me joy because when I come from the conscience, in lieu of thinking about my problems, the thoughts of those who I am taking time hold me in the heart.
Now I will continue to think about what I can to do to get rid of myself.
This helps me to see that the Bible’s prophecy is true, ‘there is more joy in the finals than it is at times.’
“—Acts 20:35.
If there is no shelter in our territory, we are giving everyone the opportunity to enjoy the good news of the Kingdom (see chapter 14)
Why don't we give sense to our preaching work?
We will always do everything possible to get rid of our beliefs even if someone does not believe in them.
At least what Jehovah has said to the victory of Ezekiel is what he has done today and he told Ezekiel: ‘To share my opinion with them, regardless of how they will be believed or not.’
If people do not understand what we are doing, we are confident that Jehovah is aware of all of our efforts.
(Read Hebrews 6:10. )
On this occasion, a brother gave a clear example.
He states: “We have planted and planted, and we pray that Jehovah will grow strong.”—1 Corinthians.
3 : 6.
Of whom do you survive?
explained.
Jesus believes that if we become loyal, we will remain joyful.
People only appreciate what others do for them.
That is why Jesus says: “Thank you, people will give you.
Because of the reason you are trying to do so, you are trying to do so again.”
The truth is that not everyone will only appreciate what we are doing for them, but others will also smile and make them more proud of others.
So if there are some who don’t give up, you should not even give up people with something.
You can’t describe what you are doing today in the future.
Whom should you rejoice and why?
One thing is that the victims are not guilty of their faith.
This is what Jesus observed: “When you clash, call on deceivers, deceivers, deceivers, deceivers; and you will not have anything to compensate for you. ”
One Bible writer explains: “Blessed is the one who is [or] loyal.”
Another stated: “Happy is the one who plays excitement to the other. ”
We will be happy when we give something to others.
If we are loyal, what can we give others?
Paul felt that Jesus’ conscience was “more joyful than it was in the spirit. ” Other things also were possible for the people.
For example, you can give others joy and guidance, and encourage them.
What do some researchers say about phenomena?
Some individuals who are investigating sex activities say that those who are giving birth will be happy.
One article states that people are often enduring their conscience when they are doing what is positive for others.
In fact, researchers say that taking attention to others is very difficult and life-threatening.
They say that if you are doing well, you are sure that you are doing well and your health situation is better.
This nocturnal surprise was given to the fact that Jehovah our Witnesses has said in the Bible that discipline is forgotten.—2 Timothy.
3:16, 17.
19, 20.
Why don't we have one?
It is not easy to have a partner in this world because it is only about us - one - and this can cause a positive development in some cases.
The spirit of Jesus says that the two major commandments are to honour Jehovah for all of us, our minds, our strength, and our neighbors as ourselves.
As shown in this article, those who look to Jehovah are eager.
Jehovah is loyal and Jesus is loyal.
They both recognize that if we are native, we will have true joy.
Through respect and support to Jehovah and our neighbors, we continue to provide support and practical help to Jehovah and others.
It is not unthinkable - that the spirit is determined to use itself for others, especially for those with which we are Christian.
If you are going on the street, you are going to be joyful because people are going to love you and love you.
Proverbs 11:25 says: “We will bring a quiet heart and a quiet one who trials others in peace, and we will trial him in peace. ”
In our life and belief systems, we will always be joyful when we show joy to others, ourselves for them, ourselves for them and ourselves.
In the next article, we will consider the various ways to do so.
His name was rebuilt.
“We are deceivers of God.” — 1 KORR.
3 : 9.
NPFL: 64, 111
Are you thinking about your family and the congregation?
has the hospitality?
are you volunteer for the organization and are you interested in the religion?
What are the ways to trust in Jehovah?
OUR PRISONS THE FULL FOOTBALL OF GAYS THAT HAS ARRIVED THAT HAS ARRIVED.
Despite our hardships, those who are loyal to Jehovah are able to serve Jehovah fully.
For example, in the ministry of the good news of Jehovah’s Kingdom, which is determined to be a followers.
However, the work of preaching and dealing with discipline is the only possible way to work with Jehovah.
In this article, we will consider other practical measures.
We can do so when we take care of our family and the brothers, the guest guide, the volunteer service of Jehovah’s Witnesses, and the strengthening of our religious activity.—Kol.
3 : 23.
Why should we not affect others as we can do to Jehovah?
While considering this article, considering that not to affect others as we can do to Jehovah.
Because we are conscientious, conscientious, conscientious, conscientious, conscientious, and self-quarantine.
The apostle Paul stated: “The purpose of the service is that every believer must explore what the service is, and then he will have a reason for great joy alone, and not only against others.”—Gal.
6 : 4.
Why can we say that everyone who cares for their family is faithful?
Jehovah wants the Witnesses to take care of their families.
It should be the case, for example, to serve the family.
Mothers are always at home to care for their children.
Some children are also caring for their elderly animals.
Those tasks are, in fact, an inescapable role.
His spirit states: “If a person does not provide services to those who make struggle, and is especially important for those who make struggle for the housing, he has become worse and worse than a person who does not have struggle.”
If this is the way you can do, then you can’t overstate your prejudice to Jehovah’s religion, don’t worry!
Jehovah will be happy when we see that we are serving our family.—1 Corinthians.
10:31.
How can parents place one of Jehovah’s Witnesses in no time and what’s the benefit they will have?
Christian parents can love Jehovah when they share his religious life with their children.
Some parents have faced injuries, and this has caused their children to become more conscientious, even at home.
For example, some have been kidnapped, others are pioneer — a way where someone is not alive, others serve in Bethel.
Although the parents can be repaired in the early morning because of the ways their children are living in, the families of vulnerable parents — who — often encourage their children to recover from the religious doctrine.
What does that?
Because they are deeply concerned about their children’s place in the Kingdom Halls, which put them in peace.
The family of the parents looks to the example of Hano who tells Jehovah that he has his son Samuel.
It is no doubt — that these parents will read and have the privilege of living with Jehovah in this way.—1 Sam.
1:28.
How can you encourage others in your congregation?
(See picture below this list. )
You can take care of, for example, those who are treating illnesses, patients, elderly people, or others.
You can contact those in your congregation and identify those in need.
You can go to the debris of an elderly sister who is treating the debris of the debris of the debris of the debris of the debris of the debris of the debris.
But at the same time, you can assist in bringing others to meetings or taking them to shopping, shopping, or taking them to care for other things.
Of course, it is unthinkable that Jehovah is using him to answer his prayers.—Read 1 Corinthians 10 : 24.
What did you motivate to show your guest life?
All of our guests are encouraged by the hospitality.
In the Greek Scriptures, the testimony used for “going guests” describes “the unpleasant disappointment of those. ”
There are only ten Bibles from Jehovah’s Witnesses who live in such a life that can be used as example.
We owe it also that we must find ways to help others remain “crushed in spirit” or not.—Gal.
6:10.
What has been the chance to see in the hospitality work?
When we are showing the hospitality to the deceased, we are relying on that.
(Read 3 John 5, 8. )
During these times, we always have the opportunity to give ourselves “the extraordinary prayer. ”
Let us take a look into Olaf’s case.
In the past year, a circuit overseer who was not married visited their congregations but could not have any access to the circuit overseer in their homes.
Olaf asked non-Witness parents if the circuit overseer could be accommodated in their homes.
The parents accepted it, but the brother explained that Olaf would die from the neck.
This is not an easy task, it's an advantage that Olaf has given, much better.
Olaf commented: “It was a very warm weekend!
We and the circuit overseer will eat every morning and we eat every morning.
The tension that the circuit overseer gives me is taking the job of a guide - one way."
For now, Olaf has served as a diplomat for over 40 years, and he has served an international service.
Why shouldn't we encourage our brothers even when they are not aware of what we are doing?
Say a example.
It is a very different way to improve the quality of life of those who are not even aware of the actions we have.
Let us take a look at this example.
Once a day, Yesica started to cry again and again.
The sister asked her to apologize.
Yesica explained to her that it was very difficult for her to enter a country - Spanish, ancient - food.
On one occasion, he was saddened to give his child little water because he could not have any food supplies.
Yesica says she persists with the baby and prays that God will save her.
Two Witness women had not yet arrived at the house, but Yesica was one of their sisters and brought newspapers to her.
Then he asked them: “What do you want to eat for my son?”
The sisters tried to rest at once, but all their efforts were destroyed.
Eventually, the sisters had to consume a lot of food on the street.
Yesica was impressed by the joy that these sisters had endured in her prayers, and she was glad that she could not understand how quickly Jehovah was able to answer her prayers.
Yesica was determined to use Jehovah to serve her.
You can only see that the joy we have in the people is good!—Oniw.
11:1, 6.
9, 10. ( a) In the Bible, when will people volunteer for Jehovah?
(b) What works do the volunteer brothers often perform in the congregation?
Today, we have one another, one another, to choose one another.
We can relinquish our time and possessions, and we can even relinquish our fellow worshippers’ values.
If you do so, stay joyful, and Jehovah will bless you in your place.
The spirit of Jehovah advised the brothers to work hard to observe the ministry and elders, and, at the same time, they could work with Jehovah.
If you are preparing for this opportunity, then the type of self-sacrificing will help others learn more about physics and about spirit.
Have the elders asked him whether to overse or not, how to overse, how to overse, the state of congregation ministry, or how to change the Kingdom Hall?
Those who volunteered for such a job were convinced that living on the street will help others to think about it.
Volunteers for unity in the ministry will find many new stories ( See chapter 11)
What have the reactions to a sister during the pregnancy contributed to her?
Let us take a look into Sister Margie’s example.
A total of 18 years [18] have been dedicated to observance of the Kingdom Halls.
It is the name of the young girls, and it is now the name of the job.
Sister Margie recognizes that she has been able to receive encouragement from her fellow worshippers.
For example, when facing difficult circumstances, he was encouraged by an elderly spirit.
Have you ever tried to get rid of yourself for a case like this?
And regardless of how you are studying or studying, can you volunteer?
How can I provide support to those affected by this disaster?
Another way of believing is that we continue to support our fellow worshippers in the event of natural disasters.
For example, the brothers are providing support to those affected by the disasters.
What else can be done is to assist with the cleanup efforts in the affected areas or to clean the damaged areas.
For example, the home of Sister Gabriela, who was originally from the Polish-language field, was damaged by floodwaters.
He stated: “I don’t worry about my loss, it’s really something, it’s something.
Well, let me understand my questions.
What has happened to me has strengthened my conviction that there is nothing like this God’s organization and that will give me a lot of joy. ”
The company has also received the assistance of the sister.
All the volunteers for Jehovah will have peace of mind and joy.—Read Acts 20:35, 2 Corinthians 9:6, 7.
When we vote for self-sacrificing, how will this create a stronger relationship with Jehovah?
Say a example.
Sister Stephanie and other publishers are deeply saddened and saddened to continue to serve Jehovah more effectively.
They are often searching their homes and taking away the needed supplies.
Stephanie recalls: “Their self-sacrificing experience is a very different aspect of our brotherhood.
The families always felt that we were caring for them, but the local truth is that they did more than we did.
And it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it is, and it
14, 15. ( a) What does the spirit of Isaiah show?
( b) How can we take the example of Aisha today?
Will we trust in Jehovah?
Would you go to serve where you are living?
It is true that you should not even go where you can to serve Jehovah.
However, some brothers and sisters have volunteered to go nearby to serve in the neighborhood.
They had such a spirit like the Isaiah.
When he asked Isaiah, he said, “Who will be my mind and what will be for us?”
Isaiah responded: “I am that!
Remembering me!”
Would you get to serve yourself where you are elsewhere?
What can you do to get wrong?
Regarding how Jesus becomes a supporter, he recalls: “Happy, but a few were the servants.
So, you are the Secretary-General of the Federation to send the workers free in the army. ”
Would you go as a pastor - a way in which you are living or how you helped another person to fit?
Some brothers and sisters believe that the best way to demonstrate that they have one’s love for one another is to have one’s love for one another.
Have you found some other ways to do so much for Jehovah’s religion?
It's nothing - it's sure you'll be in the presence of you.
16, 17.
What can you do to give a lot to Jehovah’s religion?
Would you serve in Bethel or help all the dignitaries of Jehovah’s organization?
You can walk for a while or even walk in to worship.
God’s organization needs always those who can work wherever we need them and who can do whatever we need them.
Yet, Jehovah enjoys the spirit of impunity — one — to the fulfillment of his worship everywhere when no one is.— Sm.
110 : 3.
Would you like to renounce your religious life and become more authoritarian?
If so, you could get the Photo of The Kingdom Hall of the Kingdom Evangelizers.
Some of our brothers and sisters who are authoritarian in this Lagos State are temporarily staying in the preaching sector and are temporarily staying in the preaching sector.
All the volunteers for the ride will be able to perform their best after the ride.
How can you go to the Hall of Evangelical Dignity for more in Jehovah’s ministry?—1 Corinthians.
9 : 23.
What will benefit us from working with Jehovah every day?
Because we are Jehovah, people’s minds come up.
That is why we continue to love people and encourage them because we have their love.
When we are doing well, we are feeling joyful and our heart is calm.
Therefore, if we are loyal to Jehovah, we are certain that we will remain joyful and faithful to him!—Proverbs 3 : 9, 10.
© 2018 Watch Tower Bible and Tract Society of Pennsylvania
INITIAL PHOTO:
A circuit overseer and his wife traveled - a trip to another congregation for visit.
They took out books, photographic words, vocabulary - voice and most of their dreams survived.
CAFETY
ROAD LIBRARY
INITIAL REPORT ( 2017 )
This publication is a nothing.
It is part of a worldwide Bible education project that has been supported by our dear brothers.
For more information, visit our website www.jw.org / yo.
If it is not correct, all of the verses in the New World Translation have been translated.
“When someone asks for advice, he is one of the most noble things in the day.”—Proverbs 18: 13.
NPFL: 126, 95
Why don't we know if a blood transfusion is true for us or something else?
How can we endure with Jesus when our own conscience is unnecessary?
What are the three Bible principles to help us determine when we accept any release?
1, 2, ( a) What should and why should we have to do with a Christian family?
( b) What will we consider in this article?
OCCUPATIONAL HAZARDS THAT HAS ARRIVED!
Because, both Satani and the worst-hit world can curb our mind and heart if we do not despair.
Therefore, in order to make a judgment on a judgment, it is necessary to see the truth about the judgment.
Proverbs 18:13 states, “when a person responds to a counsel before he comes to his hearing, he is rusty and rusty. ”
In this article, we will consider things that help to see a false false story about a false one.
We will also examine the Bibles’ principles that help us to solve this tragedy, and take a look at examples of how we proceed with this tragedy.
Why should I not give me the advice from Proverbs 14:15?
(See picture below this list. )
Yaogo - the yaogo is now in place.
Are you interested in commenting on television and newspapers?
Not only is it possible for us to be contacted by phone users but also by phone users.
It should be especially severe - since today it is better for the people to give an unprecedented release, that is why we should look into the mentality of every one we believe in.
What can you think of the Bible principles?
Proverbs 14:15 explains: “Happy is the one who has every mistake, but good is thinking about every mistake. ”
How can you find something in Philippians 4:8, 9 if we choose what to read?
(See the box “ Some Of The Places That Possess Power. ” )
In order to make a correct decision on a guilt, we need to give a accurate information about the guilt.
Therefore, it is necessary to distinguish the type of reports that will be checked and read.
(Read Philippians 4 : 8, 9. )
We should not always be focused on releasing false stories, and we should not listen to rare reports from the media.
And most importantly, we will rely on the critics of the ransacked ransack.
The killers are coming from what we are doing and what we are doing and what we are doing and what we are doing.
However, we should never have dreamed of any limitations that uncertain information can give us.
There is also the possibility to continue to come and make decisions peacefully.—1 Timothy.
6:20, 21.
What are the benefits of Jehovah’s organization that helps us to learn more about religious doctrine?
UPDATE? : The webpage jw.org will highlight the situation of our brothers and sisters worldwide, as well as the important policies of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
UPDATE: This section of jw.org website provides accurate information about violating a religious law and providing assistance in the event of natural disasters.
JW TV: The TV channel will awareness of the tragedies of our brothers around the world.
What is the latest information that the Israelites have received and what helped them to do?
If we accept a reliable opinion, the support is not good.
A similar case occurred during the Mosque period. A total of ten of the Twelve people who fled to the island of Ilerians made this known without acclaim.
Recent reports of self-censorship and uncertainty caused violent attacks on Israel’s brutal persecution.
Why did the Israelites trust?
When the group was replaced with bad news, they were able to think that they were talking the truth.
He could not relent in the positive stories of the men who trusted in him—Josua and Kalejuba.
In lieu of answering the truth and putting trust in Jehovah, they refused to accept the bad news.
You have never seen that this is a stupidity!
Why should we not continue to believe in what is not right about Jehovah’s people?
It should be very painful — if we hear any news about Jehovah’s people.
The Bible says that Satani is always a guilty one of Jehovah’s servants.
Jesus warned us that our opponents would “feel all sort of bad things” about us.
When we deal with this crisis, it’s an inescapable experience to have something negative about ourselves, Jehovah’s people.
What are the questions that should be asked to send another information?
Would you like trying to send all the information that you had seen to your parents?
However, it seems like her opinion is similar to the one-year-old journalist who seems like an abridged story.
Well, before giving him a phone call, he asked himself: ‘Aren’t you convinced me that this is a phone call?’
Have I ever seen the truth?’’
If you are not certain of the reason you are sending messages to our brothers, it may have been revealed that false stories are spreading.
So if a phone call isn't overwhelming you, you can throw it out of your phone instead of sending messages to others.
What have the opponents done in some institutions, and how can we keep these opponents alive?
There is another threat when we are attempting to bring about unsupervised information to others.
For example, there are several institutions that have banned our preaching work.
Our opponents in various parts of the country can only use anti-graft agents to be afraid of coming out and not to de-escalate our brothers.
The same situation with our brothers during the Soviet Union.
The KGB security agencies are standing to disregard the mistakes, saying the brothers in the front lines have disregarded the religious system and condemned the religious community.
* Sadly, it has been confirmed by the state officials as they rejected the feud.
Although their family returned to religious organizations later in the years, some people were not returned to religious organizations because they had no knowledge of their heritage.
Why should we not allow such a situation to happen to us?
If you are living in a false or false situation about our brothers or sisters, you are not going to solve such a false situation.
Those who do not believe in him are all witnessing, therefore, make sure that he sees the fulfillment of every witness you believe in him.
What else might have you tried to get rid of the price?
There are also reports of unprecedented release.
Such transfusions make it difficult to see an opponent.
If there are still reports of fatalities, what can you do? — Efe.
4 : 14.
Why did some Nigerians decide to go to war with their fellow worshippers, why did they not get to war?
Let us take a look into the situation of Israelis who lived on the western river basin during the Josua era.
They believe that Rubenini and Gadi and the rest of the prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing prevailing.
Though the truth is that they are wise, they still do not know exactly why they are wise.
The western Israelites feel that the western Israelites have cared for worship and sacrifice to Jehovah, and they are willing to go to war with them.
(Read Josiah 22 : 9 - 12. )
Stop killing us, doing what is good.
Where is the voice?
They realized that not because the masses living in the west were able to be martyrs at the same time, but because they knew that to be in the memory.
This will encourage supporters to feel Jehovah’s name.
It is certain that the brothers will be joyful aware of the truth from the judgment. Even if it is said that their brothers have been attacked, the punishment will no longer occur!
(a) Why did Daphidi return the home for Mefibotsi?
(b) Why should Dafidi be wrong?
Those who accept such guilt can give up what they believe in us.
Watch the case with Daphidi and Mefibotiti.
Dáfidi showed joy and sadness to Mefibotiti, and he gave him all the homes of Sololua father-father.
It has not always been a long time for Mefibothy’s experience on Dafidi.
Regarding what is happening in this case, he recalled what is happening in this case and recalled what is happening in this case.
Eventually, when Dafidi and Mefibothi were gathered, Dafidi realized that there was a mistake, he recovered from 20 Mefibothi.
Though Dafidi did not interfere with his identity before determining his identity to protect his identity, he is unwilling for Mefibothy.
12, 13. ( a) What did Jesus do when Jehovah became one of Jehovah’s Witnesses?
(b) How can we become proud of ourselves?
What do you want to do if your people are so isolated?
Remembering that the relationship between Jesus and John Onibatissi was impossible.
(Read Matthew 11:18, 19. )
What did Jesus do?
In lieu of advocating self-determination, he appealed to those affected by the injury he and the injury he suffered.
Jesus says, “We show good things through these things. ”—Matthew.
11:19.
We can take note of what Jesus says.
Because people are able to see us unsupervised or insulting us in some cases.
It may be like to defend one another and make them feel that we are wrong.
Well, we have something to do.
We can live our life in a way that clearly shows that we were killed by the man.
Without a sincerity — the example of Jesus is that with respect to a Christian believer, no one will recover from any religious beliefs.
14, 15.
What can you say if you are relying on our own?
It is not easy for a person to see the veracity of an error.
The inapproval may even lead to difficulty coping with the values of the document.
We can serve Jehovah for another year, look forward to it, and see how well he lives in this society.
People can check for us because we know what we do to solve the truth.
Although we are worried, these critical issues can challenge us.
On what way?
You can stop thinking that we are loyal and that we have nothing to solve.
This can cause us to have a sense of self-sacrificing and a sense of self-sacrificing when we walk to the streets.
You can think that no idea can be resolved even if you can't understand the summons of the idea.
It will be very dangerous for you - you!
We are encouraged by the Bible’s strength to remain reliable on our own.—Proverbs 3:5, 6 ; 28: 26.
Why don't you eat a meal and where is Brother Tom's mind?
Let us take a picture of this structure.
On one day, an elder who had been waiting for Tom in a restaurant, became surprised when he met with Brother John, an elder who was unwilling, and another woman who was not married.
Tom realized that they were both marching — and they were playing, and even huging each other.
You are very convinced of this.
When Brother Tom arrived, he thought, ‘Why can’t Brother John leave his wife?’
Why should I find my wife guilty?
Have their children lost suffering?
One thing is that Brother Tom has seen some of the victims of the crime.
If you are on the street, how would you feel?
Where is Tom back, and what can you tell us?
Stop killing us.
Although Tom seems to have Brother John lost his wife, how did he really do?
On his arrest, Tom contacted John.
John explained to Tom that the woman was very proud of her and that they had seen every three weeks.
Because he could not get ready to meet at that moment.
She says her wife is willing to meet them in the areas, but she says it is difficult to find them in the areas.
Look at the end of Tom, assuring him that he will be happy that he has not reacted to others about his thoughts.
What is this for us?
It should be noticed that if we do not give up, if we do not give up, we can do not give up.
What can we do when we become one of our brothers?
If there is an idiosyncrasy in the congregation, it is easy to make decisions about him if we do not believe in him.
If we are looking at the same location, then we can look forward to it.
If we find something inappropriate about that person, we can fully believe it is true.
What is our concern?
When we become one of our brothers, we may seem to be one who is unwavering because of the unwavering testimony we have learned about them.
Our brothers should not be intimidated or encouraged, since if we do so, we could remain faithful to them if we do so.
In lieu of worrying about our fellow worshippers, we trust in them and driving them from heart.—Colossians 3:12 - 14.
19, 20,. ( a) What are the principles of the Bible that can be overcome by the search for truth?
( b) What can we consider in the text text?
Today, there are no injustice and no injustice among others. Likewise, the system requires more injustice and better decision-making methods.
What will help us in this case?
There are several Bible principles to think about.
For example, a Bible principle states that conscience depends on a dilapidated basis, causing unnecessary loss of lives.
Another Bible standard states that witnessing is good for one’s beliefs.
In conclusion, despite the years we have been in the authoritarian field, we must work hard to stay faithful to our values.
It is difficult to imagine — the Bible principles protect us because we always seek to explore what is happening in the truth, to make what is happening and to make what is happening.
Well, there is another thing to do, that is to give up the spirit.
In the next chapter, we’ll see the reasons for the loss of lives, the reasons for the loss of lives.
See the 2004 Witnesses’ Annual Scriptures, letters 111 to 112 in English, and the 2008 Annual Scriptures, letters 133 to 135 in English.
7 : 24.
NPFL: 142, 123
Acts 10:34, 35
Léphitique 19:15
1 Timothy 4:12
What is the truth that Isaiah says about Jesus and why does this remain peaceful?
AISIA delivered a peaceful talk about our Lord Jesus Christ.
According to him, Jesus will not “tackle on the basis of whatever appears to be overwhelmed or overwhelmed, instead of giving him a better relationship with what he wants.”
He said, on the other hand, that “there will be justice for the righteous.”
Why does this turn up in peace?
Because in a world where human rights is greater and there is something to do.
So we all look forward to the time when justice of Jesus Christ will come true, because he will not despair about it!
What has been the responsibility of Jesus for us and what can we consider in this text?
Others have a lot of thoughts about us.
But since we are not such a perfidious person as Jesus, our opinions about others are not too positive.
In the meantime, what we see determines what we think of a person.
While Jesus is on the earth, he commanded: “Resignation from the joy of today, but resignation from the justice of today. ”
This shows that Jesus permits him to endure, in order not to be inspired to determine who he is.
In this article, we will consider three aspects of the individual’s choice.
They are the same issues either country or country, as far as you do, both price and price.
3, 4. ( a) What were the reasons for the retreat of Peter’s apostle from his opinion on non-Jehovah?
(See the picture below. ) ( b) What is the new value that Jehovah has given Peter?
She assured her that there would be so many arguments on the part of Peter’s apostle when he would be transported to the Colonial House of Kesare.
Because Colonialism is not a Juve.
The youths believe that the youths who did not believe that Jesus was a genius, and that same idea was made by Peter.
The unusual circumstances brought about Peter’s return.
For example, he saw a tremendous boost.
One voice from the spirit commanded him: “Go, Peter, kill, and be!”
Of course, Peter is a three-story organization that has nothing to do.
On every occasion, the voice told him to “continue scraping what Jehovah has seen in the forest. ”
When Peter became involved, he continued to criticize the spirit, which led to the neutrality of the colonialism.
He was gifted by a holy spirit to move them to the Colonial district, and he promised.
Though Peter refused to give his back, he assured him that he would not have the colonial home.
Because the Juve people are not the homes of those who are Juve.
Then why did Peter turn the kidnapping into your heart?
The spirit he has received and the spirit he has given he has changed his attitude.
After Peter heard the explanation, Colonius insisted: “Jehovah is not a continuous one, but a nation-language one, who is afraid and serving freedom for him. ”
It is sure that this new chain will join Peter very much - an!
How does this new chain affect us today?
(a) How does Jehovah allow all Christian people to understand?
(b) What can we still feel in our minds despite our precautions?
Jehovah used Peter to convince all of us Christians that he is not a past.
In Jehovah, all of us regardless of the country we have come from, race or language, are the same.
Whoever feels of God and does values, whether male or female, will be trusting in Jehovah.
We are certain that this verdict is true.
What does it all mean that there is violence and kidnapping where we live in the oldest parts of the world?
We can think that we are not consistent in making it possible for us to remain humanitarian.
For instance, even though Peter was used by Jehovah to convince people that he was no longer a presence, Peter himself incarcerated those who at the time did not serve as Jesus.
How can we trust in Jesus’ commandment and remain positive?
(a) What should be the reason for the suicide in our heart?
(b) What can you see in the story of a brother who is deaf?
Sometimes, we can ask at least one trusting person to tell us that we have humanity, because we ourselves can disappoint them.
It's an epitome of pain, and it's an idiosyncrasy.
This spirit is able to overflow our hearts and feelings.
For example, a deceased brother writes stories about a deceased couple who is doing well in an early stage of worship.
The husband came from an unpleasant circumstance.
The brother’s father, who wrote the story, noticed that he self-sacrificed the persecution.
In his remark, the brother explains positive aspects of the husband, concluding: “While suffering [some] is already coming, people are felt that when it comes to suffering [the suffering] is well-attended, it is not enough to have a deer or to live such a life as those who come to suffering. ” And you can’t see anything!
What has happened to us?
Regardless of how we are doing and how we have opportunities, we should look for each other and work together to encourage others to save our mind and heart.
What else can we do?
What can we do if we trust in him?
If we want our hearts to live strongly, we have the power to win the tribulation of our hearts.
Are your citizens, group members, or people who use the same language often in your homes?
If it weren't, you might find it better to work again.
Some of the things you can do is showcase or call in your home with people from different backgrounds.
If you do, you have a lot of things to do, and you have a lot of things to do, you have a lot of things to do.
But in some cases, it is usher in determining who you are.
This is the second point we have to discuss.
According to Léphiticus 19:15, why should we pray for?
How much a person can earn to get rid of him or look forward to it.
Lephesians 19:15 says: “You should not give up to anyone who is difficult, you should not give up to anyone who is big.
It’s just a grassroots attack on your neighborhood.”
What does it all mean to be wrong?
What did Solomon say in truth and what did we see in the owl?
On inspired occasions, Solomon revealed a false story about our disadvantaged people.
In Proverbs 14:20, he says: “From the other, an unjust person is an hatred, but the good news is a lot. ”
Where is the owl?
If we do not despair, may we have the opportunity to meet the dear brothers and sisters and give joy to those who do not have the power.
Of course, it is difficult to deal with someone who is determined to make sure that he is.
What is the problem? What is the problem? What is the problem?
If, on the other hand, one can afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford.
Sadly, these circumstances have caused disappointment in some congregations in the last two decades - February.
(Read Jacob 2 : 1 - 4. )
We rejoice and refuse to accept this opinion because it may cause congregation disappointment.
But what can we do not allow us to accept this thought in our heart?
Will there be some who will decide on how to celebrate with Jehovah?
explained.
Jehovah’s eyes on our fellow worshippers should be looked after.
And regardless of how godly and loyal persecution he is, he is making sure that Jehovah is proud of him.
And regardless of how we do or how we disappoint him, he will decide to draw closer to Jehovah.
In truth, Jesus says that it will “be difficult for the worship of God’s Kingdom,” but he does not believe that God’s Kingdom will be abandoned.
On the other hand, Jesus says: “Many of you are true, because you are the Kingdom of Jehovah.”
Of course, this does not guarantee that all the tears will suffer from Jesus’ prophecy and will receive the true blessing.
Though Jesus is not the rest of the clergy.
To summarize, regardless of the whether one is solitary or not, he is determined to have a close relationship with Jehovah.
What is the meaning of the Bible for all of us, whether we are good or not?
We are happy that we have some of our brothers and sisters, a goodwill and a strong faithful, who serve fully in Jehovah.
The Scriptures encourage the Bible “to keep their hopes loyal, as not God”.
(Read 1 Timothy 6:17 - 19. )
On the same occasion, the Bible advised all of us to pray for the sale of money in the marketplace, in the marketplace, in the marketplace or in the marketplace.
It is no doubt — that as we look at our brothers as Jehovah persecutes, we will not have to do so at the cost of who they are.
What do you have in your body?
Should we tell you about the age of one when you decide who you are?
Let us take a look.
What does the Bible say about Bible examination for the elderly people?
The Bible continues to care for the needs of the elderly people.
Lephesians 19:32, “Stop in front of you, showing prosperity to the neighbor, and fear your heavenly spirit.”
Proverbs 16:31, “Good morning, good night, good night, good night, good night, good night, good night, good night.”
Meanwhile, Paul advised Timothy not to show mankind misconduct through his sincerity but to look at mankind misconduct like his father.
Although Timothy has great authority on these men’s elderly behavior, he continues to check for them and benefit them.
When will you get obligated to give the most of you a living?
Whom do we find the oldest ever to be involved in the crime or incumbency of Jehovah’s hatred?
One thing is that Jehovah isn't too stressful, even though nobody has ever convinced him that he will keep his work firm.
Let us recall the standard of Isaiah 65:20: “More than a hundred years ago, we called for a look at it. ”
The same structure was embellished in the spirit of Isaac.
Therefore, what should always be in our mind and heart is having to look for Jehovah the Almighty One.
When we take this attention, we will not be afraid to give someone what is worthy of doing. — Gál.
6 : 1.
Are you looking for men?
(See paragraph 15)
What can you see in one of the posters of Paul when it comes to examining the youngest brothers?
The men in the congregation are pregnant, how do we look for them?
The apostle Paul advised Timothy, who was a judge: “No person must see his son alive.
And on top of that, I am a example for organizers in sickness, in joy, in joy, in joy, in joy, in joy, in joy.”
It may seem to have Timothy worked for over 30 years when Paul accepted the relief work.
However, Paul has a great assignment to care for himself in the congregation.
The focus on this Paul's message is clear.
We cannot see the obscurity of the men because they are so isolated.
Though Jesus was at the age of 30, just a little bit of worse on the earth.
16, 17,. ( a) What are the origins of the elders when they decide whether a brother must take the test of servant or elder?
( b) How can our opinion or culture overcome the Scriptural precedent?
In some schools, young people are often being cared for.
Local elders may not advocate young people to serve as servants or elders.
But all the elders should be assured that the Scriptures should not be used to mention anyone’s name as preaching to the ministry, the ministry, or the ministry.
If an elder is guilty of traditional values, it means that such a elder is not guilty of the Scriptural values.
It is not our own idea, not our traditional culture, that our young people look only to be tested, but to rely on Bible principles.—2 Timothy.
3:16, 17.
If the elders are using their own mental or local culture to accommodate young people, the privilege is to take advantage of the worshippers’ worship.
For instance, in a nation-language field, there is a nation-language heritage, so the elders gave her priorities to the congregation.
Although the elders accepted that the boy was subjected to physical abuse in accordance with the Scriptural principles, he remains an atheist.
Some elders among them say the brother is still young and others can see that he is younger to become elders.
Well, you can’t see, they can’t care for the brother because he is very young!
Although we take this as a example, news reports indicate that there is a similar opinion worldwide.
You may not see that it is important — whether we use the Scriptural principles in place of our opinion or of a traditional culture that we share in the homes of our brothers.
It is the only way we can accept the authority of Jesus to avoid injustice.
18, 19.
What should we do to view others as Jehovah persecutes?
Despite our injustice, we continue to look at others as Jehovah persecutes.
This spirit takes strength and strength to rely on the spiritual values we are receiving.
When we are holding these memorable aspects, we will continue to rely on Jesus’ commandment not to give no injustice.—John 7:24.
We are happy that our God, Jesus Christ, will soon rescue the whole world, and we are happy that he will not rescue the spirit, not the spirit, not the spirit.
I'm sure that this would be the time of culmination!
A HISTORIC HISTORIC
Commenting on Maxim Danyleyko
I am 89 years old — and so the group members of the young ones in Bethel often call me “ Dade, ” or “ Father. ”
I am very pleased with those stereotypes.
I think it’s the same way that I have been punished by Jehovah for the 72 years that I have been involved in this major religious activity.
I have had some unique experience in this field, which meant that I can firmly tell the young ones that Jehovah will punish them without any compensation.—2 Chronicles 15:7.
My parents lived in a city of Rossburn, located in the state of Manitoba, Canada.
Interestingly, my mother was not an abnormality.
I love the Bible and read it to us every Sunday morning.
They believe that it is — and it is what religious leaders do, and even think, “Why do they compensate Jesus for his preaching work?”
Later, six of my brothers were red and the two brothers lost their lives.
A pioneer - the way I love is the rose.
Until he died, he urged others to read the Bible, saying, “I want to see you in a new world.”
On one occasion, my fellow man engaged in a special preaching campaign on the evening, until Sunday morning was able to preach online.
It is very difficult to imagine how many of our brothers live in the wildfires.
But later, she was also a Witness activist.
I remembered that in June 1944, I arrived from a new school and found a book on the table, The Coming World Regeneration.
* When I read the original and second letters, I noticed that I could not leave the letter.
When I read the book, I decided to take the example of Jesus and honor him.
Then I asked, how did the book reach our table?
My husband, Steve, told me that two of the men who “tacked” the book came to our house.
He says: “I’m sorry because he has nothing to do.”
When Sunday came after, the men came to our apartment.
They informed us that they were one of Jehovah’s Witnesses and that they responded to questions from others with the Bible.
We are happy that our parents had filled our heavenly minds with this message.
Both men also informed us that Jehovah’s Witnesses would hold a regional convention in Winnipeg, and I remember that my wife, Elsie, lives in a neighborhood.
So I decided to go.
Around 320 kilometers (235 mi) from Winnipeg, I was leaving a walk from the building.
I lived here in Kelwood because there were two Witnesses who lived in our homes.
And I went to their meetings while I was with them, where I already knew what the congregation called.
I also confident that all of us should preach from house to house like Jesus, whether men or women, children or adults.
When I arrived at Winnipeg, I met with my son, Jack, who is from Ontario north, for the convention.
Prior to that convention, one brother announced that people could be baptized.
I and Jack were baptized at that convention and we both decided to love the ministry — a way immediately after being baptized.
After the convention, Jack recognized himself as a primary religious person.
I can't work quickly because I am 16 and I will return to the school.
I and Stan Nicolson enjoy a past job - one in Souris, Manitoba.
It’s not that I realized that you were a pioneer — the way was not easy.
Thankfully, all of our money was destroyed, and the land was destroyed.
I remember a ride that was running from the street to the street, where it was coming — and we didn't afford any money.
So when we arrived, we were surprised that we had a great meals in our way!
Until the day of the deceased, no one was identified.
On that night, we felt like a baby.
You can only see how Jehovah has done to us because we do not believe in our religion.
But it was worse than I did that month.
Shortly after the month, the ceremony was held in Gilbert Plains, about 150 miles north of Souris.
At that time, none of our congregations were tapping a big foundation on the basis of their monthly message.
At the end of the meeting, an elderly sister who was a pioneer — a truck with a non-Witness road — came to meet me with water and told me: “I have a little bit of effort, I can only do it. ”
Lomi had insulted me and urged me to give up. That helped me to see how young volunteer brothers could face injuries and be joyful.
You may even feel like they are very innocent.
But the experiences I have had helped me to feel that our actions should not influence Jehovah’s religion.
However, it is necessary to take a little bit of time from the incident and take measures to prevent it from taking place.
If he is not guilty, he is sure that Jehovah is guilty.
I had the opportunity to go to 14 kílasses [14] of the Greek Lagos and I traveled some time in February 1950.
A total of 25 people, including 4 of our brothers and sisters, were sent to Quebec, Canada.
The French language is widely spoken throughout the country, and the local community is persecuting the Witnesses.
Val-d’Or is the only city in the world to be abandoned.
During a preaching campaign in the city of Val-Senneville, the local elders threatened us to see if we do not want to leave the city immediately.
I then took the money to the court, the court found it guilty and asked him to pay.
*
The incident, as well as the others, was part of our quarter-finals in Quebec.
Over 300 years since the Catholic Church dominated the city of Quebec, therefore, politicians and politicians live alive and see the existence of Jehovah’s Witnesses.
It was a very difficult time - for us.
Although we are Witnesses, we are no longer free.
Over time, some people are still missing.
I had the opportunity to share the Bible’s message with others and go true.
I owned a family, with ten in the family, all of whom were Jehovah’s Witnesses.
The confidence he has given to them the courage to leave the Catholic Church, and others consider it with their example.
Despite our reactions, we continue to preach and successfully rejoice!
In 1956, I was offered another service in Haiti.
It is not easy for candidates to qualify for the national language to speak French, it is not easy for candidates to qualify for the national language to speak French.
Brother Stanley Boggus, who served on the facility, comments: “We were so surprised by how people came to speak the language. ”
However, I speak French because I have served in Quebec.
There is no evidence that the Creole language is based on the Haiti language that is spoken by local Witnesses.
In fact, we are now obligated to use the language as a preaching agent.
We learned the language, and Jehovah blessed us.
In order to enhance the spiritual capacity of the brothers, the Governing Body agreed to translate the House and other Creole editions into the Haiti language.
It seems like this was a huge concern for the delegates.
There are 99 publishers in Haiti in 1950, but as early as 1960, more than 800!
During this time of visit, I was serving Bethel.
In 1961, I refused to be one of the leaders of the ECHR and formed about 40 special pioneers and pioneers.
By means of the conventions held in January 1962, our brothers were called on to adhere to their religious doctrine and not just to have them in a special way.
This is what we do in the past because we have never had such persecution.
On January 23, 1962, just after we arrived at a regional convention, the police arrested me and a manager, Mr. Andrew D’Amico.
January 8, 1962 (in French).
Crack the paper!
This highlighted evidence from a recent French newspaper that said people living in Haiti would be threatened by the demolition.
Some people hate this and say that our branch has written the document.
Just a few weeks later, the ministers were displaced - that language.
* Thank you to the brothers who are dealing with this difficult situation.
Today, when I remember the way they suffered and the way their condition was not warm, I have something to do.
Now, having the New World Translation of the Holy Scriptures in the Haiti-language Creole, we do not think that this would be the case.
After this, I became a minister in the country - Central African Republic.
Later I was defined as a traveler — a traveler — and now I have not become a branch manager.
The homes that did not sustain sustain sustainable damage were then served as Kingdom Halls.
I also used to cry and cry, and I used to cry.
I have to cry about those around me who are crying about me who are crying about me who are crying about me who are crying about me who are crying about me.
This caused the brothers and sisters to closely monitor the work of their Kingdom Halls.
Some religious leaders are often making this because their church members are subjected to violent clampdowns, which we use as a hypocrite.
However, we are not stopping, we are still covertly covertly covertly covertly covertly covertly covertly.
On one day a tornado struck the capital city of Bangui.
The storm caused widespread destruction to our Kingdom Halls, as did all who came to do so.
However, a new branch office and a ministerial building were constructed in the course of five months – until the campaign was completed.
*
The dream of marriage
In 1976, when the Central African Republic banned our administration, I was sent to N’Djamena, the capital of the Chad republic.
I’ve met with a happy sister from Cameroon, a dedicated pioneer from Cameroon.
We were married on April 1, 1978.
The whole month - it was the fasting day in the country - the language, and we fled to the southern part of the country - the language.
When the war ended, we returned to our home and found out that our home was damaged by a group of activists.
All of the publications that we have kept in house were distributed, including the Happy wedding dress, as well as the gifts that we have given to the wedding.
We do not despair, we do not despair, we do not despair, we do not despair, we do not despair, we do not despair.
Approximately two years later, the Central African Republic removed the ban.
We return home, and we need to be one of Jehovah’s Witnesses – our journey.
Everything that we have has to do is enough, a large portion of 200 liters (approx. 85 mph), one ruble, and one ruble (approx. 85 mph).
It was not easy to travel - the journey was then.
I remember that one time we traveled - a tour, there were more than 117 times that we were arrested by the police.
The landslide is even more than 50 percent of Celsius.
During a special convention, we never had enough water to baptize us.
As a result, brothers will go through a river system that will allow them to see a little bit of water to be used for worship, instead of one minute in bed.
In 1980, we were transferred to Nigeria - language.
We are working in a new branch facility and we have worked for two and a half years in this facility.
The brothers have bought two elderly residential buildings to be confiscated and moved another home to be confiscated.
On one night, I climbed the floor of the building to clean it.
But as I continue to cry in the dark days, it’s really funny!
I talked with him from above and from above.
Even after a check-in, the doctor told my wife: “Do not be afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were afraid, you were af
The memory of attending a convention
In 1986, Jehovah’s organization also served as a tourist-national - Costa d’Ivoire.
We are always staying in the country - Burkina Faso.
I can only imagine a long-term rest in Burkina Faso.
When we work as a domestic overseer - travel
I had to leave Canada in 1956 and in 2003—just 47 years later—just in the Canadian Bethelites.
Although on the letter, we are Canadians, the African country does not leave our minds.
I’m conducting a Bible workshop in Burkina Faso
Since 2007, God’s organization has also turned home - Burkina Faso, Africa.
I was 79 years old then and a member of the National Council — the language.
Since August 2013, he has been appointed to serve in the Benin Bethelites.
I and Happy, while serving at the Benin branch office
Despite my health condition, I am still interested in the work of preaching.
With their help, over the past three years, two of the readers of the Gedeon and Frégis Bible books have been baptized.
They are both preaching to Jehovah.
Today, at the South Africa branch, I’m working with my wife, I’m working with my wife, I know that my wife is working with me.
You’ll be surprised that South Africa is the country — the seventh language I have served in Africa.
And through October 2017, Jehovah continued to bless him in his prayers.
Jehovah’s organization is calling for a world headquarters in Warwick, New York.
My life is very tragic!
The Book of Annual Scriptures 255 states: “For all those who have endured a remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remarkable remark
15 : 7.”
My wife was determined to accept this advice and encourage others to do so.
Jehovah’s Witnesses built it in 1944 and does not exist now.
See the article “ Quebec Priest Convicted for Attack on Jehovah’s Witnesses ” in Jiji!
November 8, 1953 in English, letters 3 to 5.
For more information on the project, see the 1994 Annual Scriptures of Jehovah’s Witnesses in English, page 148-150.
See the article, “ Building on a Solid Foundation ” in Jí!, May 8, 1966, in English, page 27.
shock
Responding
SAFIA
fuelling
HERE
HAZARDS
OCCUPATION
HAZARDS
INITIAL REPORT - INITIAL REPORT
It is important — regardless of how calm and quiet Jehovah is — to give even more attention to the incidents we are “with the ultimate trials” in the face of difficult circumstances.
That means that there are scientists — the one — alone, those who cannot afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford to afford.
Such individuals are often hypocrite and are often not hypocrite.
Then he should conclude: ‘Aren’t I also an atheist like the people of the earth?’
What did he prove to be painful?
What can I do to give me to survive?”
In the Bible, the idea is either to strive or survive to endure a difficult situation.
Those who survive are going to end difficult situations and are expected to continue to work well.
Those who survive are not alone, but also the ones who survive, including those who caused the problem.
Therefore, if someone suffers from a suffering body, he will be suffering instead of suffering from a suffering body, hoping that he and the other person will continue to improve.
A Bible-trained version of the Bible expresses “sincere discontent” or “sincere discontent” about the characteristics of the Bible.
* To date, “sacrificing” is one of the aspects that the Bible describes as “the source of spirit.”
But who should have been able to have this characteristic?
In order to survive, we pray that Jehovah will continue to supply our heavenly spirit.
And she is certain that Jehovah will continue to supply this holy spirit to those who trust in him.
Despite our spiritual strength, our prayers continue to be fulfilled.
That means us need to keep our best with everything that we are doing on the streets.
What else can you help in this case?
Another opportunity to pray is to endure the examples of Jesus’ prophecy.
It makes it clear that “sacrificing” or “sacrificing” is a part of a new values, and it encourages us to “may the peace of Christ be preserved in our hearts – [the].”
We can allow this peace to “regard” our heart as Jesus, and we believe that Jehovah will keep things in time.
We continue to endure with Jesus, and nothing will survive beyond space.—John 14: 27; 16: 33.
Even though it is now possible to see a new world promised by Jehovah, where we think of his distressing reason, we will also suffer.
We are confident that: “Jehovah does not rise to anything according to his promise, as though some people have read - something - false, but he is patriotic for you because no one may be destroyed but for everyone to be distressed. ”
When we think of Jehovah’s continued patience, we think of others like him.
Well, what can you say if you are suffering?
Sometimes we have something to do with each other, something to do with each other to do with each other.
You can, for instance, give someone a particular sense of conscience, which means that, if you endured such a sense of conscience, it means that, if you endured such a sense of conscience, it means that, if you endured such a sense of conscience, it means that, if you endured such a sense of conscience, you endured such a sense of conscience, if you endured such a sense of conscience, you endured such a sense of conscience, if you endured such a sense of conscience.
Though we are identified as one of our fellow worshippers, we are identified as one of our fellow worshippers.
In lieu of insulting on him, it is necessary to think about the support of Jehovah and Jesus who are supporting us in the face of this difficult situation.
It does not relent in errors or errors that we have done, only look at the right place and feel painful for us as we attempt to fix it.—1 Timothy.
1 : 16 ; 1 Pete.
3 : 12.
The other thing that may be difficult for us is when someone says we do something wrong.
Such an egregious attitude could resist and defend ourselves.
The Senate has stated what to be done in this situation.
He says: “Spiritually, you are far more conscientious.
Don’t worry about your souls, because it has rested on the streets of people.”
So, even if the deceased killed us, we still need to worry about it.
That was what Jesus did when some said about it was not right. — Mat.
11:19.
Parents should survive if their children are dealing with difficult circumstances or if they are dealing with difficult circumstances.
An example was the Mattias who served in a Bethel in Scandinavia.
When Mattias is a child, the classmates make this because of their faith.
Parents still do not know what the case is taking place, but Mattias is quite astonished when he comes to his home and is critical of his faith.
Gillis, father of Mattias, explains: “That was a very good story.
Another time, Mattias asked: “Who is God?
Is the Bible not one of Jehovah’s Witnesses?
How did we feel that this work is done by God? ”
He even asked his father: “Why should I accept that religion?”
Mattias stated: “In some cases, our brotherhood always asks me, regardless of how I am or my mother are inconscious, because he believes that the truth makes something difficult for him. ”
How did Mattias manage this situation?
He stated: “My son and I are playing for another time.
In the meantime, I will ask you a little bit of questions, and in the meantime, I will find myself sure what to do is happening.
Sometimes, I could tell him a story and even think about it for a while, and then we’ll get together to discuss it.
And again, I will have to give myself a little time to think about something he said.
Honestly, with the assertions that were given to Mattias’ mind and heart, he understanded the essentials of the transformation and believed that Jehovah is our own and that he is the world’s rediscovered Creator.
To me, in truth, it is not easy, but sometimes the inspired spirit of Jehovah is deepening the heart.
It took time and patience, but in my wife I am so happy - today all of our efforts on Mattias were not lost."
The Mattias parents trusted in Jehovah and paid patience to their children.
Mattias recalls what Mattias was telling: “I often told Mattias that I and my mother had a very good relationship and that he prayed for Jehovah to understand the truth. ”
Mattias' parents were happy - the hope they put it in handy.
It is also important for us to have a Christian love when we serve for a family or family who is sick.
Let us take a look at the example of Ellen, * who lives in Scandinavia.
Over the past eight years, there have been two new cases involving the husband and sister, which have reduced the number of cases involving her husband and sister.
Therefore, he has no power, no power, no power, no power.
This makes things very difficult - for Ellen.
Ellen says: “Many of my colleagues suffered major pain and I prayed nothing. ”
He concludes: “In Philippians 4:13, one verse of the Bible comforting me, states: ‘I have strength for all things through the strength of the might of who gives me power. ’
” The strength that Jehovah provides to Ellen is helping to survive the problem. — Sm.
62:5, 6.
Jehovah gave the highest example to survive.
There is an example in the Bible’s message about Jehovah’s sovereignty to others.
For instance, does Jehovah have the opportunity to ask Abrahamu why he destroyed Sodom?
Eventually, Jehovah responded to questions from himself.
Rather, he could answer all the questions that Abrahamo asked.
Then, with the help of Jehovah’s Witnesses, he assured Abrahamu that he could listen to everything he said and assured Abrahamu that he would not destroy the only city of Sodome that is found only ten persons in the land.
This recognizes that Jehovah is firm to us and does not put it into action.
When we attempt to have this historic character, we are grateful to Jehovah our heavenly Father who has our love and patience.
As we continue to do so, Jehovah will read to him “the stronghold of those who have fulfilled the rigid and rigid of those promises.”—Hebrews.
6:10 - 12.
It is the historic element of the nine-story literature that is described in the literature of the book - an element that monitors the value of life.
His name was rebuilt.
FROM FOOTBALL
While the Atlantic Ocean is pushing towards an east coast of Europe, one of the ideas George Young is happy to think about his country's original heritage - Brazil.
* Despite the ongoing situation, he is still thinking about how to win this title in the mind and heart of Jehovah’s organization, the country — Spanish and Portugal — where the campaign is still in place.
He thought that at the same time, he would organize the Brother J’s talk to others.
F.
Rutherford, and it will distribute a short document of almost 300,000!
George Young ransack - a walk in the tears to preach to others
When Brother Young arrived in Lisbon in 1925, a roadblocks were shut down.
Some were victims of religious persecution in 1910 and are now victims of religious persecution.
Although our brothers and sisters are free, the country - the language is not entirely comprised of.
As Brother Young continues to organize his talk while listening to Brother Rutherford’s talk, the government is disregarding the weaknesses because there are also attempts to renounce the government.
If the younger brother is not guilty, he is not guilty.
She then asked if she could use Camões Secondary School and offered her permission.
Brother Rutherford’s talk was scheduled for the opening ceremony of May 13, and people are ready to attend.
Newspapers and textbooks that can be used throughout the home were featured in the theme “ How to Live on the Earth. ”
As opponents, they were slowly published an article in their magazines and urged people not to forget the “fraudulently” acting.
The opponents standed on the street and shared thousands of letters with them to prevent them from attending Brother Rutherford’s actions.
At least 2,000 people were killed, and approximately 2,000 more were displaced.
Some broke out at the halls and searched for items from the halls to listen to the talk.
There is another reason.
The opponents were hard-pressed and shocked.
Brother Rutherford didn’t know how to call, making it easier for people to hear the voice through the table.
By the end of the day, at about 12 p.m., more than 1,200 people had to register with them with Bible-based publications.
The second day, the newspaper O Século published an article about Brother Rutherford's talk.
As of September 1925, the Portuguese-language Ministry of the Russian Federation was officially published in the Portuguese-language field.
(The translation of the Portuguese-language edition in Brazil. )
During that time, a Bible Teacher from Brazil, Virglio Ferguson, was planning to visit Portugal to support the campaign.
He and Young had previously worked with in a Brazil branch office of Bible colleagues.
Virgililio and Lizzie have never been separated from Brazil to join the Young Brotherhood.
Brother Ferguson was unfortunate — especially because Brother Young won't travel to any other countries — the language used by the organization.
The story of Lizzie and Virglio Ferguson, 1928
Later, when the troops took power in Portugal, the persecution continued.
Brother Ferguson was confident that he did everything possible to protect the small group of Bible Students at the time.
He even gave them an encouragement to go ahead of the campaign immediately.
Then, in October 1927, he was granted permission to perform his service.
Over the previous years of military service, approximately 450 people in Portugal were investing in distributing State grants to the newspaper.
Meanwhile, small-scale publications and short-scale publications also moved the authoritarian to reach Portuguese-led regions, such as Angola, Azores, Cape Verde, East Timor, Goa, Madeira, and Mozambique.
In the mid-1929s, Manuel da Silva Jordão, a Portuguese citizen, moved to Lisbon.
He is quiet and the manager is doing well.
While he lived in Brazil, he listened to a talk by Brother Young and insisted that he was ‘ absolute truth.’
To extend the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value of the value.
The newly formed congregation in Lisbon is still improving because the arrangements for selling and distributing our literature and belongings are adequately applicable.
Although Brother and Sister Ferguson were required to return to Brazil in 1934, the local authoritarian community has progressively expanded.
Despite all the difficulties that came up in Europe during the Spanish imperialism and World War II, our brothers remain loyal to Jehovah.
In a few instances, their self-sacrification was like a burning blaze.
However, in 1947, an organization of Jehovah’s Witnesses dismissed John Cooke, and he was the only temporary minister elected in the Greek Lagos State.
Since then, the number of publishers in the state has increased significantly.
Even when the government banned the service of Jehovah’s Witnesses in 1962, their number continued.
By December 1974, the ban was eliminated, with the total attendance of over 13,000 publishers.
Today, over 50,000 publishers preach the good news online - Portuguese and other Portuguese-speaking islands such as the Azores and Madeira.
Sadly, among the publishers in Portugal today are the third in the world to hear Brother Rutherford’s historic talk in 1925.
We are grateful to Jehovah and to all the brothers and sisters who have had the courage in preaching the good news.
It is important to note that they are “the funeral of all people for Christ Jesus to the nations-language.”—Romans 15:15, 16.—From Our salvation in Portugal.
See the article, “ Hurting Fever ” in the Constitutional Court, May 15, 2014, page 31 and 32.