Luz Mely Reyes, who was affected by the disaster, informed us of how the SEBIN Lawyers searched the Díaz complex along with the Soto.
The United Nations summarizes the following:
ACCORDING to this occasion, at 3: 00 a.m., a committee from the Oppressive Organization arrived at the media and social services of Luis Carlos Díaz, who had been displaced since 5: 30 p.m. #NiboNiLuisCarlosWa.
Human rights activists and the organization of freedom of speech have collaborated with the campaign #DondeEstaLuisCarlos (Where is Luis Carlos?), which is now the most popular title on the Venezuela world website of Twitter.
Díaz was a journalist and human rights activist who was an experienced advocate of freedom of speech and who knew what he had done for him in Venezuela and the oceans for the liberation and opposition of Nicholas Maduro.
He has been working with his wife and his famous political spokesman, Naky Soto, for some time, producing videos and videoconferences based on politics and human rights in Venezuela.
He has served as a hero and resident of a special setup for civilians and uncompromising special ballistic systems.
Díaz also served as a member of the World Voice Group for ten years.
As for me, Luis Carlos is a intelligent person who is deeply involved in our uncomfortable reporting and Web site in Venezuela.
He has uncovered the city gathering (from opposition to the injury) #NiboniLuisCarlosWa.
During the days leading up to his posture, the Con el Mazo Dando program showed the video Díaz spoke of.
Diosdado Cabello, president of the organization, feels that Díaz has participated in protests against the lack of electricity across the country and has allowed Venezuela to live in darkness for more than four hours on March 7 and 8
There is no strong evidence.
Seven hours have passed since Luis Carlos Díaz disappeared.
[Díaz] was a journalist for Union Radio Noticias and a human rights activist.
We owned the SEBIN headquarters headquarters and said they would not be [in solitary confinement] of #Nibo NiLuisCarlosWa.
[Blurb on news: they confessed perfectly [Diaz was in charge]
Reporters Vladimir Villegas pointed out the following:
radionet Luis Carlos Díaz, in pretrial detention.
We sympathize with her situation.
Guidance is required by recognizing his place and respecting his human rights.
The World Voice Group is loyal to Luis Carlos, his relative, and the cooperative reporter of all government leaders in Venezuela.
We look forward to his immediate appearance in physical and spiritual well-being, publishing reports of this news as he reaches us.
An electronic law will destroy international freedom of speech in Nigeria
The Senate will grant license for videoconferencing in Nigeria
The representative of Mohammed Sani Musa is the sponsor of the channel Television You Tube edict.
On May 20, Belu, the 2019 Bill for the Protection of Myth and Uncertainty, known as the "technology bill," sponsored by a representative, Mohammed Sani Musa, has been read in the committee for the second time.
The idea of the codex was to eliminate untruthful rumors and phrases on electronic devices.
Its objective was, not to restrict the use of electronic media, but to eliminate freedom of speech, opposition, and temporary access to electronic media.
This type of census was printed by the Nigerians in 2016.
It is a sin to kiss the government (oppose the government)
According to Article 1A, the concept of this constitution was to "let an untruthful or unmistakable statement appear in Nigeria."
He will undo the threat of publications that could lead Nigeria to "distresses" without neglecting such matters as public health, social security, "public health or economic security," and "Nigeria" s dealings with other countries. "
Article 1c describes how the bill would "take, control, and protect the misuse of electronic devices and monitors."
Further explaining, the new constitution is not as restrictive as it is on a universal scale — under the superstitious struggle against rumors and lies.
The bill is coming to heaven, no one will be released, all Nigerians, no neighborhood or human dwelling place, no use of drugs, and to the hands of eyewitnesses is the "silent lie without witness" that takes over the high-tech road.
Article 3a-b(a) of the codex says perfectly:
Anyone should not be attracted to a virtue inside or outside the Nigerian walls from sayings that do not contain facts that cannot be verified; as well as an expression that can throw Nigeria out as young as eight days of national security.
The issue of "the protection of the nation" is the Devil "s chief objective in upholding the right to freeness of speech.
Moreover, no one can either oppose or criticize the Nigerian government for making mistakes.
In Article 3b(vi), the expression that ignores “a duty or action, which is governamental in the eyes of a citizen” cannot pass through the world.
As shown in Article 3b(v), this relates to the statement: "cause mutilation, spoken to someone or zeal among men."
This was dangerous because he allowed officers to abuse power.
Who determines whether a statement can lead to conflict?
That means simply taking advantage of it or holding politicians to their promises can lead to hatred in their eyes.
The victim receives a fine of between 200 and 10,000 naira [$556 and $28,000 U.S.] for three or both years.
Legal authority to operate videoconference temporarily
The bill empowered the government to dismantle the power of the machine at any time when it was reasonable, by means of the "Secretary-General" to use the world "s power as described on page 12, reader 3:
The Senate may authorize the Nigerian Communications Commission (NCC) to authorize the provision of videoconference to take immediate measures to prevent the use of videoconference in Nigeria.
Employers must comply with this tax law or pay $14,000-28,000 USD (U.S.).
Additionally, the bill provides a guarantee for technology providers who will not bring trouble "to the city or to the city" if they are unable to obtain a judgment if they are uninvited to "observe the law of racism" to the world, as stated on page 12, page 5.
The subjection of human rights was darkened by the law "s permitting the police to obey the decree of presumptuousness.
Article 15a describes police “mental engineering” during the period of "certain evidence research" as the key to the nuclear nuclear attack in the country.
In conclusion, “there is no place for complaint against me in the Supreme Court” [Picture 13 (2)] that can be applied without first consulting the police to appeal the high court’s license.
The effect of this is remarkable — no one will be allowed to go to court for the defense of the deceitful victim’s rights.
Proponents on the back of the bill
Three envoys in the Senate: Mohammed Sani Musa (proclaimer of the Senate), Mr. Moro and Elisha Abbo.
The Mohammed Sani Musa corporation, Activate Technologies Limited, delivered thePVCs for the 2019 elections as a member of the All Progressives Congress (APC) party to East Niger Adviser, according to premium Times.
THE ORGANIZATION (INEC) welcomed the charge.
This fact suggests that the rulers of the past elections did not work independent of the powerful.
Ishaku Elisha Abbo of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) is a representative of the North Adamawa Province in Adamawa State, northeastern Nigeria.
In August 2019, in front of the police, Abbo made a mistake with an employee of a sex department in the capital, Abuja.
After the slide was scattered, Abbo offered a plea.
The PDP member, Abba Moro, was a representative of the South Benue branch in central Nigeria.
On April 15, 2014, Moro, the chief executive of the domestic system, was involved in the shocking event of the Nigerian Conservation Command, involving about 6,000 teenagers who were in need of 4,000 jobs at the Nigerian Conservation Group, which was gathered in numerous locations throughout the country.
The tragic event that caused the death of 20 people and devastation to many.
Moro obtained some 675 dollars (U.S.).
Moro took money in his pocket and violated the customs law.
"No need of silence, fear, or compassion" – #SayNoToSocialMediaBill!
Using the sign #SayNoToSocialMediaBill, Nigerians jumped to Twitter to express their feelings:
In a statement, Amnesty International upheld the use of "rules against human rights" because it would not silence Nigerians "to refrain from expressing their feelings" and "send them to prison for doing so."
Under the wing, we stopped lying and rumor, considering legislation that had no interest in citizens.
Surprisingly, politicians are in the forefront of the world.
Political movements and opposition movements make Twitter a war-field source of vicious hatred, insignificant reports, and deception during the 2019 Presidential election.
Read more:
videoconference triggered extreme hatred, scant reports, and deception during the 2019 Presidential election
Twitter becomes a warfield for slanderous statements during the 2019 Nigerian election
In a time similar to that of freeness of speech in Nigeria today, think of hope from U.S. writer Toni Morrison:
There is no place for despair, no place for compassion, no place for quietness, no place for fear.
We say, write, and speak.
The codex is a second edition of the House of Representatives.
Before the constitution became a law, it had to be consulted by a body of enforcement agencies, which would report the results of its inspection to the General Assembly, to review it, which would be published for the final inspection, before the president signed it.
We must take seriously the initiative of the committee to dismiss the codex.
For the most influential nation of the African country will turn aside from the regime of forced religion as soon as freedom of speech is laid down.
The Tanzania Supreme Court ruled to end sugarcane between adult and child without consideration of its reform measures
"This is the best decision that the court will make"
School girls in Tanzania pictured on August 10, 2007. Fanny Schertzer pictured, used with permission by Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
In October 2019, the Tanzania Supreme Court unanimously ruled in the ruling of the year 2016 that requires a daughter and a son to be 18 years of age before marriage.
The Democratic Republic of Tanzania took steps to reform this resolution, since marriage serves as a safeguard for teenage pregnancies.
But on October 23, 2019, the Tanzania government lost its appeal court ruling: male and female should be 18 years of age before getting married, adding to the fertilization of Tanzania "s youth juice.
According to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), Tanzania is the world "s largest sugarcane population.
The world leaders hesitated to express their joy in the judgment.
Others greeted Rebeca Z. Gyumi, the accuser and chief seedbearer of the children.
Gyumi is the founder and chancellor of the Msichana Initiative, a non-governmental institution that strengthens girls through education.
Steps to eliminate child juice in Tanzania
In 2016, Gyumi condemned the power of the Marriage Act; the Law of Marriage Act, 2002 (LMA), which allows a woman under 18 years of age to marry.
According to the Tanzania Demographic and Health Survey (TDHS), 36 percent of women between the ages of 25-49 are married before the age of 18, and 5.
The LMA granted permission for a girl under the age of 14 to marry in court, parental recognition for the age of 5 and the youngest for a boy.
Through his representatives, Gyumi explained LMA "s status as inferior to women because it gave men more privileges than women.
Furthermore, the eruption of the oasis was said to overshadow the right of human equality and deny the right of education to girls.
Gyumi appealed to the Supreme Court to uphold the LMA.
The Supreme Court did not.
But they found it illegal and gave the government a year to adjust the LMA situation.
By means of a senior representative of the justices, the government was authorized to pass marriage to 18 years for women and men.
Nevertheless, the former high-ranking representative was saddened by the verdict and presented a new appeal to the Supreme Court:
With government permission: I have obtained a retrial ruling in the case of #childmarriage.
Read more: Mozambique makes child juice a crime
A Time for a New Convention
During the four-month trial, the government plans to hold a 2016 revival of the LMA penalty that allows a 15-year-old girl to be adopted as an adolescent for marriage.
The prosecutor, a representative of the state judges Mark Mulwambo and Alesia Mbuya, defended the differences between women and men and denounced the trial by cultural and religious traditions.
Ms. Mbuya says that boys and girls are defined as "different genders" and that they are viewed by law as different.
He went on to say that girls are more prone to puberty than boys and that marriage can protect a young woman who is not married to an unmarried couple of the same age.
He further pointed out the failure of the court as he “made an equal of the child’s age and the age for marriage,” which meant the separation of the man and the woman’s marriage age.
The world leaders have quickly denounced the reasons for the appeal.
Read more: Mozambique, Cote d "Ivoire takes decisive action for the rights of women and children
Homosexuality
The court ruling pointed to the end of practices that were harmful to girls and to various ethnic groups as well as to the welfare of girls in Tanzania.
In the case of the United Nations, in order to qualify for women "s equalizing in the 20th century, the government had to adjust the rules of divorce and apply legislation to bring about this equalizing.
The results of research revealed that the proper age for marriage is closely connected with the educational and material achievements of men (TDHS 201).
In Tanzania she has a six-year distinction between a girl who does not go to school and one who reads either the highest or the highest.
In Tanzania, it is illegal to marry or conceive a student, and the primary sentence is sentenced to 30 years in prison.
A pregnant woman does not return to school even after giving birth.
Sweets with children provide a protection for girls, not considering how they enter school.
In Tanzania, the marriage of a girl does not allow a girl to read and finish her schooling, according to a 2017 Tanzania National Survey survey.
The seed banquet presented a fine way of life for the student to complete her studies without delay.
Nevertheless, a student who is enticed is still under the law not to come back to school.
The Jamaican identity mark used by Kanye West became a heated controversy over ‘the psalm’
Commercial goods with headlines about Jamaica are sold worldwide
Kanye West singing at the annual Festival of Modern Art in Garden benefit, New York City, on June 10, 2011. Photo by Jason Persse, CC BY-SA 2.0.
Kanye West hosted the pop-up concert in Kingston, Jamaica, shortly after the weekend for the National Day of the Forgotten People (19-21, October 2019.) began.
This was the first time the musician drove his praise orchestra out of the United States, at the expense of the federal government of a country that had decided to bring the program to his hometown.
Nevertheless, the party, which saw opposition from the outset, ended up in Ho with the Jamaica headquarters mark that West wore on the markets that he was selling at his international center without permission to use.
Within two days the announcement appeared in the outskirts of the Emancipation Park in Kingston, the capital city’s capital city—which led to a commentary based on West’s controversial comments on the slave trade in a five-month interview in 2018.
It was used in 2002 in honor of the 300,000 slaves in Jamaica, on the eighth month of 1838.
This may have been the first one, but it was not the last one.
Especially as the editors of Olivia "Babsy" Grange criticized opposers when he spoke of the nationality as part of the party prize, in which a songwriter imagined that the party he had performed immediately as it continued on the global Epidemic of Weekly Worship "was" ignored by the traditional programs of the National Festival of Magogas.
In addition, the inhabitants of Kingston, who struggled with heavy cancer that week, washed the shells of anguish and slumber as the dismissers went home in the evening.
Without a doubt, the party took place late in the morning, and tens of thousands of Neves in Jamaica the event, and Jamaica "s national broadcasting agencies commended their hard work:
It is public news that there will likely be steps to take action from (Religion of the Day of Immortality) in order to receive the me-monni/rights mark of Kingston, Jamaica, and the long-riding bird.
I had done some research on the universe and had discovered to support the evidence but was unfortunate by fate, and I met their market on the universe that had these identifiable qualities equal to the party...
The reality of Jamaica is that former governments never neglected the economic growth of the ‘Jamaica’ economy or their identity, such as the flag and the flag of shields.
Our music and sound, Ska, Mento, Rock Steady, Reggae, and so forth.
Jamaica is slow toward the clothing industry, which has the main mark of the island that will exert its influence on the people.
These markets were promoted in the Emancipation Park, which contributed to the overcrowding of governments and Jamaican citizens, with special use of national symbols.
I have observed that the National Institute of Culture and the director of the city of Kingston are taking urgent measures to get something back, both of them knowing that improvement is not urgent.
I hoped that the government would have scores of lawyers.
Of course, the lawyers still have work to resolve the issue involving the use of the Jamaican flag.
Deadly police struck ‘in Guinea as President Alpha Condé refused’ to rule
"Many cities have turned their backs on this step"
What is happening in Guinea is a sample of a report on France 24.
Violence broke out in Guinea on October 14, which has resulted in many deaths and trafficking after protests against the government of the president, Alpha Condé, who was planning to change the constitution to allow him to go for the third time.
The capital street, Conakry, and the rest of the cities have become a battlefield between law enforcement agencies and protesters.
The police department has taken advantage of its new opportunity to use deadly weapons when it reaches its target.
Protesters have sent six persons to the fiery heavens, where a policeman called on the Ogun and many were killed.
Read more: Guard guards in Guinea have the authority to use deadly weapons
Protesters refused to take part in the draft of the constitution that they saw as the president "s step in order to remain in office for the third time.
In fact, the Constitution granted a two-year term for the president "s office. Condé, 81, should be completed in October 2020.
Protesters are the most vulnerable because of violating the law, as Human Rights Watch calls for observation:
Translation Original Quote
According to the Human Rights Watch, the Guinea government has banned street traffic for a year, pointing to an attack on public safety.
Local authorities have scattered up to 20 political and other interests.
The guards have caught sight of disobedient people and caught hundreds of thousands of people.
Regarding the political event, the king "s organization declares an opposition: On October 13, President Condé requested a summons:
Translation Original Quote
Alpha Condé has called for a friendly conversation and wants a seat as a mother to resolve peacefully the riots and the challenges facing the country.
Nevertheless, the adviser to the president’s office, Ahmed Tidiane Traoré, said the following day, on October 12,—two days before the protest began—for the young audience of the RPG political party:
Translation Original Quote
Young members of the party were urged to be cautious on the street.
Those [who are critical opposers] have caused problems, the smugglers from the group are called upon to find a way out, but do not oppose anyone, not destroying any property, but protect your.
All evildoers will be revealed to mankind before.
City rulers have intensified their hostility to opposition and human rights groups, reports Globalguinee.info:
Translation Original Quote
October 14, 2019, marked the devastating Day of the Devil, in response to the FNDC call, the guineans opened the streets to oppose reform measures.
Attack took place in the provinces of the capital.
The trade collapsed in the center of the Kalou city administrative center.
People in the Central and the Guinea River heard the call, and they joined the rest of the population.
A few people came out of the countryside and Mount Guinea.
However, many cities have turned their backs on government.
At benbere.org, a talk center for young people in Mali, coordinator of the blue group, Adam Thiam, wrote:
Translation Original Quote
A spectacular event is now taking place in Guinea, with massacres, bullets broke up against protesters and killed many, blood on the street, smoking all, burns on the buses, and traffic traffic in the air.
Citizens of democracy admire the following on videoconference:
Like Blaise Compaoreé [Burkinabé’s politician] Alpha Condé on the road to destruction, will he be able to hear the voices of his fellow worshippers?
It "s a long time to come, and the boat is on the run.
On October 15, Guinea Bhiye Bary wrote:
Hamdallaye pharmacy (#Conakry): Some townspeople were awakened by the police this morning.
According to one source, the police were running through the doors and carrying goods in the homes of the householder.
S. Nkola Matamba, a writer and human rights activist from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, expresses sadness:
An opposing party member who wanted to change the law for the sake of self-determination to rule for the third time, possibly until the coming of the day, Alpha Condé was the very example of a defeat for the Black Land!
Guineans, take heart!
#GUINÉE – surprisingly, protests against the government Condé for the third day that took the lives of humans.
Amoulanfe—Cheikh FallTM (@cypher007) on October 14, 2019
Guinea Macky Darsalam commented on the initiative to assimilate public opinion:
The opposition group of Guinea also had no security to protect itself during the attack: representatives of the opposition group did not participate in the debate of the government committee since October 11, 2019.
Violence against these political parties has taken a dramatic turn, as mediaguinee.org reports:
Translation Original Quote
...at the headquarters of the Union of Republican Forces (URF) in Sidya Touré, a breakthrough took place between members of an opposition group and those seeking the government to prevent the protests from taking place one day to day in the affected areas.
The attack came to an end after the URF collapse, when six people who did not know their political names and associates were arrested.
#SexFor Grades: Analyst exposes sexual uncertainty in the West African Festivals
The victims are embarrassed
Boniface Igbeneghu, professor of Ivasití Lagos, Nigeria has accompanied the winner countless times (Picture from BBC #SexFor Grades)
The #SexFor Grades, a BBC broadcasting program that focuses on the tricks played by professors and girls in Nigeria and Ghana, has played a role in a worldwide field and has raised intricate questions about how to ensnare the tricks in society:
The research team, which was released on August 7, 2019, whose tutor, Kiki Mordi, had not completed his studies for perfection, did not want to make a mistake with his university teacher, who was failing to examine for perfection:
Boniface Igbeneghu, Ivasit Lagos, who was diagnosed with erratic behavior with the students in the BBC underground research.
BBC #SexFor Grades.
An hour-long investigation revealed the error of “artism” at two Western universities: the University of Lagos (UNILAG) of Nigeria and the University of Ghana.
Boniface Igbeneghu, a member of the UNILAG Department of Art and priest of the Foursquare Gospel Congregation, in Lagos, was among the poor teachers.
We saw in the BBC report Igbeneghu expressing interest in a 17-year-old girl who pretended to be a school-age student without suspecting that she was conducting a BBC underground research report.
Do you not know how to be a beautiful girl?
Do you know that I am a fine priest in the faith congregation and that I am in my 50 "s but that if I marry a 17-year-old boy, he will eat good words and money...
At a meeting between the two, Igbeneghu broke the fire and told the girl to kiss her and to hug her in her work at the street.
The Foursquare Evangelical Congregation has stopped Igbeneghu from "working the good news."
Ifazit Lagos has also expelled Igbeneghu from school and sent palms to the front door of the staff "s" cool room, "which is held by the teaching staff at a social gathering of young ladies.
Tragic events of the past year
The blast of bread has caused numerous Nigerians to appear on top of the world with the #SexFor Grades on Twitter.
Many female users on Twitter express their grief by their experience in sexual fantasies:
Dr. Shaunele Shunele, a professor of literature and authority, described the "great shame" he had experienced when a vice president of a university (DVC) touched him in the wrong direction:
Proclaimers of Nigeria "s high school finances have devastated women.
Nevertheless, because of the shamefulness of those who have been physically killed, it is not easy to speak out loudly and to protect corrupt criminals.
In 2016 the Parliament presented a five-year sentence for teachers who are convicted of errors with students in the "Higher School Sexual Corruption Bill."
Nevertheless, the Ministry of Education of Nigeria rejected this prohibition, claiming that it rejected younger ones because of opposition to teachers and the lack of authority and power in higher education.
The passing of the proposal severely violated the law — thus preventing the president from defrauding him.
Is the #SexFor Grades an act of love for the new #ChurchToo sanctuary?
During the seven months of this year, the famous painter, Bussola Dakolo, charged the high priest of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) with violence when he was 16.
Read more: A priest or a slanderer?
Evangelist Ecclesiastes condemns rape
For the past six years, he has been accused of a series of rape cases.
Nevertheless, the interrogation that Dakolo had accused of fomenting controversy on social issues led to controversy on social issues.
For a few days, the building of worship; #ChurchToo—my example in the world of #MeToo—proceeded to overwhelm Nigeria.
The charges spread from the world to street protests in the major cities of Nigeria, such as Lagos and Abuja.
The observance of the #ChurchToo movement urged the government to eradicate “the punishment of women and girls.”
The house of worship #ChurchToo opened a silent demonstration of the "increasing corruption of rape, especially in the flock" of worship in Nigeria.
He gave women the opportunity to say their own words.
Like #ChurchToo, the #SexFor Grades has caused the abuse of power that produces intimacy that women sincerely do not want to go outdoors.
Would the symbol of universal headship serve as a guardian of universal rights that would require a revision that would make a university college a haven for women?
He will tell only when and when.
The only music school in Zanzibar is about to be closed
Dhow f "Song School promotes Swahili culture
Students from the Dhow National Music School (DCMA) paintings are being carried by DCMA in Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019 The Watchtower.
Thousands of spectacular visitors to Stone Town, Zanzibar, have followed the sound of the Dhow National Music School (DCMA), the promotion of the music school, and the preservation of the island "s music practices near Swahili at the shore of the Indian Ocean.
Since 2002, the school has promoted and preserved the unique Arabic, Indian, and African music collection.
After 17 years, the school failed to find enough money in a wallet that could have caused the school to close the street.
In a report published by the DCMA authorities, 70 percent of the students failed to pay up to $13 USD a month.
With the support of the school "s kind contributors, the amount of money left to be paid is so much that it is possible to keep the school" s door in the Old Watchtower.
Without funds to advance, the DCMA students and staff are afraid the alarming sound coming out of the school "s famous music hall—can enter the darkness.
The school was prominent not only for music and culture and heredity but also for youths living in areas where knowledge would be added.
A DCMA student is studying a musical instrument based on a DVD from the DCMA school.
"We [have begun] to see the face of a difficult time," says DCMA chancellor Alessia Lombardo on a DCMA video.
From now until six months to now, there is no solid basis for paying taxes to teachers and workers. "
By this time, the 19th-grade tutors and other workers had worked for three months without charge because of a lack of funding in school.
As the World Bank accurately explains, as we know where the school is for a park because of the ancient beaches and the ruins of luxurious resorts, hundreds of indigenous people are struggling with unemployment even more than ever.
For 17 years, DCMA has worked tirelessly using music to promote heredity and Zanzibar culture.
The origins of the taarab singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, also known as Bi. Kidude, Zanzibar is the museum of the traditional interdependence and long history of the Swahili branch communities.
In today "s world, the student can learn traditional music, such as taarab, Ngoma, and kidumbak, along with additional instruments, such as the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics.
Neema Surri, a violin player in DCMA, has been learning to play violin for the next nine years.
"I know young people who will be interested in music, but they are not able to pay the school fees for their poor health and no employment."
The students of the DCMA are playing a stringed musical instrument in The Watchtower, at the base of the school in Stone Town, Zanzibar, in 2019.
At the conclusion of the DCMA courses and at the end of the one-year course, many of the DCMA students have become senior athletes worldwide.
The son of Zanzibar, former DCMA instructor at the same school, Amina Omar Juma echoes his orchestra, who is "cooperative in traditional music" and "Siti and Group" in modern music, and has recently returned from a musical tour in South Africa.
He and some of his orchestra and former DCMA team produced their first album, "Fusing the Roots," in 2018, which entertained audiences at Sauti Za Busara, the most spectacular festival in the Orient of Africa.
Here is the singing of Siti and Nielewe’s “Nielewe” ("Lift me out) and the presentation of the song, which depicts the story of a woman who sees her innermost face and laments herself.
Read more: East African singers and female singers opposed homosexuality.
History of culture and relationships
As many as 15,000 guests in the famous school had seen a concert, received training, and played a song for the future.
The school has developed a combination of the different "nations" customs, located near the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf.
The Omani Sultanate region, "the center of the mighty sailors of the 17th and 19th centuries ago," carried its strong chair from Muscat to Zanzibar in the 1840 "s.
From Stone Town, the Kings of Omani controlled the day "s water business, including canoes, gold, and clothing, as a result of hurricanes that afflicted Arab native ships—arraws—on the Indian Ocean, from India to Oman to the East of the Black Land.
Youths in Zanzibar are grateful for the events that have a great deal to do for their future, adding to the music presented in modern music.
The students and teachers of DCMA soon introduced the "TaraJazz," which is a composition of traditional taarab and modern Jazz music.
Ata violin, 20-year-old Felician Mussa, has been studying the string instrument for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most popular orchestras on the islands, depicted by artist Aline Coquelle:
The Swahili community relates the history of the cultural interchange that DCMA continues to develop with its musical combinations.
Each year, the school hosts the "Swahili Attack" program, which hosts a group of senior musicians from North Africa, Arabia, Europe, and North America along with students of DCMA to play music during a week.
At the end of the "turn," the new gathering will be overwhelming in Sauti Za Busara, and these gathering will be a long-standing, unfamiliar gathering, demonstrating the perfection of the world "s common language of music.
In Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019, DCMA hosts a musical program that promotes talented singing and concert showings.
DCMA recognizes music as a powerful force for people and as a force for unity and harmony to people regardless of the culture — and it provides employment opportunities for talented youths who are struggling to eat.
For the 1,800 students who have been trained at DCMA, this is the only music hall they know, where they study and enhance their skills as musicians and musicians.
A traveler from Spain who recently visited DCMA wrote to TripAdvisor: "As for me, the performance of the singers was the best time for me on this island."
As the Zanzibar tour department plans, DCMA believes that music plays a key role in festivals, preservation and promotion as well as in propaganda, heredity, and the history of Swahili.
Zanzibar is more than its costly beaches and resorts—a place full of mentally-minded people who have talents in their pools because of the long partnership that made the region unique.
Pay Attention to the Publisher: The publisher has worked free of charge with the DCMA.
Indian subcontamination continues to rob people of their lives
Superstition and lack of awareness behind witch-hunting in India
Arrangement near Jamshedpur in Jharkhand, Photo by Anumeha Verma
On August 20, a mob took the lives of four elderly people without being judged in the Gumla region of Jharkhand, India, after being accused of witchcraft.
According to news reports, the elderly killed a man, convicted by the Panchayat council.
These four elderly ones were dragged out of their houses, and the men who were eyewitnesses beat them with wood until they were spared.
Eight of these men were in the police station.
According to a police report published by Times of India, Jharkhand witchcraft has sent 123 persons to prison in the middle of mid-Ebekiel 2016 and mid-Ebekiel 2019.
Around the world, 134 persons have been victims of the 2016 “torture” charges, according to the National Sin registration Organization.
Increasing Disease
"Divorce is not new in Jharkhand," said Prem Chand, Founder and Chairman of the Free Legal Aid Committee (FLAC) in Jharkhand in a telephone interview.
FLAC is preparing anti-corruption legislation in Jharkhand.
The company began operating in this area in 1991 when neighbors accused a woman of having been involved in the death of a boy.
A mob mob beat him and killed him and his son.
He was physically assaulted.
When Prem Chand and his associates visited these sinners, they faced a challenge:
They were told to stand firm on the charges.
And they believed perfectly if the blood of the so-called witch victim touched the thin soil, losing its fertility.
Prem Chand described it as part of the population:
Often, women who are poor and poor are poor.
These were the Adivasis, Harijans, and Dalits.
The veneration of women and the violation of the law of the right to a world of dignity for all humans.
Social and Political Truth
The riots claimed that the underlying outbursts of faith in the countryside were responsible for the perversion.
Education, low-quality health measures, and high-risk behavior in the predominantly pervasive areas of these crimes are common.
These cases indicate that he begins with hearing.
With laws of Indian states that viewed hunting as illegal, these sides viewed it as a means of self-protection.
In the same way, excuses are made for taking possessions of women, using violence or revenge.
As told by Prem Chand:
To be perfect immediately after you call a woman a witch, you can subject her to abuse.
Nevertheless, it is important to recognize the use of sexual immorality in women "s behalf, and there is no clear basis for it.
On the other hand, without a doubt, the panchayat often engages in witchcraft even if the punishment is not committed properly.
In addition to the election of the panchayat, there are those who call themselves the panchayat lawyers without any authority in any part of the country.
These groups judge and punish people, and no one is harming them.
An incident in the Ajmer region of Rajasthan in 2017 caused the death of a 40-year-old woman in the state of emergency panchayat.
According to law, the court has to take measures against such judgments either by the election of the panchayat and by the election of the panchayat.
Nevertheless, those who suffered poor health did not even have legal advantages before being confronted by a human society.
Hunting scourges throughout India
Jharkhand has recorded the greatest number of human sins related to witchcraft, but not just the state.
In Chattisgarh, Odisha, Gujarat, West Bengal Assam, Bihar, Maharashtra, and Rajasthan are also registered cases of witchcraft.
During an accident in 2014, Debjani Bora, an Indian rabbit, found herself very poor.
According to Debjani, he was charged with a life-threatening number in the village of Cherekali, 180 miles [180 km] from Guwahati, the capital of eastern India.
The mayor of the village prayer said that he had been punished by the villagers.
The 2017 event in Rajasthan State.
Among other things, a 40-year-old girl named Kanya Devi was attacked and beaten after being accused by a relative in the Ajmer district.
Self-Sufficient and Self-Sufficient
People accuse birds of their labor: the death of humans or animals, the drought of rain, the unproductivity of plants, and so forth.
The attack on these women (and some men) was as brutal as a wild beast.
Sometimes the accusations and mistreatment come from relatives.
Some live and tell their stories and fight for their rights.
Chutni Mahato of Saraikela in Jharkhand was one of them.
People from the region call it "tigress."
In 1995, he had been convicted of witchcraft as a militant opposer of women "s mistreatment with the support of the National Labor Organization.
Chutni described how a lack of lasting support made it difficult for him to fight against immorality.
Thanksgiving and support from the government and the government for the work being done here.
Nevertheless, I have suffered for my immoral conduct.
If someone came to me for help, I would be very supportive of them, discussing a conversation on a subject.
Strengthening the Voice
Perfectionism of people of all sorts has not led to the elimination of corruption.
The interviews of human rights activists showed that the overriding defects of government assistance and scientists have not disrupted the injustices.
What is best is the conviction of those who oppose this wickedness.
In the words of Prem Chand:
Efforts to eliminate corruption may be in harmony with the government policy of procrastination.
Similarly, scientists have to ‘agree’ to ‘abstain’ by the people.
B. Vijay Murty, a journalist and a Jharkhand resident, spoke in the audience.
Treatment of Myanmar "s orphans
Ayeyar Maung, a tent worker feeding him. / Aung Kyaw Htet / The Irrawaddy
The article was entitled The Irrawaddy, the international news agency in Myanmar, edited by the World Voices in accord with the treaty.
When forest officials found it in the dust near Etí-omi Irrawaddy, Ayeyar Sein was then three months old.
One of his legs had struck the chariots.
His life was healed by government gangs and transferred to an elephant camp in the Bago District for treatment.
It is the eighth elephant to find refuge in Wingabaw, a place of refuge for indigenous Myanmar elephants.
Another young elephant, Ayeyar Maung, also found something.
In the meantime, the six-month-old elephant had struck the cords.
And he was trapped among the stones in the same dust that we had seen Ayeyar Sein, and his remaining hands left him.
Nevertheless, he was released, and last year he became a tentman.
Both were the smallest orphaned elephant in the camp; the oldest elephant lasted four years.
All of them have a history or a history of suffering by the oppressive human race.
Some lost contact with their partners, while others became orphans after their parents were slaughtered by wild animals.
In the camp at Wingabaw, the elephants who had no parents also trusted in the daily feeding of infants provided by foreign overseers.
They were allowed to eat in the dust in the morning, and they would wash in a nearby river before returning to the tent.
Meanwhile, Myanmar will have approximately 1,500 elephants.
It is sad, however, because those who cut their spirits away from the earth, killing an elephant a week.
Tobago "s decomposing salt clearly shows that there is no alternative but to cope with climate change
The island "s reefs are on" Bleaching Alert Level One "
Salt from Matt Kieffer, CC BY-SA 2.0.
The rock-mass of the sea is a vital ingredient in the expansion of Tobago "s economy and the island" s surroundings.
We referred to the residences of an ethnic creature in the water (and to the fishing grounds of the local fishermen), as well as to the safety of harbors, which resulted in the preservation of severe coastal storms.
The Buccoo Reef, famous for its luxurious tourist stones, was the last one.
But after a news release released on August 22, 2019, by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA) Coral Reef Watch — Tobago’s coral has been safeguarded for the cleaning of the island of the “Advertise of the Inquisition”.
Interestingly, within a few weeks the pestilence may jump to a second stage, causing harm to the lives of these corals, other water creatures, and islanders.
What is exactly what is happening?
The roommate and companion of the corals are the water leaves that help to store and dispose of nutrients.
And these leaves will give corals the strength needed for growth, but the water temperature changes block this bond.
If the water is too hot (or too cold) corals will overtake the leaves — and the hand that is disposing of food will be lost.
Afterward, the dust will die of hunger; the color of the body that will be transformed is the identifying mark, the interference from coral and vegetation to white bone.
The pronouncement of the First Epidemic declares perfection if nothing is done, and the corals begin to collapse.
IMA recommends that within the next nine to 12 weeks, naturalists and citizens monitor the waters for signs.
The second stage would be a reference to the worldwide mixture of corals and the death of corals.
Why?
According to local environmentologist Anjani Ganase, Tobago "s coral reef is the elevated temperature of water — part of the climate change.
In the Imeel, Ganase explains that oceans are responsible for the atmosphere "s heat and water cycle—especially the deep watery deeps such as the Caribbean Ossara — are intensely hot.
In fact, the 12-week shield of NOAA Tobago was closely linked with Lesser Antilles.
The stones in the area, such as Greater Antilles and Cuba, are in Step 2 of the Introduction:
What is it?
The danger lies in coral interference.
For the salting of the fish will feed, and he himself will stand as a house to the fish and to the fish that have not yet been able to bathe in the abundant waters, for this reason, if they were lost, the fish will go with them.
Fishermen lost their jobs when the fishermen drowned.
Tobago trusts in the traditional tourism industry; 40 percent of tourists visit these corals.
If the rust continues, people will find no corals, and tourism dollars will be widespread and will inflict hospitality on such facilities as toilets, restaurants, transportation and travel management.
If there is an increasing hurricane by day-to-day periods, corals play a key role in drawing water reservoirs and station as intermediaries between the sea and the coast — but they are being interrupted by global warming.
Research has established the basis for cutting corals across the 90th shore of Tobago from floodwaters.
At the 2018 Yellowstone Festival at the West Indies Institute, Professor John Agard stated that this work would be expanded as storms and climbs mounted.
What can be done to stop it?
Ganase said that these water shortages were responsible for fishing beyond boundaries and environmental damage caused by Tobago "s coral reservoirs.
If he continues, their restoration and growth will depend solely on sticking to rulership and the protection of corals:
A coral stone should become a hidden object for the crowds, and the ransom should be stabilized so that a healthy fish and fresh water will restore the coral.
He continues:
It is a personal responsibility to reduce environmental smoke, and mankind has the right to ask for advancement from governments to provide sustenance, equipment, and training for storage and caution.
We need to control and store our resources, whether governments or large companies that use these resources.
The same islands government has been commissioned to announce the world "s responsibility in dealing with the climate change.
On October 11, 2019, Barbadia Mia Mottley, director of the World Trade Organization (WHO) at the headquarters of the United Nations in Geneva, mentioned the problem, urging major countries to take decisive action to overcome climate change.
According to him, the Caribbean island is "without many seasons because [we] are working in the hands of life."
Ganase acknowledged the urgent need for improvement.
Everything he accepts to rescue the timber from the change and the end of the coral refinement is to be given him, he says perfectly, especially "there is work" for politicians:
As we look at it, it will not be easy, but there is another way out.
Journey: The End of the Adolescent "s Sports
A question for a passport is like a sacrifice for a hospital
Drawing by Natasha Sinegina (CC BY-SA 4.0).
Road map by Jon Evans (CC BY 2.0).
Photo by Georgia Popplewell.
In 2019, the Nigerian author and scholar Timothy Ominlúah received no visa to attend the African Ministry Council in Europe held in Edinburgh, UK.
The Britain’s General Assembly in Nigeria stated that they are “without a doubt” agreeing that the Senate will leave the UK after the meeting ends.
The UK Home announced the return of the discharge of the passport, and she returned to Nigeria without a child.
In March 2019, the UK authorities refused to interfere with 25 infection scientists and their colleagues at the London School of Economics Africa Summit.
Experts with accurate knowledge of fighting the blazing plague did not find a passport that would enable them to participate in a conference on “the challenge of pestilence”.
‘You won’t return!’
The insurmountability of the Apocalypse to enter certain cities is not limited to the insurmountability of the Apocalypse—as it refers to the ethnic cleansing that undermines the faith of the apocalyptic and professional Apocalypse to the extent that the apocalypse of the Apocalypse cannot be deceived.
Article 13 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights states that "each individual has the right to leave his country, including his own country, and to return to his own country whenever he chooses."
The facts, though, if there are no passport and useful passport, are not easy to use.
In some countries the request for a passport is easier than in other countries.
According to the 2019 Henley Passport Index, Japan and Singapore are the easiest countries to reach migration rates, while Angola, Egypt, and Haiti are below.
Read more: ‘There’s No Traffic Books: The Tanzania musicians don’t get a passport to the US festivals
Kenyan poet Ciku Kimeria explains living without "a right to citizenship."
"You have to answer such questions as, ‘What are we here to do?’ she said.
requested by border officials, if they are not satisfied with the answer, a dancer may find himself in the laughing mouth.
For African migrants who want to travel abroad, the request for a passport is like offering sacrifices to a hungry god.
Adeshina Ayede (Son of Yoobba), director of the World Voices in English, relates her experience when she asked for a Lisbon, Portugal, passport for the 2019 Creative Commons Summit:
I felt overwhelmed by receiving the good news that I was going to present at the CC Summit in Lisbon 2019....
On Igbe, 18, 2019, a few days after my birthday, I presented the visas to Lisbon to participate in the conference at VFS Global at Lekki, Lagos.
The conference will be held from 9 to 11 of 2019, but it will take 15 days for the visa to be issued.
On the day that I had to leave home for Portugal, I had not received my passport back...
Twenty-one days after the convention, I accepted an assignment to obtain my passport at VFS.
The waves are coming, and the hearts are healed.
One problem lies in the absence of a passport; another is in the absence of a high percentage of free travel costs.
I was overwhelmed by the desolation of the Nigerian Central Bank, which did not send money to the sea; I could not return the necessary free transportation to those who owned it.
I was disappointed that my rights as a free associate with my associates were violated.
They silenced me!
The Challenge: For astrologers traveling through the Arctic Circle
It was difficult for a native child to travel out of the native Land—but it was also difficult for a native land to travel.
Citizens of countless nations in the North can travel to many African countries without a passport or with limited armor, but many Africans need a passport to travel to half the rest of the countries.
Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Minister of Foreign Affairs
I was thrilled that we were able to evaluate the needs and connections of African children when they asked for a visa to the United States.
This did not touch my heart like the struggle of the blackmen who were traveling through the black soil.
At the RightsCon in Tunis, and the GlobalFact in Cape Town, I asked Nigerians if they needed a passport.
On our vacation day, I heard a Nigerian journalist struggle here at GlobalFact because he did not have a passport.
In order to enter Tunis, we should not say of the black people who had flown out of the black land.
Last month I met a traveling journalist from the Far East who was asking for a visa for Nigeria and was asked to provide a professional driver "s driver" s license to take it off on the airport!
According to Rosemary, African tourism requires migration from the African continent before a traveler reaches the African continent.
At a regional airline conference sponsored by the International Aviation Programme (IATA) in Accra in August, the Deputy President of Ghana, Dr. Mahamudu Bawumia expressed appreciation for “requires a businessman from Freetown [Sierra Leone], for example, to make a two-day trip to Banjul (through the third country) for less than a trip.”
The wealth of the air was equal to the cost of flying in the Arctic Circle.
Is it true that the Almighty will not return?
Life-saving work on the Canary Islands in 2006.
Photo by Noborder Network. (CC BY 2.0)
In the mid-20th century, immigrants from the South Sahara Desert Cities succeeded Syria as the world "s most populous city.
Many Nigerians are fleeing their homeland because of hunger and strife, in search of presumptuousness, inheritance, or homelessness in North America or Europe.
According to the Pew 2018 Survey, the number of migrants from the South Sahara Desert City "has increased by 50 or more in the middle of 2010 and 2017, over 17 in all the world at the same time."
Nigerians from the Southern Sahara Desert Cities are moving throughout the world.
In 2014, an estimated 170,000 unlawful passengers sailed across the Mediterranean to Italy.
Many came from the Southern Sahara Cities.
In March 2018, the Brazilian Police rescued the lives of 25 black people from the South Sahara Desert City, "who had been in the Atlantic for a month."
In October 2019, the U.S. Border Customs in Del Rio, Texas, USA banned 500 immigrants from the Democratic Republic of Congo, the Democratic Republic of Congo, and Angola, seeking to take the Rio Grande River into USA.
Several reports have suggested that the Black Land is the center of poverty and war, yet Marie-Laurence Flahaux and Hein De Haas, scientists from Oxford and Amsterdam Iphasits, in poison, do not believe.
Flahaux and De Haas argued as it did not even "the industries and the politicians" and the wise men.
Research indicates that colporteurs from the Arctic Circle are irregular, resulting in "the policy of development and social change" that attracts the Arctic Circle to the regions of the universe—which is the equivalent of colporteurs from other parts of the world.
These slanderous reports, often triggering traffic procedures:
Many countries have the perfect belief that every African traveler will not return to his country unless he has sufficient evidence to obtain a passport.
It is not easy to open the eyes of foreigners about the bad name of the African country.
Now the African nations have a responsibility to coordinate the migration and migration of African citizens—but it is not enough to provide the country with only one certificate of citizenship in the African country—but it is not enough.
The Single African Air Transport market (SAATM), as well as the Continental Free Trade Agreement, which was inaugurated last year, have completed these measures, but they have not yet been fulfilled.
At this time, as the Apocalypse, the admonition to travel is to have the humiliating experience experienced by those traveling abroad — or to engage in the unified United Nations.
Whatever the case, the pioneer requested additional sacrifices and refused to accept them.
Propaganda and racism were released during the Nigerian elections
Ethnic lies spread on videoconferences during elections
Presidential election of March 28, 2015 as it is taking place in Abuja, Nigeria. Photo by the U.S. Ministry of Tourism in Nigeria/Idika Onyukwu
This was the first of a two-part report on hate, bloodshed, and false propaganda in Nigeria during the 2019 election.
You can read the second part of the report here.
On March 23, 2019, the Nigerians took over the election to elect a new president and committee member.
The Chairman of the House of Representatives, Mr. Atiku Abubakar, won a 15th victory with a "range sword 56-41."
We made a sworn oath to Buhari for the second four-year period on May 29, 2019.
Read more: #NigeriaDecides2019: Everything you need to know about the 2018 election
Yet, the vote was declared with everything he received, without the use of electronic devices.
Ethnic hatred, ethnic intolerance, and false reports spread like a field on the twitter square.
Ethnic Hatred in Nigeria
Ethnic diversity - some 250 and 500 languages - has at one time been a source of uncertainty rather than security.
This was evident during the election when politicians resorted to racist propaganda.
From land to land, international debates in Nigeria did not go unnoticed.
Read more: Nigeria: Fighting ethnic and ethnic hatred — face-to-face and on-face
During the 2015 election, for example, the Twitter square in Nigeria became the bitter side of the two supporters, Goodluck Jonathan (PDP) and Muhammadu Buhari (APC, Immaele, Hausa, Fulani).
Twitter became a tool for ethnic hatred and a tool for political parties.
Some speculated that the year 2019 would be different because he did not approve of President Buhari’s approval of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic of the Democratic Republic.
Their supporters – Yemi Osinbajo (APC), son Yoruba, and Peter Obi (PDP), son Igbo, son Idol-in-kríst — but from different ethnic groups.
He wanted to resemble the 2015 reevaluation but with another remarkable figure.
Two years before the elections began, Nigerian politics was deeply rooted in 2017, and it caused political instability.
The Biafra Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), an east coalition of Nigerians headed by Nnamdi Kanu, contributed to unprecedented conflict.
Read: As deteriorating hatred spread, Nigerian writers succeeded
The desert of northern Nigeria has caused herdsmen fighting farmers to stay in the south.
Some Christendom’s followers “found the Fulani herders of the Immaelites coming in to the south as an act of coercion from ‘Sanhedrin’ to ‘Sanhedrin.’
The Nigerian government’s attempts to investigate the attacks and to investigate the “crimes against criminals” that have resulted in the deaths of some 4,000 people from 2015 to 2018, reports Amnesty International.
Since then, racism has increased rapidly before the 2019 president "s election.
Lack of faith allowed exposure to false news – open and open – during elections.
Election and democracy in Nigeria
The number of electronic devices in Nigeria steadily rose from 98.3 in 2017 to 100.5 in 2018.
Facebook lies ahead as the favorite square for many Nigerians with 22,000 users followed by YouTube (three thousand 7,000 and more), Twitter (three thousand 6) and Instagram (three thousand 5.7).
Among the 84 votes who enrolled in the 2019 World Cup, half — 51 — are youths aged 18 and 35, and 30 years of age 36 and 50.
Both theaters, with an electrician and an electrician, represented the majority of the Nigerian voters.
As a result, it is not surprising that the use of electronic devices has become the center of the 2019 election campaign.
As a result, during the 2019 elections, he found it difficult to trust the good news.
Proclaimed as true good news, false stories have been proclaimed by the supporters of the two most influential Nigerian political parties: the All Progressive Congress (APC) and the People "s Democratic Party (PDP).
According to the ethnic census that took place between 28 May 2018, and 29 May 2019, ethnic hatred has been a powerful tool for unreasonable news attacks on both sides of the Nigerian political party on Twitter during the 2019 election.
These observations are recorded from the world over during this period.
When it comes to false racist reports, APC officials criticize Obi for restoring the Oya Mountains while he was in office as governor of Anambra State, in southeastern Nigeria.
These reports are false, and we will consider them further in the second part of this article.
Picture 1: The Tweet of Festus Keyamo
Picture 2: Keyamo tari is exposed to a picture of the truth.
On October 28, 2018, Festus Keyamo, director of an earlier announcement program for the Buhari Office of Propaganda, twisted a picture (Aworan 1) of a tree growing in the middle of an abandoned railway line:
The railway cycle of 1999 / 2015...
This is now ‘The Final Season’ and the railway lines are rising back to the globe.” The PDP is coordinating the project from 1999 to 2015.
Later, a Nigerian Twitter user followed the map into a Arabic (Picture 2) translation that was released in the month.
The tweet testifies to the origin of Lebanon.
Keyamo "s goal is to show that the administration of the government has taken steps to repair trains that were abandoned by the former government.
However, another picture of the country that he used to describe the "advancement" blinded him.
Picture 3: Ethnic hatred
Picture 4: El-Rufai apologizes for the “might cause trouble” tweet shown on Picture 3.
Ethnic hatred broke out before, during, and after elections.
An ethnic twitt (Picture 3) Bashir El-Rufai, a member of the Government of the State of Kaduna, said that the Igbo tribe angrily spread the revolt that led to the Nigerian Civil War.
In the mid-1970 "s, Nigeria fought a bitter war with Biafra, the southeastern town of Igbo, intending to separate from the Nigerian administration.
Nevertheless, according to Bashir El-Rufai, the results of the 2019 election by his party, APC, should be viewed as “vengeance” from the Hausa, Fulani side.
He returned to apologize, after being kissed, for a "causing trouble" twittle as shown in the Picture.
He also brought down the excuse (Picture 3).
Racial media falsehoods during elections divide them into two categories: informal and false.
Miroslav Tudjman and Nives Mikelic, professor of communication at the Institute of Zagreb, Croatia, interpreted subtle news as "a scheming news of tari to mislead people."
The objective of exposing false reports as truth separates misleading reports from false.
Tudjman and Mikelic pointed out that the spread of newspapers is more subtle than the deliberate news to mislead or lie.
Because the media "keep transforming one" s behavior "by means of" an unexpected event or deliberate action during the period of interrogation. "
For example, the method of broadcasting pressures a section or a fraction of the news for political purposes and a change of opinion.
Fears of anxiety resulting from the 2019 elections because of false reports and the spread of newspapers promote anxiety that begins with elections but leads to "anxiety of the end of the elections."
The second part of this article will examine how this took place on a global scale, especially on the Twitter site, with a number of examples.
This article is part of a series of step-by-step newspapers dealing with digital rights on such values as electronic media and blood reporting during the demanding political activities of seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The campaign was sponsored by Africa Digital Rights Fund and The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
In Kenya and Ethiopia, these men witnessed the ‘diagram’ of the heavens to dig underground cavities
Both men spoke favorably of God
The crater below Dunbar in southern Ethiopia that Mohammed Yiso Banatah dug out with his hands without using anything.
Allah had decreed that God "s house should be erected for the marriage arrangement.
Drawing by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein, used with permission.
On October 26, BBC Swahili released a presentation depicting Francisco Ouma, an elder from Busia, eastern Kenya, who heard God "s voice to dry down a tunnel below ground.
The vision is based on the maps he sees in the eyes of his dreams.
Since the second month of 1967, Ouma has followed the guidance from heaven that reached her dream table.
Today, the lower ground hole has a 24-room crossing.
The scrap of Francis Ouma, who heard God "s voice to dig underground craters with 24 rooms on BBC Swahili / Instagram.
Since ancient times, many have claimed that such dreams are inexhaustible for generations and universe, threatening the mental health of such a man who has lost sight in dreams.
But the ministers of Islam, Judaism, and Judaism have borne witness to a vision from the dream God ent for thousands of years.
"God showed me something like a map," Ouma told BBC Swahili.
At that time, while exploring the land, I followed this map.
Not only do I dig but I do well to continue digging.
He used both his plow and his hands, and Ouma stoned understones that did not make the digging easy.
The younger man discovered where he would bring to fulfillment the map of the bottom of God "s land that was in his heart.
In a chamber, he had a stone on which Jesus "words were written.
The one bringing this report to me was Jesus Christ, Ouma, and he explained it to me as he did to Moses.
Ouma believed perfectly in bringing back to earth another covenant with God.
The second stage is on the way.
This is the first stage of the covenant.
The other is on the way.
I cannot be sure what it will be, for if I declare it, I can devour the human creation.
So I would wait for the disaster if the time came, Ouma told BBC Swahili.
BBC Swahili has been viewed 50,000 times with an estimated 100 goals.
Since some spoke of mental disorders of those who claimed to have heard God "s voice in a dream, God" s people who spoke to a dream vision received many personal responses.
An Instagram user wrote:
Translation Original Quote
For me, people now, I have put more faith in them than in those who used God "s word to come to the house of worship, for the year 52 of mankind—if he did not follow his heart, should he not be recognized by his neighborhood and by his government?
He did not even request help for a tractor or money for his toil, and he was not to be judged.
Mohammed Yiso Banatah in 2012 described the ten dreams that Allah had made to him in a dream of building God "s house for a marriage underground.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein.
God "s House for the marriage arrangement in Ethiopia
In southern Ethiopia, similar testimony will come from an elderly man named Mohammed Yiso Banatah, who said in 2012 that Allah had dealt with him in 33 years ago ten times in dreams.
In the eyes of the dreams, he heard Allah "s voice to dig the holes of God" s house for the marriage arrangement on the ground.
You are known as the Dunbar crater, which is situated at the banatah, halfway between Hawassa and Shashamene.
In his third dream, Banatah saw perfect patterns for these buildings of God.
The details of Banatah "s dream and experience can be read in stages before he began his career as an archaeologist:
In his final dreams, the tenth of the footnotes of 1979, a man appeared to take Mohammed to a small tree in his garden and point to his wound.
The man set the stage for the excavation and told him that the excavation would be done.
In the middle of the day, he saw gold.
Near the region, the things lost are drawn to you.
We tell us where to start, when to start, and how to start.
The next day, when he visited the earth, he began to dry with his hands alone without using a plow.
These sun-lighted craters have become a low-cost resort for the four-mile [4 km] trek underground.
Some couples have established a wedding arrangement.
The construction of these jewelry demonstrates the mental and physical functions of Mohammed – he has spent hours quietly carving, mowing, and designing all the rooms and walls, with mattresses, and altars made of sand inside, other rooms having a sunlight-shining window from an unknown location.
From ancient times, the bottom of the ground was a figurative place considered a spiritual place.
In the holy writings of Kuran, there is a scrap called "Al Kahf," or "Bodies under the ground."
It contains the story of a religion known as "People of the Crater," in which youths suffered innocence for their faith and sought to find a place to sleep in a crater.
When they woke up, they returned home and noticed that all citizens had become believers.
Why is Donald Trump "s reputation famous in Nigeria?
Trump has many fans in southern Nigeria
President Donald Trump returned to the White House in Washington on August 19, 2018.
Photo by Samira Bouaou/The Epoch Times, CC BY0.
U.S. President Donald Trump has been a lowly position in the eyes of people around the world because of his laws and diplomacy — but not in other countries like Nigeria.
A study sponsored by the Pew Research Centre soon revealed that a large number of Nigerians who "put their Ogun over" Mr. Trump "will take drastic international action."
By means of communications and open-air interviews, Gallup – the phonograph and consultant company in Washington, DC gathered the results of Pew "s peoples survey.
A Tweepsmap review of Trump’s post on the twitter website posed Nigeria fifth in five countries of the world:
Nigerian writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani expounded for the world on a BBC phonograph program, and trump "s appearance as" a brave man "made him attractive to the most populous citizens of the African country:
People admired his stubborn behavior and his delightful speech.
The Americans saw him as a mere man.
His attitude was out of harmony with that of the world.
He was not personified.
But the kind of headship he does not hesitate to speak is not new to us.
As a result, he did not behave as badly as the Americans did.
Religion is another reason.
Followers of Kríst love Trump
Cheta Nwanze, researcher general of SBM Intelligence, told Global Voices:
I wanted to know where this survey had been conducted in Nigeria.
I know it is not throughout southern Nigeria that describes Nigerian love for Trump.
Many of her loved ones are believers, looking out to her as fine examples.
Nigeria, with some 200,000 inhabitants, has two major religions: Faith and Strength.
Strength and Faith make up 50 percent and 48 percent of the population of Nigeria.
According to the study, "the state government agency and the population are divided into regions."
At any rate, Adamawa, Borno, and the state of Yobe in northeastern Nigeria failed to find safety results.
Nigeria has 774 provinces and six provinces.
The Middle East, the North, the North, the North, the South, the South, and the Southeast.
Nwanze "s claim that the majority of the Pew Research studies involve believers in southern Nigeria is unbelievable.
The survey also revealed that many Nigerians, who followed Kríst in Nigeria, "saw the US as a better country (69 percent) than the inhabitants (54 percent)."
After the U.S. commander of Iran, Qasem Soleimani, was killed, the chief of police issued a warning campaign throughout Nigeria to shut the door of "war."
The Nigerian Religious Association describes the death of an upper bullet by which US killed Soleimani as "a war call to the Generation."
Trump has been described as “one of the world leaders of our era who has a strong heart.”
Yet, many Nigerians love Trump.
Twitter becomes a counterfeit news site during the 2019 Nigerian Election
Racial Hate and False News Spread on Twitter
Photo by Nwachukwu Egbunike
This is the second part of a two-part report on ethnic hatred, counterfeit reports, and disruption during the 2019 election in Nigeria.
You can read the first part here.
In Nigeria, globalization is a place where ethnic intolerance and discrimination are as widespread during elections.
During the 2015 FIFA Election season, Twitter has caused Nigeria to engage in conflict and conflict between the two supporters of the group, Goodluck Jonathan (a member of the PDP party and Ijaw) and Muhammadu Buhari (a member of the APC Muslim and Hausa-Fulani).
Tuvita became a tool of ethnic and political hatred.
The 2019 election season is quite different.
On December 15, the RSF issued an opinion on the election campaign that "has been corrupted by counterfeit news."
Nigerians expressed their feelings.
Journalist Abdulbaqi Jari tweeted:
Controversy and politics in African countries
A 2019 survey conducted by Dani Madrid-Morales at Huston College and Herman Wasserman at Cape Town College estimated that in Nigeria, Kenya, and South Africa, "false and fraudulent reports have been used to carry out political ideals."
Many counterfeit reports on social media, especially during elections, have caused "disagreements" among those who use social media "because there is often" counterfeit news, "says Madrid-Morales.
My study of ethnic groups between the December 28, 2018, and the December 29, 2019, and the December 22, 2019, issues of the Nigerian Year’s Election, which were held in Nigeria on April 23, April (to elect president and legislature to the National Assembly) and April 9, April (to elect governor and legislature to the state parliament) showed two major counterfeit events: the newspaper news.
The Controversy of Ethnicity
Peter Obi, deputy Atiku Abubakar, the party candidate (PDP) was the one who faced the threat of racist propaganda during the last election.
Obi was a former governor in the state of Anambra in southeastern Nigeria.
A Web site supporting the declaration of the Buhari-Osinbajo, Coalition of Buhari-Osinbajo Movement distributed a website that accused Obi of “puting the northern Nigerians out of the state of Anambra while he was governor.
Picture 1: A Tweet by the Coalition of Buhari-Osibanjo Movement accuses parents of ‘turning’ the north to their homeland.
Indicator 2: A Tweet by Nasir El-Rufia
Governor of Kaduna State and member of the Governing Body, Nasir El-Rufai, heightened the charges, explaining Obi as "a person of ethnic differences."
El-Rufai "s words did not justify Obi" s position as vice president.
Read: A Nigerian governor warns the foreign government: Participate in our election and ‘return to your homeland’
What really happened?
The Vanguard newsmagazine collapsed in August 2013, and 67 Nigerians, many of whom were from Ibi, were "returned from Lagos and abandoned to the same location in the Upper Iweka region" of the famous Onitsha, Anambra State.
Obi, then governor of the state of Anambra, described this behavior by the Lagos State member ‘Tundeé Vashola as an illegal and a violation of the civil rights of the people who became their citizens.’
Following the outburst of fury, the Premium Times acknowledged Obi "s guilt:
In 2011 he repatriated young mothers to the states of Ebonyi and Akwa Ibom, in southern Nigeria.
Indicator 3: A Twittle by Jubril A. Gawat
When Obi returned customers to the states of Southern Nigeria, he did not challenge the people of the North, accusing the Twitter service of the Coalition of Buhari-Osinbajo Movement (Rock 1) of misrepresentation.
According to the Sahara Reporters report, Mr. Tunde Vashola of APC has even "repatriated 70 North Americans to Kano State for requesting a bargain."
Followers of the APC have also used a counterfeit report against one ethnic group to criticize the champions of the opposing party.
For example, Jubril Gawat, newly appointed Governor-General Assistant on the latest news media, said that the Atiku Abubakar’s candidate’s election was “a candidate for the Igbo tribe.”
Nigeria is a highly ethnic country.
And politicians use this ethnic group as medicine during elections because they need to divide people into “our” and “our” groups.
Therefore, they intend to accuse Obi of deporting the North to their homeland of the persecution that had already existed between the Igbo and the Hausa tribes that led to the Nigerian Civil War.
Their aim, along with the propaganda of counterfeit reports, was to demonstrate Obi as a Biafran activist.
The tribe of Southeast Nigeria, a large number of Igbo citizens, tried to separate the country by means of a three-year civil war between 1967 and 1970.
Hence, it is intended to use the account in the Index 3, which says that "a vote for Atiku is a place for the Igbo tribe..." to steal the defiled hatred of the Hausa and Igbo tribe.
During the 2019 elections, this meant that Atiku was a disciple of the Igbo tribe who had previously tried to separate from Nigeria.
The account in the 1 to 3 refers to ideas that have the power to revive an old event that has not disappeared from both sides.
According to UNESCO, such counterfeit reports influence those “who are strictly aware of the harmful effects of their transmission” and make them "boisterous and distorted."
Anti-racial propaganda puts profound prejudice in the hearts of its listeners, making the hearers sidetracked by false news.
The lie that the Yoruba people are flaming the eggs in Lagos
Indicator 4: Chioma "s image of a twitt [from Twitter opposed and removed] from Chioma presents the fake news that the Yoruba people are burning the eggs in Lagos.
Additionally, the PDP’s supporters used this tribal candidate to win the APC in Lagos State.
Indications 4 and 5 depict the image of the Twittite depicted by a PDP pedestrian who claims that the Yoruba people in Lagos have been burning the eggs.
The reports were false, and the Lagos State Police quickly revealed the truth to eradicate it.
A Facebook account that uses almost all the words in the index 4, along with the slide of the tires that were used to block the road, divides the news of the lie.
African Check reports that this is a picture taken from a protest site on April 24, 2017, which took place in a suburb near Pretoria in South Africa.
Paragraph 5: A Twittle depicting the fake news that the Yoruba people were flaming to the IGP in Lagos II
A turning point to the political thinking
On June 13, Souljah’s TWITER said Ballard Partners, an Alukoro company hired in Washington DC, to make a declaration to Abubakar as President, conducted a underground investigation that foreshadowed the appeal of the opposition party PDP.
On May 5, the report of the investigation, signed by Brian Ballard, director of Ballard Partners, was submitted by Mr. Saraki, director general of the Abubakar election.
The Souljah twin spread around a crowd of thousands, and thousands repaired it for reasons of independence.
The election day for the president’s election was held on May 16 (returned to May 23), and PDP’s opposition was affected by the results of the three days leading up to the election.
Read: Nigeria postpones 2019 votes due to ‘organisms and implementation’
Indicator 6: The Souljah Picture of a Twittle
But on September 13, Ballard Partners said the study was different (Articles 7) and described it as "a fraud" and confirmed the absence of "an investigation of the PDP party."
Ose Anenih, a support of the PDP, accused some of the APC members of the Republic of Tuvita who announced the results of the investigation to the Nigerian police and the INEC for “crime and illegal” attempts “to interfere with elections.”
But this was not the first time in the elections that political opinions on the world were being carried out through fraudulent reports.
Subject 7: A Tweet by the Ballard and Partners that denies false investigation.
Many lies about the president "s helper
Subject 8: A Tweet by Lauretta Onochie, by Lauretta Onochie, assistant of the president
On April 4, 2018, Lauretta Onochie, a helper to Buhari [who at the time was the president’s athlete] tweeted (Reference 8) a picture with a price of 500 pounds distributed to the audience on the second day of the election campaign for Abubakar as president in Sokoto, northeastern Nigeria on the preceding day.
The accusations of Onochie were false. In fact, in a public setting that did not relate to “the election talk” in “Old Decade 2017′′, Chuba Ugwu shed light on this in reply to a comment.
One international news agency (ICIR) has reviewed over 1,000 images that Onochie has distributed on Twitter between August 1, 2018, and August 31, 2019.
World War II Opposition: issue in Nigeria
Article 26 of the Nigerian Constitution on ethnic cleansing regulates "fighting and abusive speech against people because of their race, religion, skin color, race, or nationality."
Those imprisoned by the crown would be sentenced to five years in prison or to a minimum of $28,000 or both.
In April of this year, the Enough is Enough in Enough Enough Nigeria (EIE), a group of youths and Paradigm Initiative (PI), a law-enforcement agency, launched the trial of Onochie and his assistant governor, Gbongana Godpomi, at a court in Abuja.
Both organizations "make a summary of the attacks of Onochie and Godpomi on globalization" that have been found to violate the 2015 international law on globalization.
Read more: How will the 2019 Nigerian Presidential Election be organized?
A collection of Twitter warriors who share lies
Many of the examples quoted above are not unintentional; they are specifically trying to make false portions as if they were true.
This is not surprising, since the APC and PDP have become world warriors in order to make a "evangelical demonstration" against them or to “defend” them in front of the election.
Both groups have used "the warrior of the world" — "a government or political party that has been commissioned to manipulate the minds of the citizens of the world."
This year’s election is the 2015 edition, in which APC and PDP have played a part in the spread of false and false news and propaganda in an effort to fulfill the views of politicians “in the campaigns they “carefully planned to deceive unwary voters,” says Nigerian scholar Eshemokha Austin Maho.
This has been accomplished through “the establishment of false Web sites on the world” and “untrustworthy reports for the fulfillment of political opinions”.
As a result, twitter became an anti-Semitic and anti-Semitic field in Nigeria before the election, during the election, and after the 2019 election.
This article is part of a series of statistics that examine the use of ethics and social media in seven major African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project was sponsored by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
The Black Land obtained $3,000 from the Great Bank for the Flood of the Institute of Volunteer Wisdom
The wise volunteers of the Black Land were to ‘receive the fruit of the abundant riches representing reaping’
Nigeria’s D’Banjij Road Scenario is speaking at CAX Festival in Cairo, Egypt, in 2018. D’Banjij told the businessman that “earnest and praiseworthy of freedom is petroleum shortage.”
Thro history, cultural and intellectual institutions have accomplished much in terms of economic development, their contribution, and the ability to bring about social and cultural changes.
In 2013, the CCI received 2,250 dollars from the United States and 29.5 jobs worldwide 3 of these projects from the African and Middle Eastern Arabian communities, according to the World Federation of Education, Education, and Education (UNICEF).
As a result, the Afreximbank, with the cooperation of UNESCO and the Green Growth Fund, set up the Creative Africa Exchange (CAX), which will "stay to be the combination of the material and material resources of the free and intellectual industry" that will continue to operate in the region.
CAX was launched in Cairo, Egypt, at the Black Land Market, in May 2018.
Wise volunteers from the branches of music, art, role models, guards, poems, printing, paintings, and videoconference represent the Day of Freedom of Wisdom in Kigali, Rwanda, on June 16-18, 2020.
He declared himself to be "the first observance of the blacksmith to promote the interchange between the wise and the practicers of the blacksmith country," which included some 2,000 participants from the country 68.
On the second day of the celebration in Kigali, Professor Benedict Oramah, president of the Afreximbank, announced 500,000 U.S. dollars "worth to support the development and commerce of African culture and strategies" for two years, New Times Rwanda commended the news.
Omarah told the guests at the ceremony that the relief fund, which would contribute to the previous work of the Bank, would be available to the Bank, which would be used for those interested in it.
He accurately described the magnitude of the Black Land "s scholarship, and no means would compel them to reap the abundant fruit of riches, as Afreximbank explains.
He continued:
Because of the lack of commerce in the industries of art and culture, the Black Land is not in the marketplace of the mental-health industry, and much self-examination as shown in music, drama, poetry, art, and the world "s electronic media.
Black nations import more luxury than those sold abroad or among themselves.
He commended Egypt for “the development of the oceans of wisdom within the past ten years.”
In May 2019, Afreximbank was awarded at the International Fashion Awards (IFA) in Cairo for its contribution to the support of the African indigenous technology industry.
Omarah likewise commended the Nigerian Nollywood showers.
On the Twitter platform, the athletes expressed appreciation for the convention at the Intare Stadium in Kigali:
In a speech at the CAX 2018 vacation day in Cario, a Nigerian husband, D "Banj, told the bank and business staff:
What is needed from your youth is for you to understand the art of cleanliness of oil and should be praised for the company.
The CAX weekend with the IATF2020, from 1-7, in Kigali, will follow the latest CAX 2020 vacation day.
Speaker in Nigeria joins team members to mark the 2020 World Sound Day
Radio — an invisible and portable means of growth.
A man carrying a long-distance sound system, photograph by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma "aji, the CC BY 2.0.
There is no lie that the Broadcasting machine is a media tool before it has worked very hard for the world "s big development.
The Council of Europe and the United Nations for Education, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO) decided to set aside the 13th April as the International Sound Day.
UNESCO set aside this day to open the eyes of people to the influence of the sound system in life—an invisible and portable broadcast system.
Nigerian spokesmen joined international broadcasters to celebrate that day and to promote the grand development of the worldwide broadcaster system.
"The radio is changing processes, and yet the radio is still the most useful tool for the masses of people, the most effective tool in all the methods used by the media because it has the power to reach long distances and remote countryside...
George Bako spoke at the International Sound Day conference in Lagos, Nigeria.
Photo by Son of Jóba, authorized to use.
FRCN — also called Radio Nigeria — is the leader of the Nigerian phonograph industry, along with fans across Lagos on three Web sites: Radio One 103.5 FM, Metro 97.7 FM, and Bond 92.9 FM.
Each website — with its fans and listeners — uses English, English edition, Hausa, Igbo, and Yoruba.
Broadcasting is still the best channel for printing in Nigeria. FM (Adjusted Broadcasting) is the most popular, AM (Adjusted Broadcasting) followed, as by Media Landscape European Journalism Centre—with broadcasting worldwide.
In 2019, Nigeria Diary Radio Stations Ratings of August showed Bond FM ranked the top listener website in Lagos State.
On the basis of the event, speakers from all over Nigeria announced their interest in the radio via Twitter:
Dan Manjang, coordinator of Plateau Broadcasting and Advertising, welcomed public speakers for the "every effort, effort, and season" of the media and various informative programs:
The broadcasts in Nigeria began in 1933 with the History of the National Radio (RDS), which is the ideal public recording of sound equipment for the British Broadcasting Service.
In 1950 the RDS wore new clothes — it became the National Sound Office of Nigeria (NBS) — and later the National Sound Office of Nigeria (NBC), with its audio networks in the Nigeria branch. NBC became the National Sound Office (FRCN) in 1978.
"The first radio station in Nigeria was established at Ibadan in 1939.
Kano was on the website in 1944, "according to the international news agency Legit.
Legit explained that the first radio broadcast in Nigeria, RayPower FM, was released in 1994, and by 2007 news reports were being broadcast worldwide.
Radio has served as a test tool for those in positions of authority, legislation, and publicity that will play a significant role in people.
In 2019, Nigeria’s National Broadcasting Committee (NBC) dismissed African Independent Television and RayPower FM as a result of launching an illegal campaign.
Also in 2019, Jay FM in Port Harcourt was killed after being charged with governmental opposition.
Radio Nigeria advertised itself as "a thousands of years of broadcasting company" and joined the international radio station for the 2020 International Broadcasting Day.
Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma "aji, authorized to use it in accord with CC BY 2.0.
Radio that produces unity and promotion
UNESCO urged all the cities to mark the International Sound Day by means of networking programs with audio stations, government agencies, private and non-governmental companies around the world.
The theme of this year "s International Broadcasting Day, the 14th, is" Broadcasting and Variety. "
The Nigerian Radio is awakening its meditation on human development and the unification of an intellectual, educational, and social network that energizes Nigerians to cultivate citizenship.
This applied to a period of divisive, ethnic, and political instability that affects Nigeria.
Prospective City Statistics for 2019 ranked Nigeria 14th in the world, 9th in the Black Land.
Since 2011, Boko Haram, an Islamic activist in the northeastern part of Nigeria, has feared the hearts of the people and the unprecedented destruction of their violent attacks.
Read more: Nigeria: Failed city — truth or discernment?
In an effort to further the development of the country’s economy, the government of the Republic of Lagos, the FRCN, has launched a special campaign to mark the 2020 World Radio Day.
The games began with a 1,200-page drama contest on "My interest in the radio" for the students of high school.
The students of the newspaper produced a 5th-minute program designed to coordinate key phonograph projects for the development of stabilizing goals.
The winner of the Mater Christi Catholic Girls "High School Theatre, Lagos State, invited him to commemorate his first radio broadcast at the age of 5:
It seemed that when I first had my sound system, I was five years old.
I printed his own trunks, and he shone.
To my surprise, I heard the voices coming out of the "Box" and imagined that people were inside it.
I became a slave and asked my father what it was and he explained what the radio was to me.
On December 12, students of high school, students of the media, broadcasts, and broadcasts in the media and radio broadcasts were present at Lekki Coliseum in Lagos for a conference to discuss the importance of broadcasting for development.
On December 12, students of high school, students of the media, broadcasts, and broadcasts in the media and radio broadcasts were present at Lekki Coliseum in Lagos for a conference to discuss the importance of broadcasting for development.
Photo by Son of Jóba, used with permission.
During the heat of the day, delegates of Lagos State, Mr. Gani Adams, President of the Kakanf Road of Yoruba, and other visitors gathered in Lekki Coliseum for a supper and a celebration of World Broadcasting Day.
Chief evangelizers, such as Cordelia Okpei and others, spoke on the occasion.
A mark of industriousness and service goes to the deserving ones.
The program came to an end with the streets to extort the calls of hearers to the air, where people were invited to declare “Happy World Sound Day” in different languages and tongues:
No one was unable to participate. The voices of the World Voice team came to the air on the Metro 97.7FM website, and retired speakers read the news and entered the program.
The first ‘is the National Radio Broadcasting Day of 2020, but workers and radio fans hope to celebrate it annually.
The chieftain hopes that the Yorubaites will accept the ‘alphabetic ‘alphabetic ‘alphabetic ‘alphabetic’
Will the new Yoruba policy be applied in the future?
Chief Tolelah Oguntsin stood by the carpenter of the king of the Republic of Yugoslavia, the Honor of the House of Love.
It was designed by the Chief Ogunthosnin.
Following the worldwide declaration of the World Heritage Year 2019 and the Declaration of the International Heritage Year 2022-2032, many Nigerians have embarked on a series of special campaigns involving the development of African languages.
The use of the Latin-language method of Yoruba would soon be the culmination of the curse in which the son of Caia-yo-jiri, Chief Tolúl-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-Olu-O
The New Yoruba alphabet had hoped to replace the Latin that had been used for a hundred years and more.
According to Chief Oguntósin "s World Voice interview on whatsapp, these spectacular alphabets appeared to him in a dream.
Now he travels throughout the country—from Benet to Nigeria—to proclaim his "alphabet speaking" as sent by the daughters.
The Chief of Faith Ogunthosin said that the Orthodoxy, the ancestor of the Yoruba generation, used the alphabet in ancient times—but it has been forgotten.
In all, 25 are the signs.
Linguists in the Black Land say that in order to make progress toward the Black Land, it needs to have a code of spelling or a code of writing that belongs to it.
The Niger-Congo dialect, an ancient and sophisticated dialect of the Yoruba language, was not to be misinterpreted for the writing of his life "s ideas and experiences.
Read more: Misunderstandings in English: The change in language
In 1843 the Crowther of the Society of Servants of Faith (CMS) introduced the Yoruba Codex by applying the Latin code with additional signs—or signs of sound.
Since then, thousands of books have been printed in Yoruba through the use of the Latin text rather than Ajami, a Arab code that had previously been used in the Writing of the West African languages, such as Yoruba and Hausa, before 1843.
The apologists acknowledged that the land was enslaved by the Latin tradition, which was a foreign registration, for the restoration of African languages.
This new codex was declared in harmony with the hieroglyphics of Egypt, the Adrinka of the Akan race in Ghana, the Ge "ez of Ethiopia, the map of the Nsibidi of the Middle East of the Middle East dating from about 5,000 years before Jesus" birth, and the Vai alphabet was the origin of the Arctic.
An examination of the ‘alphabetic speech ‘
The World Voice Ruler of the Russian Federation, Mr. Yoobba interviewed Mr. Oguntozen via whatsapp to find out how he had found this new phonograph.
The chief Ogunthosnin, now 43 years old, explains that after his father "s injury in 1997, he had to take on the responsibility of fatherly care for his younger siblings.
Yet, as the chieftain of Yoruba, the promotion of his culture centered on the unity of the Odducees was something that deeply touched his heart and acted as a soldier among them.
As the promotion of this culture expanded, it was not as satisfying as it was.
In 2011 he added 2, 3, which ran through the lawn.
He was told to go to his family "s shrine in the Farasian region of Badagry, Lagos State, Nigeria, and to find guidance that would point to what Eledomer had sent him to the earth.
At the shrine, he found a “strange thing” that he brought back to his home in Porto-Novo, Ben.
When he came home, darkness covered a birimbirim "s room.
There was no light in the guest "s room, and he could see by means of the radio.
He put the strange thing on the couch and lightened the sound system, amazed him, and lost what he had put on the couch.
He uncovered the house before finding it in secret.
That night, he dropped the strange under the countryside, telling the World "s Voice:
I dreamed of going to the sun.
When I arrived, darkness broke down, and the alphabet was shown to me in symbol of light.
Whenever I fall asleep, this dream is the same in a marvelous way, moving from place to place, teaching people how to use the new handle...
For three years, he never stopped talking about the alphabet, seeing again and again, but he did nothing about it.
About this time, in 2016, I went to the sun again and met a man named Larmuddu, who taught me the alphabet "s sound and commanded me to illuminate the knowledge of writing and reading of the sign of confidence worldwide.
I look old in dreams—and tired—when I get up from sleep.
It began to be fearful of the Chief of Oguntius — weary from the inside, saying to the World "s Voice.
He decided to relate the dreams to the Chief Agent of Fascism in Port-Novo, who had enlightened him to do as he had been ordered in a dream.
As a result, he was traveling from region to region in the United States to spread the knowledge of the Orthodox alphabet.
Drawings of teachers who taught the students to write the Orthodox alphabet in a schoolroom in Ben:
The promotion of the Yoruba alphabet
In 2017, Oyoye Oguntósin, along with the Supreme Sovereign of the Republic of Yugoslavia at home and on the outskirts, made a bribe to Mr. Rauf Aredeyola, former state ruler of the State of Oshun, in the capital of the state of Oshoro, e one-language Nigeria, to ask for support of the new Odduwa alphabet.
The Nigerian Ministry of Home Affairs has now numbered 114,000.
A letter to the governor of Oshun State commemorated the plans to build the new alphabet that had not yet been fulfilled.
Three years have passed, sadly, and the promise of the former Governor, Mr. Arelechola, to ensure that the new alphabet is a building has not yet been fulfilled in schools in the Southeast of Nigeria.
Toward the end of the celebration of the Old Testament, Mr. Ogunthosin had written a book and had compiled an illustration and explanation that unleashed the complete manuscript of the new Testament—for the most widely viewed edition — and for the younger generation who had no money to complete it.
Mr. Oguntósin has forgotten the YouTube, WhatsApp, and Facebook: "The Teaching of the Crossword Puzzle" and “Alfabet of Crossword Puzzle” promote and educate students who are interested in learning the codex.
He appealed to all concerned individuals to the promotion of a discovery that would disregard the principle of Amonism and give the Yoruba nation the proper identity associated with linguistic development.
A kind man, Sunday Adeniy, sponsored the publication of 1,000 editions of the "Alfabet of the Pygmies" for elementary school students.
Read: Misinterpretation: Why the Google Translator fails — in English—and in other languages
The text of the alphabet is available in Igbo, Hausa, English, and French, yet the alphabet "s distribution is not supported too much.
The clandestine step involved the clandestine clergyman.
However, drawing from the Latin principle to a new one would present a challenge.
On the contrary, the Orthodox alphabet will be the one that will contribute to the development and development of the Yoruba language — what the Yoruba generation will call ours.
Misunderstandings in English: The change in language
Are you referring to bread or bean cake?
The Nigerian bread or beans cake is a breakfast in Nigeria, July 11, 2013. Photo by Atimukoh from i Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
International languages have existed since ancient times.
To illustrate, let us look at such expressions as "restaurant," a word borrowed from French into English.
Today, this word — a word that is translated from one language to another without its knowledge — is countless in English as if it were not a borrowed word.
These mother tongues are the result of the worldwide mixture of people, such as tourism, commerce, and commerce.
As a result of interdependence among these people of all sorts, language, phrases, and vocabulary became obscene.
This event does not shed light on the scene.
There are some 40,000 people who speak the Yoruba language in Nigeria, and from 1914 to 1960, Yoruba has become part of the former formative English language.
In the English language, about half the English word is translated "cup" and "copper."
"Phones," "ball," "television," and so forth.
These expressions of "experience" shed light on the English language.
The same can be said of the Hausa idioms spoken by 44 thousand people in Northern Nigeria.
This language uses hundreds of thousands of words from Arabic, such as "blessed," "blessed," "blessed," and "trouble" (" trouble ").
The excitement of the wording in the Yoruba language is the day-to-day use of spoken words as they flow into the language.
You will hear such expressions as "Help the child take the ball."
Adi, a spokesman who is a spokesman in the English language, knows how to use it.
One challenge that the Yoruba language poses is that of the dictates used by the Yoruba idioms to translate the Yoruba-English expressions used in the language rather than the original Yoruba.
For example, the bread — which the Yoruba youths have translated bean cake — is especially part of a conversation with a guest.
The use of vernacular words contributes to a culture—widespread—which makes language more acceptable.
As we now see, sushi Japan has no other name — sushi is Japan.
If this is the case with the Yoruba terms, languages, and customs, it will spread beyond Nigeria and the Yoruba-language field worldwide.
For example, the border was a famous food in Yoruba, especially in the mountains.
This expression has fallen into a new vocabulary if emphasized by the Yoruba mystics.
Translating it as "yam flour" reduces the speaker’s ability—will throw away his position.
The modern-language rendering of the New World Translation is rendered "fanimorious."
It means “beautiful,” or “beautiful,” or “beautiful,” or “beautiful,” or “beautiful,” or “beautiful,” or “beautiful.”
This f "ara with phonophilia and mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual mutual.
As a result, the English idiom was added to the basic text of Yoruba.
Yet, the perfect truth from the Yoruba language has been a blessing to Yoruba.
In time, the multitudes of English as used in Nigeria became addicts to the Oxford English dictionary.
The popularity of the Yoruba language will advance if the smokers contribute to its development; its use in the media is necessary in line with today "s rapidly changing world.
Finally, this will intensify the research of the Niger-Congo language.
Misinterpretation: Why the Google Translator fails — in English—and in other languages
Many mechanical translations have no meaning.
user of the Wikimedia Commons, Nigeria, August 2018 from Wikimedia Commons CC.BY.2.0.
English has dominated electronic communications as "the whole world" language for electronic communications from the start.
In March 2020, as WebTech3 indicates, half of the world "s airport is written in English.
But as the vast majority of people who speak different languages of the world fall to the fore, it breaks up a struggle for one’s own language—an opportunity for interpretation in all its languages.
Many industrialized companies have worked very hard on recording non-English phrases, producing modern-language mechanisms. Google, Yor Names, Masakhane MT and ALC are examples of the major companies and the few newly developed companies that have collaborated technology with non-English languages.
In the meantime, after four years of rest, it will include Kinyarwanda, Uighur, Tatar, Turkmen, and Odia in five new languages.
A man viewed himself as anxious when he was reading a statement about the universe. The illustration of the Greater Oladim, a revision from the chapter of Pexels.
But have you ever made the best choices of an observable translation?
Similarly, it is irregular, irregular.
Controversy and difficulties arise when such a translation is involved and the use of it.
Twitter translates English into English by means of a permissive rendering of the Google Translation system, with a negative effect constantly — and each word consistently.
The cause of such frauds is more than that technological companies have produced their vocabulary for word-for-word interpretation.
Collections of these words may work in some languages, but in Nigeria, two languages, such as Yoruba and Isho, face this challenge, due to the lack of the number of words and inserted sentences that point to the sound of the voice.
In response to the challenge that took four years for Google to add five new languages, the company "s spokesman revealed:
A translated phrase is collected on a global scale, but if the language does not have enough phrases on a global scale, it is difficult for our computer to support such languages
Nevertheless, thanks to advances in engineering, as well as the free translation team, these languages have been supported by ecent advances in our machine.
Also, in these languages many people do not know how to make sure that a word — or a word-for-word — is written.
Therefore, an accurate interpretation is not a summary because these mistakes cannot be recognized.
Many machine translations have no meaning, especially sentences that relate to more than one translation.
For example, the expression "the queen" has a different meaning.
Many machines render the meaning of both expressions "queen."
Still, it is vital to say that the queen and the queen have different meanings: The queen means "queen" in English while the queen is "wife of the king."
Despite these misunderstandings, technology has contributed to the development of African languages in the earthly courtyards, which have produced new vocabulary.
Black language has advanced through the use of new gadgets and gadgets, producing new phrases that refer to these new gadgets.
This explains how these languages are used.
As a result of these new technologies, the number of African languages has increased.
English, for example, contains such phrases as air conditioner (" air conditioner "), telephone (" phone "), and grinder (" grinder ").
The Malagasy language, on the other hand, has a word like i ekwè ("telephone ") and a bar ("vehicle ").
These names were created according to their work.
In the Theological and Advertising Studies, the students have learned that many people call TV videotapes.
This creation raised questions and opinions—some students argued that the artist could be called an audio machine because of the work being done.
The challenges of technology are the ones that will contribute to the development of language—an incentive for linguistic and technological advancement.
In 2019, according to CNN reports, Google opened its first AI research site in Accra, Ghana, aiming to "make the translator Googlu more fluent in English."
Research scientist Moustapha Cisse, head of the Google AI in the United States, believes that it deserves "a land that has more than 2,000 branches to be a job opportunity.”— CNN reports.
Mozilla and BMZ announced their collaboration to promote a special campaign on radiotechnology for the African Republic, and with such volunteer projects, the future of African-language research has improved.
The churches in Greece and North Macedonia refused to change their religious values in order to reject the COVID-19 pandemic
"The Lord" s Evening Meal "), a 1442 mosaic depicted by Fra Angelico.
As the number of people infected with COVID-19 increased in the Balkans, some churches did not alter religious procedures that could cause the spread of Coronavirus.
Religious procedures known as the Eating and Drinking of the Lord "s Blood or the Last Meal in which professed Christians who adhered to the old religious procedures would distribute the sanctified wine along with the same birth, the Greedy Congregations would partake of the empty cakes offered by the priest.
The World Health Organization (WHO) urges us to live in a low-risk environment and to control our health so as to reduce the number of blood transfusions that can be passed through transfusions, infections, and air pollution.
In its issue of September 9, the Ancient Greek Church stated that it would not change religious values for protection.
Similarly, he said that "coronavirus cannot be infected with the body of the Lord" s Eating and drinking of the blood, and that the sons of God should pray earnestly about the killer "s disease."
The bishop of GOC Klimis, of the Central Peristeri, near Athens, stated that it would be contrary to the Lord if anyone claimed that religious principles could infect him:
Eating and drinking blood are life.
It was a miracle.
It is contrary to the Lord "s belief that man can infect the Eating of the Lord" s body and the drinking of his blood.
COVID-19 was hit by 89 people in Greece, with no survivors.
Greek authorities, who had destroyed schools and banned assemblies and prevented disasters, urged the Church to reorganize.
On a religious vacation last week, the president and government officials went to a religion.
In the neighboring city of Greece, it seems that North Macedonia, the Old Catholic Church of Macedonia – Ohrid Archbishopric is on the same path.
Although the Church has not yet made any announcement of the epidemic, it gives members of the congregation as much food and blood as it normally does.
News came when the presence of the Prespa-Pelagonia Diocese Center published the Russian province of Pravoslavie.ru (a translation of the "Old Faith ") saying that it is" impossible for believers to get sick from the church "s religious system."
The article was signed by Russian clergyman Sergey Adonin, who claimed to have a doctor-patient experience in life.
He added in the article that the same use of fertilization as it had been in the seventh century of the Bizantium world did not cause harm, for "faith in God protects both the priests and the laity."
In North Macedonia those adhering to the religious principle are not wrong with the religious principle of the institution.
For example, the old-fashioned videoconferencing activist—a former activist who had made protests against rape—wrote on Twitter that he had engaged in harmful religious practices:
TWITH: I ate and held the Lord "s Blood on the Last Day of Immortality in the Holy Annunciation School at Skopje Hospital!
What was the problem?
Head title: Despite all the requests of the health organization: Believers consume the Lord "s blood without fear of coronavirus.
Sladjana Velkov, a renowned opponent working in Serbia and North Macedonia, recently noted that "it is not so strong" and that it is "a mere flu, unlike the previously known flu that affects the elderly or the weak."
In Italy, where 631 people were killed and 10,000 were infected, a recorder tweeted:
On average, there are about seven people infected with COVID-19 in North Macedonia; 25 in Slovenia; 13 in Croatia; 6 in Albania; 5 in Serbia; 5 in Bosnia; 7 in Montenegro.
There are now about 28 people in Romania, 6 in Bulgaria.
A Believer everywhere
The world has seen how the first coronavirus of this kind can help at a religious assembly.
Last month more than 7,400 people in South Korea—a country that seems to be infecting the disease—werely infected by the COVID-19 murderer’s disease at the institut of Jesus’ Shincheonji Congregation.
The eight-year-old head of the group was charged with a criminal activity — commonly called a bribe — and appealed for forgiveness.
On the other hand, the Korean Ancient Religious Organization announced its religious transformation according to the Ministry of Health:
1. All believers will suffer injustices during religious times.
2. Before entering the House of Worship, they bought their hands using insects at the entrance of the House of Worship.
3. No one will be taken away.
4. The priest of the congregation would not be kissed.
5. They will not kiss the Icons, but they will submit to them.
6. Prayer books will not be used during religious times.
7. They would not receive the Cakes from the Congregation Priest, but they would go out of the house of worship on their own.
8. The Memorial meal will not be divided on the day of immortality.
9. Neither social nor spiritual meetings will be held.
Some churches in Britain are changing their religious values, such as the Roman Catholic Church of Italy.
Croatian religious organizations have adopted laws against the disease, and in France a sacred tour site in Lourdes is closed.
The Romanian Ministry of Ancient Religious Affairs issued a decree "which was to be followed in the face of an epidemic):
Faithful dreaders of the killer "s plague are bound to destroy the scenes of religious icons.
They could, in any case, say to the priest that their birth was to be used according to the Lord "s Blood.
After Italy ordered that all four cities be destroyed, inhabitants, such as the Czech Republic, carried on a number of projects on April 10, when schoolmates were closed.
The North Macedonia government declared the state of affairs, and for two weeks it closed the residents, schools, and even high schools of Iphasit.
Check Examine the special functions of the World Voice on COVID-19 in the world.
Nigeria legalizes transportation for those infected with COVID infection 19
13 countries with more than 1,000 COVID-19 migrants
Picture by Pete Linforth in Pixabay. Picture with the license of Pixabay, for public use.
Consider the Global Voices special report on the impact of COVID-19 worldwide.
According to the COVID-19 virus, five more people have been confirmed infected, a total of eight in Nigeria.
The number of victims increased to eight days after Dr. E. Osagie Ehanire confirmed on April 16, the third victim of COVID-19 infection was found, namely, "a Nigerian of over 30 who had recently arrived from the United Kingdom on March 13,."
The patient isolated himself for the 14th day in Lagos, during which time he began to have symptoms of malaria and asthma.
The patient is in the infection clinic in Yaba, Lagos State.
He is calming down and responding positively to treatment.
As the number of people infected with COVID-19 increased in Nigeria, the federal government heard the public announcement on April 18, by banning travelers from 13 countries: China, Italy, Iran, South Korea, Spain, Japan, France, Germany, Norway, the United States, the Netherlands, and Switzerland of over 1,000 infected with Koronavirus.
Those who had previously entered Nigeria from these countries had to make a separation for the 14th day.
It was announced on 27 that an Italian traveling to Nigeria was the first person infected with COVID-19 virus.
Read: An Italian traveling to Nigeria experienced the first COVID-19 virus
The second person confirmed with the virus, according to the NCDC, was the one traveling to meet the first person who had contracted the virus and now recovered from two diagnosis.
The other was released from the disease and was released from home on April 13, 2020, according to the NCDC.
COVID-19 treatment has not been satisfying to many citizens of the world, and it calls for strong measures to prevent the spread of the disease in Nigeria.
Ayobami announced that the NCDC had delayed and advised them to "stop showing and start working!"
"We should be afraid," says Gideon, that COVID-19 tests are delaying in Nigeria.
"Legalize travelers who want to enter from other nations," especially those from the countries where the disease is prevalent, commented journalist Bayo Olupohunda:
Dr. Whitewalker also asserted that there is nothing wrong with banning travelers during the time of reducing the spread of disease in order to prevent infections during the spread of such a disease.
Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, head of the NCDC, pleaded that they are "GREATly trying to do all they can):
On April 17, the Senate had ordered that airplanes from the affected countries, such as the United Kingdom and China, be banned until the following day.
Cable Nigeria reports that all those from the affected countries will be isolated with care for 14 days.
The Federal Government banned visa delivery in Nigeria.
The ban began on April 21, 2020, and will continue for four weeks to be postponed after the conference.
Read: COVID-19 in Africa: ‘An unprecedented development’ as the nations are preparing for the spread of disease
Many African countries are taking steps to reduce the spread of COVID-19 virus.
These measures included restrictions on travel from countries affected by the COVID-19 virus.
Inadequate management
Some disasters relate to the lack of adequate health care for those infected with COVID-19 virus in Nigeria.
On April 11, a 70-year-old woman who had spent five months in the United Kingdom returned to Nigeria.
Shortly after his arrival, he contracted COVID-19 symptoms on April 13, and he was rushed to the Teaching Hospital in Enugu (ESUTH) Colliery Parklane, in southeastern Nigeria.
He was set aside in ESUTH Colliery Parklane, and his ban was passed on April 14, to the NCDC.
On April 15, she died after the NCDC announced that she did not have COVID-19 virus.
Yet, in a letter to the governor of Enugu State, the daughter accused the hospital staff of "dishonoring" her mother, placing her in a "sturdy house."
A COVID-19 infection victim in Lagos State, the capital of Nigeria, was diagnosed with inadequate treatment.
On April 17, David Hundeyin, a journalist with News Wire, submitted an unprecedented monitoring of the suspected COVID-19 virus at the Dangote plant in Ibeju-Lekki, Lagos State, which has been causing terror among the workers.
On April 12, after some stay in Cairo, Egypt, an indigenous waterproof worker from Mumbai arrived in Nigeria.
Hudeyin "s study revealed that the man who was repairing the water staff began to suffer" fever, headache, headache, and intolerance "the next day he arrived from India.
Yet, "there is no indication that anyone in the Dangote company has tried to contact" the affected health-care agencies.
Hudeyin noted that the company is using the opportunity of "a law-enforcement environment" in Nigeria "to advance its profit," putting the lives of its employees and the entire community at risk.
This report led the company to express their opinion that the patient had been transferred to an infected hospital in Yaba, Lagos.
In what way does COVID-19 affect China "s political and future in the world?
A Chinese border picture of a four-word 武汉肺炎, meaning "Wuhan lungs" (continually used in Chinese), as the epidemic was known at the outset, before it changed its name to COVID-19.
We obtained permission to use pictures.
What started in the river food market, as is the case with local health problems, has become a big issue for China.
Following Wuhan’s insecurity resolution in June 12, 2019, a series of events unfolded and threatened the Chinese community and the Beijing’s political integrity.
Governments, communities, and central governments are responsible for interrupting news issues that will benefit the public for weeks.
When they were resurrected to announce ways to stop the spread of the epidemic, the celebration of the annual Chinese new year was imminent.
And doctors and scientists are studying and analyzing the possible source of the disease that was then known as Wuhan "s insecticide, which, in turn, causes COVID-19, the insecticide that causes respiratory and liver disease.
An estimate of the common cause of the disease concludes that the insecticide is derived from the Chinese meat of serpents or domestic animals, sold at the marketplace of Huanan wet in Wuhan, where many feel that it is the source of this insecticide.
One question that needs to be answered is that of the pathology: whether it can spread from one person to another, and how many lives can cause this disease from one person who has it.
Statistics from health scientists have revealed extensively from humans to humans that the bacterium will remain in the body for a while before the infected person sees its symptoms, thus preventing detection of the infected person.
Regarding the spread of the disease, which epidemiologists call the “foundation number of growth”, it is believed to be between 2 and 3 at the end of Lunar months, but consultation and research are ongoing if there are practical information available.
As the number of victims increased rapidly, China "s thirst for Hubei and its Emperor, Wuhan, has had a tremendous influence on health care, with a total population of 60,000.
As the number of infectious diseases increased throughout China, health officials have become increasingly active and have become increasingly active in providing adequate health care for the billions of elderly populations.
But Wuhan "s insecticide is, not just a health attack, but a period of political integrity.
The confidence of the government that he told the townspeople that there was no danger in the fields at the beginning, until there was no harvest and no trust in their governments and that this had occurred not only in the Hubei region.
The Beijing government was criticized for holding back the SARS epidemic that occurred between 2002 and 2003, as it hidden accurate reports from the World Envy Organization (WHO).
The chancellor of China, Xi Jinping, remained silent about the epidemic until on June 20, when he announced to the public a month after the epidemic had erupted.
The power of the media is steadily rooted in China, and the leadership of the U.S. trade and economic decline, as well as the solution to Wuhan "s insecurity problem, will be reached in 2020.
Communication companies in Mozambique and Cape Verde set up altars for mobile phones to keep residents at home
Via Santa Maria, Cape Verde. Photo by Miccaela, Wikimedia Commons. CC-BY 3.0
Recognize the special impact of the World’s Voice’ on the global impact of the COVID-19 insect
In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, state communications companies in Mozambique and Cape Verde are giving citizens a tribute on mobile phones.
By this time, Mozambique had a list of 10 people infected with COVID-19 but none of them had survived, but 6 in Cape Verde had been infected and one had become a slave.
Last week, the two nations had issued a month "s emergency law on a global epidemic, making it possible to make an additional one.
As by a news agency in Portugal Lusa:
Translation Original Quote
Today, the Cape Verde Communication Committee, CV Móvel and Unitel T+, announced a joint campaign that will increase the number of MB 2,000 to encourage residents to stay home in the face of the COVID-19 pandemic.
“Fica em Casa” (" a gift to stay home ") in the English language, the two companies have launched the campaign on the f" headlines to “make the Cape Verde community seated in the home.”
This is a special gift for both companies, and in addition to the 2,000 MB, a 15-minute free call will be made for calling any of the national telephone stations that must be used before 30 April.
COVID-19: Propaganda of MB 2,000 to ensure that the inhabitants of Cape Verde stay under house arrest.
Crowds in Cape Verde have condemned this campaign, for the air pollution is unhealthy:
It "s a joke!"
How many in Cape Verde have fluid air?
In Cape Verde, an island of 560, with a sword 57, according to a 2017 World Bank survey.
During that year, 50 percent of the world "s consumers were consuming too much alcohol.
In Mozambique, where pollution is limited – The same World Bank revealed in a survey that 10 percent of the population of thousands of people has access to videoconferencing – the townspeople’s TmCel telecommunication company has launched the same campaign.
The campaign was full of free gifts from GB 1 to GB 5, which amounted to between 25 and 100 meticals (0.37 and 1.50 U.S.).
Take advantage of the gift #StayAtHome for 25 meticals in one month.
Write *219# to select a gift and stay home with TmCel, for a detailed discussion of the following:
The public welcomed the privilege of making gifts, and a few users on the Twitter site made comments on the following questions:
It is a positive step.
Would it be genuine?
This stay was hardly the experience of the handwashers and lifesaving workers in Mozambique and Cape Verde.
The #coronavirus has revealed the inequality in our society.
As a free gift to some, the law on housing #StayAtHome makes the poor in the community vulnerable: to stay at home without food, to work to improve health, or to threaten the health of the rest of the community.
COVID-19 launched a devastating post-traumatic event in Africa
A black land is not an inspection room "
1st Class Marites Cabreza, child-care worker associated with 354th Civil Affairs Brigade, Special Functioning Team, Combined Joint Task Force-The African Land, is caring for the patient on March 29, 2008, during the special public healing campaign in Goubetto, Djibouti.
Scenario from the U.S. Department of Technology Jeremy T. Lock.
See the ‘World Voice’ Special Report on COVID-19’s global impact.
The scientist and researcher "s efforts to evaluate medicines that are thought to cure COVID-19 in humans have been contributing to the spread of fluids in the Black Land.
On April 1, two French researchers, Physician Jean-Paul Mira and Camille Locht, suggested a digital program that the Black Land should have developed a vaccine for the cure of insecticide bacterium, reports Al-Jazeera.
Mira, head of the Cochin Hospital "s clinic in Paris, compared the study with the study of the AIDS Epidemiology, which says that it was initially tested among businessmen, with a combination of tests because it is well-known that they do not protect themselves and that it is easier for sexually transmitted diseases to attack themselves.”
Both researchers spoke favorably of a discourse on BCG vaccine tests for tuberculosis in Europe and Australia to determine whether the first type of insecticide will be healed.
In Australia, 4,000 health officials are being diagnosed.
The behavior of these researchers is a long-term report involving testing and masturbation, which says that black leaders have collaborated with pesticides — making Europe or the United States a dwelling — to investigate the poorest population.
The interviews of these researchers immediately caught sight of the condemnation and anger of the people, bringing the appendix, "The Blackman is not a vermin."
Ivory Coast football star Didier Drogba tweeted:
On April 3, Mira had apologized for her comments, but after the SOS Racisme movement rejected her, she did so.
During the same week, Congo immunologist Jean-Jacque Muyembe, who is taking the lead in the fight against Ebola pandemic in the Democratic Republic of Congo, announced that DR Congo is "ready to participate in a drug test that will eliminate the future immunodeficiency virus," reports News 24.
Muyembe, the chief committee coordinator of the pandemic and the National Institute of Health, said at a news conference:
We have been assigned to do these inspections...
The vaccine tree will be made in the United States, Canada, or China.
Here we are the keys to the inspection.
Once again, these statements caused the suffering of Congo and other peoples throughout the world who were cousins of Muyembe physician because of his prescription in DR Congo, where the number of victims of COVID-19 was relatively low.
Within a few hours, the physician Muyembe selected his presentation in an illustration and confirmed that it would be used in DR Congo only after the first diagnosis of the herb in US and China:
A horrendous aftermath of trees in the Black Land
Treatment trials in the Black Land — often followed by the necessary "root love" deception and treatment for such deadly diseases as stroke and HIV / AIDS — have hit the stage for decades of inadequate morality—especially before people receive tests and health procedures.
Such services are financed by such worldwide health-care agencies as the World Health Organization, the U.S. National Institute of Disease, and the National Health Organization.
In Zimbabwe, during the past two millenniums, more than 17,000 women who suffered from an illness were tested without authorization of the test teams to use them in the AZT-prevention work that CDC, WHO, and NIH invested in.
And in Kano State, Nigeria, the director of Pfizer pharmaceutical company tested a drug called Trovan in a group of 200 youths when the pandemic broke out.
Many families appealed Pfizer to legal victories before using their children for trials.
Treatment tests are not merely based on racism and rape — they are also causing distrust of public and public health.
Patrick Malloy wrote to the health-care article entitled "Research and Communication: Economic and political analyzing of modern-day drugs in the kidnapping world of Tanganyika" that "the combination of kidnapping and modern-day therapies supports one and the other progress."
From the world of "pestilences of scale" to the world of "pestilences of scale," representatives of the dictatorships often use the Black Sea as a test tool without permission, Malloy writes that "...the blood of the Black Sea is the best tool for the investigation of the trees of the religious world."
He continued:
In Tanganyika and elsewhere in the Black Land, this means that religious leaders may at any time invite their subjects to pass blood transfusions, representing their genes, to a test agency.
These developments are in sharp contrast with what people in the Far East have said about the "associations "who are working for white people whose primary responsibility is to kidnapp the Black Son to receive a medicinal myrrh called mumian.
The Swahili word for the drug is “the clay” or “the blood-borne” — which is now “the blood-borne” substance.
This catastrophic event has produced fruit of uncertainty in vaccination, diagnosis, and drug tests in the Black Land and is active in the work of health agencies working with governments and pharmaceutical companies in the world.
Antiretroviral tests in Kano, Nigeria, produced large amounts of insurgency that did not intensify the decline of antiretroviral tests.
The rumors were spread in the streets, as was the report guiding the district government’s prohibition on the use of herbal remedies in the country in 2003.
Healing after ‘breaking the head’ of forced worship
In view of the foregoing, what will all of this cause for COVID-19 tests in the Black Land?
People of all sorts of egotism and contentiousness say that "the Black Sons are not white rabbit."
The director general of the World Health Organization (WHO) Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus described the behavior of both physicians as "a headache crushing" based on “repressive intelligence” and stated:
It could not have been the Black Land, and it would not have been the test site for any kind of herb.
Nevertheless, fear and lack of trust in herbal tests have made it difficult for health officials to eliminate HIV infection victims and examine them.
In Côte d "Ivoire on June 6, protesters set fire on a COVID-19 examination site, claiming that it was located in an area of high volume and unacceptable.
The BBC reports that the attack “reminded the behavior of people during the epidemic of Ebola in the Western and Central African countries where health officials have been attacked and, in response to the spread of the disease in their neighborhood, have been offered permanent treatment.”
Moreover, in the 2018 epidemic of Ebola in DR Congo, surveys carried out among those infected with Ebola "who follow a moral code" — under the guidance of Muyembe physician and DR Congo government — ultimately saved lives.
By November 2019, when more than 1,000 Congo citizens had been diagnosed, a vaccine wound was stamped.
The WHO should announce that Ebola was no longer in DR Congo on April 12, but after 50 days of infection, a 26-year-old boy contracted Ebola "s hemorrhage and died on April 10.
In addition to the current epidemic of human rights disputes, DR Congo has to stand firm against the spread of the pandemic of insecticide.
The 62 steps he is considering to take to find a COVID-19 vaccine are under way.
Will the larger pharmaceutical companies adhere to high moral standards in the Black Land as they do when making tests in the White Land?
In Burundi, four detained journalists await the appeal
The journalists were accused of interference with security
The Newsroom in Bujumbura, where the broadcasts were removed from the line, dated July 19, 2010.
Four journalists — Agnès Ndirubusa, Christine Kamikazi, Térence Ilocoszenzi, and Egide Harerimana — were convicted of measures to minimize public security and sentenced to prison in May 2020.
All four working with the Iwacu magazine said that they had not violated the law.
They are now waiting for the appeal ruling in their pretrial detention after the judgment on June 6.
Antoine Kaburahe, founder of the newspaper where he lived, wrote:
Scenario: The end of the trial in Bubanza, Iwacu collapsed.
The accusations were not theirs.
The newspapers are doing their job: harassment.
What a relief!
But the judge had not yet ruled, and a month later the matter was over.
Stay steadfast!
A Household for Tragedy
On October 22, Burundi security guards will be with an opposition movement—red-Tabara, which established the Democratic Republic of Congo—in the Kibira Forest.
This area was used by gangs of gangs.
In the struggle, 14 pedestrians were killed, and the security guard 10 continued.
On that day, four Iwacu journalists and their driver, Adolphe Masabaakiza, were put in pretrial detention while they had gathered in Musigati, Bubanza, where they wanted to meet people who had fled the area when the fighting broke out.
First, they were placed in pretrial detention, and Christine Kamikazi was beaten when they were arrested.
The police obtained speakers and equipment that had been demanded for signatures on their devices to check them thoroughly.
The journalists were on our way to another unfavorable colony.
On October 26, in Bubanza, they were charged with "City Security Intolerance."
On the 31st of the tenth month, the analyst gave evidence of this and accused them of being known as the attack of the massacres.
He has called for the establishment of branch offices, including Human Rights Watch, International Federation of Journalists, Olucome, African Journalists’ Federation, and the Burundaise des Radiodiffuseurs.
Nevertheless, the Federal Ministry of Public Information stated that they are not yet able to handle the situation.
Iwacu condemned the report, stating that they were not accused when they were arrested and that it was the agency "s duty to defend the journalists.
Many people claimed to have sided with newsmen and to have sided with complaints on the Internet. The media suffered as a threat to the freedom of the press, and Iwacu continued closely to the issue.
Journalist Esdras Ndikumana tweeted:
Burundi: Four Iwacu journalists (and their drivers) were charged with "trafficking in the city" s safety "because they brought news of the attack on the earth and became Bubanza (Picture by Yaga) prison facilities
After disagreeing with the detention sentence, they were sentenced to the 18th day of the 11th month, and they were shocked when they were sentenced to court on the 11th day of the 11th month to appear before the judge—without the prosecutors.
They refused to respond for the absence of their lawyers and were sent back to pretrial detention until the 18th day of the trial.
On November 20, the decision came that the four reporters would return to pretrial detention, but the driver was released.
They were sentenced to 15 years in prison.
President Pierre Nkurunziza stated at a convention of journalists who came to the world on December 26 that the matter would not need to be judged, but that he would be judged only after we were struck down, with the right to dismiss the case.
On February 30, in Bubanza, the four journalists were sentenced to two and a half years in prison, each paying thousands of francs ($521 U.S.).
The judgment did not specifically indicate that the journalists knew anything about the event, so the accusation turned to "an unrealistic measure of interference with the safety of the city"—they intended to promote the security of the city but was difficult to.
Iwacu explained that the journalists went to the scene after the authorities announced the release, and they obtained licenses and did not have any restrictions on visiting the area.
The only evidence that they found was the whatsapp message signed by one of the reporters to a friend who said that they wanted to "help the rebel forces."
But they did so in vain — opposers, political parties, and propagandists were often united in favor of such actions. the text message was conveyed.
Reporters Without Borders (RSF) stated that the reporters were entitled to report publicly without fear of retaliation at the Burundi election on June 20.
An appeal was written calling for their release, with a peak of 7,000 at the beginning of May.
Among those invited to their establishment were the deputy members of the European Union, the Council of Europe, and the UN responsible for human rights.
On June 20, the journalists said that they were dissatisfied with the judgment, claiming that they were innocent, as well as with the emergency adjustment in their initial accusations.
On June 6, the journalists appeared in an appeal court after being sentenced to six months in prison.
In response to the charges based on the WhatsApp charges, a journalist said that the rebels would come "causing peace."
RFI repeated the case of their lawyer, Clément Retirakiza, in favor of confirmation of the accusations against the journalists, merely seeking to convince the innocent.
Iwacu has long stood out as a prominent politician — the last news agency after the end of 2015.
History of the Journalist "s Suffering
Following the distressing election of the year After 2015—which restored Nkurunziza for the third time declared legislation—an unsuccessful kidnapping.
Hundreds of broadcasting agencies — favored by people for unreasonable reports in Burundi — were executed. Many journalists commended the rabbit victim of others like Esdras Ndikumana
Hundreds of journalists have suffered at the hands of the city police, especially when they gathered “necessary” reports.
At the end of 2015, photographer Christophe Nkezabahizi and three relatives were killed by police during a protest campaign.
In June 2016, Jean Bigirimana disappeared, likely claiming that it was arrested by the SNR, without permission of the police to investigate timekeeping.
This year, on May 16, Blaise-Pascal Kararumiye, correspondent with Radio Isanganiro (Meeting Point Radio) became the police chief after a local government report on local currency.
The world news agency was closed, and BBC and VOA were banned in 2019. RSF to Burundi ranked 160 in 180 countries for freedom of speech — by 15 in 2015.
Women in Nigeria face high levels of pollution
#BringBackOurGirls and #ArewaMeToo reform policies in Nigeria
Members of the Mother "s Savings Club, Nigeria. I" ve Drawed by Karen Kasmauski / USAID in the United States government work, public domain.
In Nigeria the center of political debates is a nuclear bomb.
Discipline and politics often involve religious and ethnic differences.
Popular online advocates—especially on Twitter—should be able to secure hundreds of gbas gbos (Nigerian English for "internationalists") on mobile devices.
feminine advocates — in addition to trampling on harmful identity — are also coping with the attacks of ethnic hatred.
How have female advocates in Nigeria coped with the bitterness of social media, such as slanderous gossip, rejection, and deliberate conversion?
How do they make advancement in their work or work?
The media activists in Nigeria showed the experience of excuses and feminist hatred: #BringBackOurGirls, led by Dr. Oby Ezekwesili; and #ArewaMeToo, supported by Fakhriyyah Hashim, all had the experience of feminist hatred in the political movement that led to their advancement.
#BringBackOurGirls (#BBOG)
Six years ago, on March 15, 2014, some 200 girls under the age of 15 and 18 from the National College of Women in Chibok, near Maidiguri, in northeastern Nigeria, were reassigned to religion by the Boko Haram Islamic movement.
The kidnapping of Chibok girls has also contributed to international intervention.
BBC news agency reports that in February 2014, #BringBackOurGirls also became popular on Twitter with 3.3 victims, 27 of them from Nigeria, 26 from the United States, and 11 from Britain.
Dr. Oby Ezekwesili answers questions with the directors of the UN Women "s Organization #BringBackOurGirls.
UN Women/Ryan Brown, June 14, 2014 (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Dr. Obiageli (Oby) Ezekwesili, former Vice President of the World Bank, and former Minister of Education in Nigeria, began to exclaim about Chibok girls on the very day they were kidnapped.
The campaign was opened on April 25, 2014, when kidnappers kidnapped boys at the National College of Buni Yadi in northeastern Nigeria.
Fifty-six boys were killed by bullets and knives, while others were killed by fire.
Nevertheless, only on Igbe "s 23th day, when the UNESCO hosted him in Port Harcourt, a oil-rich region of the Niger Delta, he appealed to the formation of girls, which became the standard of drinking for all the nations of the world:
On April 7, 2014, U.S. President-in-law Michelle Obama released a picture featuring the sign “Return our girls” in the hands of #BringBackOurGirls.
Similarly, he published a documentary from the White House—which made the kidnapping a global threat.
It took two years for Nigerian soldiers to rescue a girl, in August 2016.
By October 2016, a group of 21 girls joined their family, and in May 2017, Boko Haram freed 82 girls from religious service.
Nevertheless, as many as 112 girls disappeared as a needle and 13 seem to perish, according to a 2018 survey.
Ezekwesili and a group of people took action against the rights of the international #BBOG girls for the formation of Chibok girls.
In time, the revolution turned into an unavoidable immense tree in the harsh Nigerian city squares.
The success of this effort, however, was well worth the expenses of Ezekwesili.
Shortly before the 2015 president "s election, the Chibok kidnapping occurred, causing some to view Ezekwesili" s behavior politically with the support of a political party.
As his eyes of truth were insulted, all his garments of dignity were torn apart.
Others say that your #BBOG efforts are nothing more than politically devastating.
Reno Omokri, the former president "s assistant, accused Ezekwesili of using the APC to corrupt the government and to" undermine "Jonathan" s government, thus opening the APC to "receive the staff."
In 2014 the supporters of former President Jonathan and the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) launched an electronic campaign against Ezekwesili, who said in a Twitter post on June 14, Igbe said during the six-year period when the girls had been disappeared: “I should not be deceived or deceived.
False worshippers claim that Jonathan "s intolerance persists in supporting kidnapped children.
According to him, those who criticized him for self-worth "reasoned that he was not mentioned as a minister in the case of Chibok girls."
How could this be after I rejected the ministry three years before the Chibok girls became religious?
Ezekwesili said in the twitter photo.
He became one of the 2018 competitors, but in time he gave up his position.
On Twitter, Ezekwesili reminds us of his sadness: "It" s heartbreaking for me that children sent to school have become like animals to the point where their parents cannot recognize their children. "
But the politician’s protest against the #BBOG campaign has swallowed his anger and sadness.
#ArewaMeToo and NorthNormal
On March 3, 2019, a young woman named Khadijah Adamua courageously criticized the abuse of her former boyfriend.
Adamua, who lives in the state of Kano, in the northeastern part of Nigeria, has written a blue about his shocking experience.
Nigerian Fakhriyyah Hashim voiced his support to Adamua using the sign #ArewaMeToo:
#ArewaMeToo became a copy of the campaign I International #MeToo in northern Nigeria.
Yet, Relief Web reports that between Belu 2014 and March 2015, northeastern Nigeria, especially in the state of Borno, had a record of rape against women.
In the northernmost Muslim region, the exaggeration on these forbidden words was difficult to convey to those who suffered harm and cycling.
#ArewaMeToo "s rage on the media led to the NorthNormal public protest campaign in Bauchi, Kano, and Niger.
The 15-day NorthNormal eruption came to earth in the last month of the year in eight provinces of Oya and Abuja.
They saw the positive effect of the decision that the legislature "saw the need to listen to the countrymen" as they “kept taking the lead in fighting the VAPP,” explains Hashim.
Hashim went on to say,” Yet, in Sokoto State, the government is arresting the NorthNormal. "
One of the local proconsul of the protests was shocked by the police.
Thereafter, Sokoto, the leader of the Muslim nation of Nigeria, protested.
According to Hashim, NorthNormal rose from #ArewaMeToo and had two sides: admonition for the "VAPP" campaign, and leadership in the campaign for "violence against women and rape throughout the northern part of Nigeria."
The 2015 Rules on Violence Against People (Forbidden) were passed on April 23, 2015.
Under VAPP Proposition — advancement of Nigerian penal law — rape against women is a legal crime.
Among them are rape, extortion of a wife, rape, rape or economic hardship, damaging widowhood, female abuse, and/or the divorce of a child.
In Nigeria, the punishment for rape is a lifelong prison sentence, and a child may be sentenced to 14 years in prison.
When it comes to rape for many, prisoners will be sentenced to 20 years in prison without compensation.
However, Article 47 of the VAPP proposal stated that only Abuja, the capital of Nigeria, has been strengthened by this proposal. NorthNormal and other corporations are announcing that all 36 state legislation will implement this proposal.
Opposition by the advocates
One year after #ArewaMeToo took the city, Hashim said to the World Voices that their adultery was “corrupted by society” and was part of it.
Hashim had a surprising experience in the world when his associates faced "the one who would deal with children in the stages of the neighborhood" of the one who worked in the finance industry as their advocate.
To the World "s Voice:
A campaign against him [children] was launched to obtain employment license from the minister; some did not want to; hence, they took action to violate the lawfulness of the #ArewaMeToo.
According to Hashim, terrorists planned to establish ayaMeToo as a legal entity by uniting ayaMeToo with LGBTQ [loving women, homosexuals, female and immoral males and alien residents] and working toward the ravages of the world.
In Nigeria, marriage between a man and a woman is also illegal under the law of Syria and the law of penitentiary, oral sex, and sexual relations between women suffered in some territories.
By combining Hashim campaigns with the right of the LGBTQ, people blatantly blatantly condemned #ArewaToo and NorthNormal.
Whatever the case, the Voice of the World finds no place for the twittling campaign of Hashim against the rights of LGBTQ.
Yet, Hashim published a message of hope on Twitter:
Fakhriyyah Hashim, one of the founders of #ArewaToo and NorthNormal, was granted permission to use his image.
He said that all this experience helped him “to have more endurance.”—
My experience with political protest on Twitter for a good government has taught me endurance, but that did not make me overwhelmed by the various opposition we witnessed as a result of KaraMeToo and NorthNormal propaganda.
But I did not let it hold me back, and I began to feel discouraged about the Northern Nigerian government and how rape was handled...
After each attack, we gained the strength and the strength to progress because opposition inspired the intense silence of society and the fact that if we allowed time for recovery, we would be putting our head on a field of destruction.
Sadly, Hashim and Ezekwesili are still struggling with the suffering of “a lack of fellow feeling” associated with women’s suffering in both the world and the real world.
For Hashim, "the act he intentionally intends to give a voice to those suffering injury" is hard to handle.
This article is one of the special projects, "A Source of identification: digital law as a guarantee to limit communication growth in the Black Land."
This issue raises questions about the identity of ethnic hatred, ethnic or geographical differences, excuses, and disturbances (especially the disturbances of human rights activists and women "s journalists) that are common in seven African countries: Algeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Sudan, Tunisia, and Uganda.
The project was financed by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
In Assad cities in Syria, rulers now state that ‘there is no coronary disease’
After nine years of devastating civil war, health conditions in Syria deteriorated.
In the cities under the rule of President Bashar al-Assad, their authorities have opposed the COVID-19 revolution.
According to Vfit John Hopkins, the country has discovered a total of 42 earthquakes, killing 21 people until the 15th Sunday.
But the current reports show how the land collapsed and confirmed the existence of COVID-19 disease.
Twenty-three-year-old Walid Abdullah made it known that it was so effective that it condemned the death of indiscriminate people who claimed to have COVID-19.
The World "s Voice uses a name to protect him.
In a speech with the World Voice, Abdullah explained that on the 13th day of his birth, Daraa "s National Hospital in the southern part of Syria informed them of a coronary emergency.
According to Abdullah, when he made the necessary action to take, the official hearing the call said, "He was shot, and we had no cure"
He quickly ended the call.
Of course, there is nothing wrong with shooting a suspected victim of COVID-19 injury.
Abdullah told the World Voice "Death by COVID-19 is better than staying in a state hospital"
This shameful testimony supported him from other sources.
The October issue of The Voice of the Capital, a newspaper of the Democratic Republic of Syria, that health authorities from the Syrian Ministry of Health report that "Mortal Scientific Activities are being carried out at the Al-Mujtahid State Hospital in the capital city of Damascus, for those who are convinced that they really have the disease, by supplying them with life-threatening drugs."
This too appears on the official website:
Another member of the Mouwasat hospital in Damascus said in the same publication:
"Death-Trembling Work is being carried out in the most remote part of the world, and it is performed by doctors who have worked to eliminate the disease."
The Assad regime’s campaign against the COVID-19 pandemic is dramatic, much like the purpose of the Assad Civil War, which claimed the lives of some over a million people, ended by a thousand today’s detention centers, and reached a peak of five and a half million worldwide.
Pestilences and Kingdom Progress
The Assad regime has caused much of its surrounding cities to become even more troubled with Iran, even as the majority of its cities are in Syria.
In the Near East, Iran became one of the Covid-19 headquarters destroyed, where the plague may have penetrated Lebanon, Iraq, and Syria, where military interference took place.
In addition, pilgrims and tourists from Iran continued to respect the shrines in Damascus until the fall of the march, according to Zaki Mechy, a member of the March Study of the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE).
Nevertheless, Assad has persisted in spreading propaganda and falsehood as well as in reducing the number of people who have had COVID-19.
In an interview with the Syrian government news on October 13, the Minister of Health, Nizar Al-Yaziji, stated regarding the absence of COVID-19 in Syria:
"We thank Jehovah that the Federal Armed Forces have cleansed the Syrian state of affected diseases:...
The Syrian Minister of Health has not announced the release of the COVID-19 pandemic until the 22nd March, causing resentment and resentment among the Syrians who observe Assad "s propaganda and oppose the good news.
In an article featured on a newspaper press in the country, a local citizen responded to Yaziri’s comments, stating that “you did not say in your past words that all diseases have been a cleansing away”
Nevertheless, the government has begun to edict countless cases of disease in their publications.
In a statement issued on Wednesday by the Council for the Reformation of Syria and the Opposition, the nations were urged to revoke the regime and to publicize the actual COVID-19 victims.
He expressed his opinion on the number that should be true, and the agency wrote:
A weakened health system
Accepting this epidemic indeed dishonored Assad "s rule because it would force the authorities to acknowledge that they had no health concerns.
According to the London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), the total number of COVID-19 indigenous people checked in the land was only 6500 of its 17.5 million inhabitants.
He said that if the number of presidents exceeds this number, the country "s power is dropped, and the result is severe flooding.
During the civil war, military forces had brutally attacked their health departments.
A report by the WHO and the Syrian Ministry of Health revealed that 58 operations were made available to the 111 government hospitals in the country.
The report also shows that up to 70 percent of the health workers in the country have been displaced and 20 percent have been transferred to other lands.
COVID-19 was one of the most devastating catastrophes
The Syrians may have been primarily targeted by the outbreak of these disasters; war, pestilence, and contention.
On October 26, the United Nations warned that Syria is suffering from extreme hunger and urgent removal of COVID-19 spread
According to the World Food Organization (WHO), food shortages combined with 11 percent in the month of Abib besides the month of Igbe and increased by 113 percent in the year 2019.
Ali al-Ahmed (also called for the protection of his name) from Daraa said to the World Voices that "there is nothing worse, there is nothing you can do, even paying 10,000 Syrian dollars ($1 to $5) to man, it is not costly."
Ahmed says that many goods have been abandoned without interruption because of heavy loans.
During a time when their health systems have collapsed as a result of the danger of warfare and the economic downturn of many Syrians have led to poverty, this unprecedented epidemic has also threatened the city "s poverty and corruption.
The YKS test continues with 2,500,000 students responding to all warnings: Vast intolerance disappears.
New YKS Trials: Moral Intolerance
COVID-19 was not the only event that surrounded the YKS in 2020.
Since the beginning of the seventh month, he has had a long struggle with the Turkish exams.
One of its subjects pointed to “Fırtınadayım (I am in the storm), a LGBTQ singer named Mabel Matiz.
Questions about the meaning of “Gözümün gördüğü, göğsümün bildiği ile bir değil” (which can be translated from my eye is what my wife knows) are disturbing the social networking sites because Mabel is a well-known young man (Many of his flosses claim to have as many as 50 million viewers) and his attitude toward male and female things.
According to the Twitter Web site Halis Aygün, the Presidential Center for Measurement, Selection and Placement (ÖSYM), the examination department said in a interview with a news official, Yeni Akit, that the investigation will be done, and all those who participate in the examination will be dismissed.
The YKS yeartext for 2020 successfully scattered 18 test stations three times, with a total of 2.5 million participants.
His trials were scheduled by academics from all over the country.
Observation of household teachings and social skills impressed our high schools.
Research has been undertaken on a series of Turkish questions related to the 2020 YKS exam.
Workers who are dismissed will be dismissed from the test arrangement.
For some users of the Twitter website, the following sentence is not enough:
[Mount] President ÖSYM spoke for the first time after the test! “
Research has been undertaken to look at the root of the problem.
Those who engage in it will be wise out of the test arrangement.”
[Footnote] Not only [will] be removed but also the unresponsive President must be removed from all constraint so that his eyes will be restrained.
Spokesmen in the audience also commented on the decision-making process:
In the YKS 2020 exam today, no one else has given these children an illustration except Mabel Matiz, a sexually active man
(The man carrying a stool declaring that “We are homosexuals” What are you trying to do?
The opinions of the Twitter users are contrary to how others point to Mabel Matiz "s achievements and reputation:
If you are a member of the research team, I would like you to look at Mabel Matiz because we have not had any other actress who used our habits so much years ago and that is why mabelmatiz is our treasure.
The netizen noted that the eye-catching of a sexually transmitted musician would be neglected by politicians:
No one screamed on rapists, yet Mabel Matiz "examination was considered alcohol-related.
“Safeguard our conduct,” you say, but Mabel Matiz is the best publisher of our culture.
We need to investigate those who dishonored and mocked Mabel Matiz.
Mabel Matiz "response.
On the third day of the seventh month, as the temperature grew, Matiz resumed the following:
Thank you:) I am happy that my music has been a part of such a crucial test.
I now marvel at how my life became the subject of this test.
Consider what I was put to the test.
Yes, the World "s Trials have not ended: The battle is repeated again.
I read many injured publications.
I understood what I was going to say in that song, and I knew you, and I felt better.
I would continue to sing more songs, tell more stories, and be a citizen of this country.
Let us meet again in another test...
And Matiz is famous: one day after Aygun "s speech.
He won two titles in one championship in excessive votes.
He received a two-story medal.
“The best-metal music” and “The best-metal musician” were at the 56th Pantene Golden Butterfly.
This indicates that there are many people behind you who oppose governmental and governmental sex abuse.
On the fifth day of the seventh month, Mabel Matix added:
I won the “Full-Full-Full-Full-Full” and “Full-Full-Full-Full-Full-Full-Full-Full-Full” titles at the 56th Pantene Golden Butterfly
I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz, who formerly played the “I Have a Red in My Wipe” song.
In Turkey, 2,500 students were sedentary
This year’s test took place in disagreement—and not because of an epidemic
Translation 15 August 2020 8:07 GMT
videoconference of a song by Mabel Matiz in the middle of the high-school entry test (YKS):
"Gözümün gördüğü, göğsümün bildiği ile bir değil" (I can "t understand what I" ve seen ")
In Turkey, in a country of over 83,000 persons, it is required to qualify for the highest level of entry test in Turkish for entry into Vfit.
In spite of the progressive COVID-19 test, the peak attendance was 2,5 million.
On June 26, the board announced the day of the YKS examination from 25 to 26 June.
But on May 4, Turkey "s President Recep Erdogan changed the date from 27 to 28 May 7.
This change and the uncertainty of the test have left Turks concerned, both in the center of the city and on the media, over the following:
How does this change of day affect the thinking of students who are preparing for a test just a few days?
How will the COVID-19 interference and interference be followed (Community Distance, fridges / fridges, embroidery) by the combination of two and a half million people.
In 2019, there were only 74 percent of the qualified examiners, while 39 percent reached the second stage.
Turkey recorded its first COVID-19 attack on March 11, and by March 15, more than 2,500 people were killed and more than 200 were infected.
On the 1st of the seventh month, the Government launched a series of preventive measures:
Farms, such as restaurants, videoconferencing industries, showers, and wedding halls that were closed for about three months have been reopened, but only with social isolation.
Visitors now need to keep their nose covered and to examine their temperature.
Although the students issued an invitation to advance the YKS test, the government did not retaliate:
At the end of the seventh month, he sat two and a half million for the test.
As shown in this twittle, which deals with excessive distancing from one "s own body in society:
The YKS test continues with 2,500,000 students responding to all warnings: Vast intolerance disappears.
New YKS Trials: Moral Intolerance
COVID-19 was not the only event that surrounded the YKS in 2020.
Since the beginning of the seventh month, he has had a long struggle with the Turkish exams.
One of its subjects pointed to “Fırtınadayım (I am in the storm), “Mabel Matiz, LGBTQ “Fırtınadayım” ("I am in the storm "):
Questions about the meaning of “Gözümün gördüğü, göğsümün bildiği ile bir değil” (which can be translated from my eye is what my wife knows) are disturbing the social networking sites because Mabel is a well-known young man (many of his pictures and images have 50 million views) and his behavior on things that are of great value.
According to the twitter website, Halis Aygün, president of the Center for Measurement, Selection and Placement (ÖSYM), the examining department said in an interview with an official of the newspaper, Yeni Akit.
There he said that the investigation would be done, and all those who participated in the examination would be expelled from work:
The YKS yeartext for 2020 successfully scattered 18 test stations three times, with a total of 2.5 million participants.
His trials were scheduled by academics from all over the country.
Observation of household teachings and social skills impressed our high schools.
Workers who are dismissed will be dismissed from the test arrangement.
For some users of the Twitter website, the following sentence is not enough:
[Mount] President ÖSYM spoke for the first time after the test!
"Research has been undertaken to assess the root of the problem, and those involved will be dismissed from the test."
[Footnote] Not only [will] be removed but also the unresponsive President must be removed from all constraint so that his eyes will be restrained.
Spokesmen in the audience also commented on the decision-making process:
In the 2018 #YKS 2020 test, do you see no one except Mabel Matiz, a sexually active man?
(The man carrying a stool declaring that "we are sexually transgressors"
What are you trying to do?
The opinions of the Twitter users are contrary to how others point to Mabel Matiz "s achievements and reputation:
I would like you to look at the tattoos of Mabel Matiz.
Because we have no other entertainer who used our habits so much years ago.
That is why mabelmatiz is our treasure.
People on a global scale observe that exposure to a sexually explicit musician leaves the politics behind the key words:
No one screamed on rapists, yet Mabel Matiz "examination was considered alcohol-related.
All of this:
You say that "protection covers our deeds," but Mabel Matiz is the best publisher of our culture.
We need to investigate those who dishonored and mocked Mabel Matiz.
Mabel Matiz "response to the disagreement
On the 3rd day of the seventh month, as the temperature grew, Matiz resumed the following:
Thank you:) I am happy that my music has been a part of such a crucial test.
I now marvel at how my life became the subject of this test.
Consider what I was put to the test.
It "s OK, and the World" s Trials are endless:
It is once again repeated.
I read many injured publications.
I understood what I was going to say in that song, and I knew you, and I felt better.
I would continue to sing more songs, tell more stories, and be a citizen of this country.
Let us meet again in another test...
And Matiz is famous: One day after Aygun spoke, he won two titles in a lottery contest by overcrowded votes.
He won two-grade titles, “The Best Music” and “The Best musician” at the 56th Pantene Golden Butterfly.
This indicates that there are many people behind you who are opposed to governmental and governmental sex abuse.
On July 5, Mabel Matix twisted:
I won the titles of the “Most Beautiful Drama and Music” and “Most Beautiful musician” at the 56th Pantene Golden Butterfly.
Thank you all my hearers.
I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz, who conducted [my song]
"I Have a Red in My Wipe" clip.
--- Employment Day: Chairman of the House of Representatives encourages work to be done for good results.
Nigeria’s Chairman of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila, has congratulated Nigerians on World Labour Day.
Mr. Gbajabiamila noted that while this ceremony took place peacefully around the globe as a result of the COVID-19 epidemic, there is much to remember about the sacrifices of Nigerian officials.
In a publication marked by his Special Adviser on Media and Publicity, Mr. Launre Lassis commended Nigerian officials for their long-standing efforts to transform the country.
On the other hand, he encouraged Nigerian officials to continue producing good fruit now and at all times, for the past achievement required further work to improve the country "s effectiveness.
‘I want Nigerian officials to be honest with people who have done the best they can.
Yes, Nigeria and the Nigerians are proud of you.
I encouraged Nigerian officials to strengthen them during this period of national development.
They must continue to do their best to benefit the nation’
--- Employment Day: Senate chief congratulates Nigerians
President of the Nigerian Senate, Ahmad Lawan, congratulated officials on cooperating with international associates to celebrate the International Labour Day.
Lawan also commended workers for their efforts to rid the country of poverty and poverty and to meet the formidable challenges of various jobs.
He appreciates the role of workers as materialistic, insisting that this be appreciated at all times.
He added that "it is an excellent way to appreciate the value of the workers" s role in managing their lifestyle.
Lawan acknowledged, "As a parliament, we are ready to cooperate with the labor force to set law against corruption in the workplace."
The president of the Senate stated that as part of the ninth committee’s efforts to strengthen the economy and improve the welfare of the people, it has planned to improve the budget by signing the 2020 budget.
In a statement issued by Lawan Senate, the Senate of General Assembly made amendments to ensure the implementation of the budget.
He stated that the legislation would continue despite the challenges of the COVID-19 pandemic.
The president of the Senate observed the celebration of this year’s workers Day during a time when all nations are fighting the COVID-19 pandemic.
He said that "the strong and immortal soul of the Nigerian people will help the government to overcome the epidemic"
“President of the Senate urged Nigerians to mark their days, to live in accordance with health principles, to keep roommates, to wear veils, to use pesticides, to clean themselves, and to stay home and protect ourselves.
--- COVID-19: Another 24 persons in Nigeria
Twenty-five others have suffered Corona disease (COVID 19) in Nigeria, resulting in a dramatic increase in Corona disease (1932), whereas an estimated 319 people have been cured, and 58 people have been called by God.
--- COVID-19: Some reports have been received of incidents in Kano-Dr. Osagie
The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, has said that they have received some reports of various incidents in the state of Kano.
The Minister stated this during a daily interview conducted by the COVID-19 committee with journalists in Abuja.
He added that all reports of the sudden deaths in the state of Kano are expected to be released, thus contributing to the development of relief services, scientists, and educational programs to prevent COVID-19 disease in the state of Kano.
Dr. Ehanire urged health officials to take measures to protect themselves constantly from COVID-19 disease or to put themselves in jeopardy.
--- Nigeria identifies 24 COVID-19 patients
Nigeria has a peak of 34 citizens with the COVID-19 coronavirus, which has resulted in a total of 1922.
A total of 319 were healed, and 58 died.
Nigeria’s NCDC has announced this on the @NCCDCgov videoconference system;
24 COVID-19 patients have been diagnosed;
Eighty-Kano, fifty-five Lagos, twenty-five Gombe, nine-Bauchi, nine-Sokoto, seven-Borno, seven-Edo, six-Rivers, six-Ogum, four-Bayelsa, four-Akwa Ibom, four-Bayelsa, three-Kaduna, two-Oye, two-Delta, two-Nasarawa, Owo-Owo-Kebbi, at 10: 30 p.m. - Coviddo, 1932
--- COVID-19: Kano’s Minister’s Chairman sends a news report
The Chairman of the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, the Ministry of Health, and the Ministry of Health.
The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire stated this during a joint meeting with the media of the COVID-19 Federal Government Committee in Abuja.
He said the federal agency is looking forward to a detailed report, which will be a key to helping Kano’s Covid-19 squad to recover from the country’s nuclear weapons, injury, and in hosts.
“The relief efforts include the sending of FMOH and anthropologists from the Irrua Specialist Hospital to join the Lagos health agency that is working in Kano State in behalf of the Governor of Kano State”
In response, he said that experienced scientists would have a tremendous impact on the performance of the team in Kano State.
“The FMOH emergency call team has left Abuja with the blacksmith, five of the Federal Road Safety Command (FRSC) are on the way to Kano State for an emergency call on the basis of house arrest.
Dr. Ehanire also stressed that health officials should constantly follow suicidal procedures and risk their lives.
“It is not permissible for important workers to be lost at such times; all people must face with high suspicion of COVID-19 but must face all people without partiality so that others with illness will not suffer the consequences of loneliness or neglect.”
Well, “it is a wrong thing to go to people without medical advice or to give emergency care to those in need.”
--- Teamwork has not yet been revealed – Minister
Emeka Nwaji, State Ministry of Education, stated that he cannot be judged or reopened.
The Minister continued that the openings will be closely followed by President Muhammadu Buhari’s dismissal of the code of kidnapping to control coronary disease.
Nwaji, in his day-to-day discourse, pointed forward to the threat of socialism and warned that no university education should begin until the day the government announces its entry.
“In a general sense, none of the clubs stand on the side of the barracks.
The Minister also stated that all the postponed tests of entry will be carried out when the government makes sure that all the scholars are understood.
The Minister explained that the U.S. National Tests (WAEC) and the U.S. National Tests (NECO) with NABTEB would not be played but would be postponed.
He discussed the challenges of the newly introduced worldly education and the implementation of public education in the state.
“We know that some are not privileged and disadvantaged because of the lack of surveillance equipment, some are able to advance their education on radio, some on television, and some are using videoconference, so we are doing this with the cooperation of the state, which means that all the space spent with the education of children throughout the country is very complicated.
"We now have a schooling program for 31 states in 36 states, which means broadcasting from the radio or TV, teaching and study programs, which are ideal programs for each state but which have been implemented by the federal government from the world.”
Nwaji explains that “Using the SUBEB programming system, this process of learning and learning has been distributed on videoconferencing system, and the federal government has approved the possibility of using the state’s videoconferencing systems.”
The Minister added that the COVID-19 pandemic has helped all merchants to recover, and it has helped individuals to get to work.
Commenting on the development of globalization, the Minister said the development of the government would be more useful to professional teachers who would improve the program in the face of the challenge of globalization.
Additionally, the FCTA has issued a warning to the private institutions that are scheduling the 2019/2020 Worldwide programmes for parents and students.
The secretary-general of the corporation administration, Umaru Marafa, stated in the edition of the day of the conquest that no study projects in each corporation should be undertaken in any way until the permit to enroll schools is issued.
Marafa explains, “This means that when schools are reconstructed, there will be a clear announcement of the incomplete 2nd grade and 3rd grade as needed.
The chieftains of private corporations were encouraged to cooperate and to keep the corporation alive and to remain steadfast in any way until the government imposed something else.
Those who were acted against this decree would be responsible for the final judgment of the law;
Marafa also said that the federal education agency has completed a program to ensure education on the radio or TV so that students will be able to work every time there is housing.
--- No private school to enter competition – FCT Minister
Nigeria’s Minister of State, Alhaji Muhammad músá Bello has warned all the directors of the private school in Abuja who are warning all the parents and students that they will soon begin working for the third half of the 2019/2020 period.
The secretary-general of education in Abuja, Umaru Marafai, made this statement in a publication released last year that the education program will not be undertaken at any school in Abuja until the day the secretary-general of education is approved.
"We encourage all directors of the private team to keep the club closed, and they should not try to open the club unless there are laws or regulations from the FCTA."
All those who rejected this law would have to contend with the constitutional decree.
Mr. Marafa continued that the FCTA, which oversees the education program, has arranged to open up educational programs using social media, as well as the use of television to teach students at home.
--- PRESIDENT MUHAMMADU BUHARI ASKNOWLEDGE OF NIGERIA
PRESIDENT OF THE NIGERIA, MUHAMMADU BUHARI, DECISION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUTION OF THE CONTRIBUT
1.Nigeria
2.I will start with commending you for your industriousness and integrity that are exposed in the struggle against the greatest health challenge facing our generation.
The Covid-19 virus has been identified worldwide on April 26, 2020, and 500,000 people have been cured. Unfortunately, 200,000 people have been infected.
4. Health and the economy of many countries are struggling as a result of the epidemic of the microorganism.
Nigeria continues to be acquainted with the latest facts that are growing worldwide every day. Today, I will tell the truth about it, and I will explain our plans to the moons in the near future who know how things will change during the coming weeks.
6. Nearly two weeks ago, 333 insects were discovered at the front lines of the 20th and the capital.
7.` This morning, Nigeria has recorded a total of 73 cases of disease in 32 states and capital cities. Sadly, 40 cases have been.
8.I am using this opportunity to express my sympathy to all Nigerian relatives who lost their loved ones because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
9. It is estimated that in the first month following the diagnosis of a tuberculosis virus, Nigeria will have 200 tons of tuberculosis.
10. This is because the number of people diagnosed with coronary disease in the past two weeks has grown to an unprecedented degree.
11. The number of coronavirus infections at sea level has dropped by 19 percent in the number of new infectious diseases, indicating that the recovery of the border has produced good results. The recovery of the Nigerian leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leafy leaves.
12. Today, the Nigerian Pestilence Organization has approved 15 tests for a total of 13 people a day throughout the country.
13. Based on your comments, the Lagos State Government and the state of Abuja, along with the support of the NPT, have established a number of tourist centers and have reviewed the purpose of tourist interviews to ensure that tourist interviews with private tourist centers meet the challenge.
14. Hundreds of new houses and benches operate throughout the country, resulting in approximately 1,000 cases of injustice.
15. I commend the state Governor to register emergency rescue centers, to establish new rescue centers, and to consider seriously the dangers involved.
16 Thousands of health-care workers have been trained, and other safety measures have been donated to the state.
17. True, we have experienced some challenges, and we are determined to implement the diligent provisions for the team to do so safely with perfect perseverance.
18. In fulfilling our government "s promise to improve the lives of our health-care providers, we have signed a discerning contract to provide insurance and other funds with specialized health professionals.
19. Some 5,000 leading health-care workers have been organized to care for, and I have to ask care workers for their support to do this within a limited time.
20. Nigerias is providing international assistance from companies, private groups, and individuals, allowing the world "s low-risk means of saving lives to be used by agencies that are producing high-risk tools for democracy.
21. Distribution and the expansion of relief supplies during the housing campaigns described in the predecessorship campaigns keeps moving ahead. I know what the prospective citizens of this country are facing.
22 The security agency continues to challenge this stressful period. Although we are deeply concerned about the safety of the facilities, I want to emphasize that the Nigerian is concerned about your safety and well-being, especially in these critical times.
23. As we take care of people and property, we will not allow human rights protection from security officials. The few reports we have heard are heartwarming, and I want to assure you that the criminals will be arrested to face legal crimes.
24. I encouraged all Nigerians to continue their cooperation and participation in their meetings with the security staff. Furthermore, for their protection, I had ordered that these security personnel be given their tools to protect themselves from this infection.
25. As we continue to restrict our response in Lagos and Abuja settlements, the recent situation in Kano has become even more dramatic. Despite the progress of the full-time ministry, we are determined to increase the number of government officials, supplies, and funds to support and support the efforts of the state, right away.
26. In Kano and the other state registering new infectious diseases, the first survey suggested that the results of these tests were linked to state travel and the spread of disease in one city.
27. From this I encourage all Nigerians to continue to follow the advice of the president’s ambassadors and drug dealers
28. These include periodic handwashing, self-denial, public use of brushes, avoiding entertainment along with travel, and avoiding social gatherings.
29. Nigerians, for the past four weeks in many parts of our country, under the federal or state housing order, these steps, as mentioned earlier, are important and have contributed to the reduction of the population of Korea.
Nevertheless, this type of housing order has been closely connected with the economic system. Many of our citizens have lost their way to food. Many jobs have stopped. No country can recover from all the damage caused by housing pollution while we look forward to a successful vaccine response.
31. In the final talk, I said that the federal government would set up a plan and legislation designed to protect the lives of mankind.
32. Over the course of these two weeks, the federal government and the state have worked diligently together to promote health care and health care, at the same time as they do in the world with the awon of our differences.
33. We reviewed how our companies, markets, businessmen, and drivers are able to advance in the same way to implement this pattern of health care in the country in regard to safety and distance.
34.We reviewed the progress of our social networking without considering any health hazards.
We managed to build and reap food supplies in the rainy season. Additionally, we focused on the dangerous outback from the countryside to the planting facilities and the gymnasium.
It is our goal to look for ways to keep our economy moving ahead as we look for answers to the problem of coronary disease.
In view of this and the admonition of the COVID-19 presidential committee, the Federal Executive Council, and the Nigerian Governor’s committee, I have approved housing laws in Abuja, Lagos, and the state of Ogum to be progressive and effective from April 4, May 5, 2020.
38.On the other hand, time for consultation and identification of coronary partners will be expended and the economic and commercial system will be reestablished.
39. Furthermore, these new laws were passed throughout the country;
a. There was a period of absence from 8am to 6am. This meant that walking would be prohibited during this period except for specialists.
b. There will be no room for unnecessary trips throughout the territory until the period of uncertainty.
c. Carrying overseers "belongings within the territory would be limited to carrying supplies from factories to those who would use them.
d. We will make sure that we have to use the veil outside with time to interfere with ourselves and cleanliness. State governments, companies and charitable people are urged to assist in providing relief supplies for the citizens of the country.
Because of uncertainty, housing laws in Abuja, Lagos, and Ogum will continue until other laws will begin on March 4, 2020.
41. The president "s ambassadors will provide preparations for government, business, and industry.
42. In harmony with the above principles, the government of the state has the right to advocate and advocate all forms of videoconference if necessary to live up to the above standards.
43. To contribute to our merchants and merchants, those in charge of money will be responsible for improving and restoring employment.
44. These principles will not apply to Kano State.
45. From Kano State, I have issued an urgent order of complete housing for two weeks. The federal government will deliver people, equipment, and equipment needed to help the state control and overcome the epidemic of the coronavirus along with preventing the migration into neighboring territories.
On the other hand, I would like to have the world "s leading workers, who are taking risks every day to overcome this struggle. To those who are infected in their workplace, you can be confident that the government will accomplish whatever it takes to help you and your family during this critical time.
I am also grateful for the support that we have received from our Kings, the Cristeros in Nigeria, the principal organization for Islam, and religious organizations along with local leaders.
48. I will encourage all of you to continue discussing Koronavirus among worshipers and inhabitants of your community and to pay attention to all counsel and hygiene in the community.
I am very grateful to the National Assembly, the COVID-19 General Assembly, for the great work done to this day. With this cooperation, I am confident that there will be a success.
I also want to thank the international brotherhood, the international brotherhood, the white brotherhood, the international friend of the country, the journalist and assistant for their support.
I will also be grateful to all Nigerians for their patience and cooperation during this difficult time.
52. Thank you for listening to me, and God blesses Nigeria.
--- Nigerian Security is my foremost concern – President Buhari
The President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari has said that Nigerian security is his primary concern "especially during these turbulent and unexpected times."
The President said this on television while speaking to a Nigerian philosopher on March 27, 2020.
President Buhari said he has found security for the lives and property of people, and his government will not tolerate discrimination against human rights by law enforcement.
"The bad news that I heard was so much, so I assured Nigerians that they would not go without legal punishment."
The President urged all Nigerians to cooperate with the law enforcement agency at the meeting.
--- COVID-19: President Buhari destroys rent in Kano
The President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari has launched an emergency campaign in the province of Kano, Northwestern Nigeria, as a result of man-made emergencies.
The President of the Republic of Congo stated that the project would be implemented for two weeks in the state of Kano.
The president also stated that "the federal government will send iron pillars and workers to help the state in an effort to curb the spread of Koronavirus in the neighboring state."
The president also stated that tourists from one state to another were responsible for the spread of the disease in the state of Kano.
--- NIS defeats 13 Nigerians fighting Togo
The Nigerian traveling agency (NIS) has received 13 national specialists from the states of Lomé, Togo, and Seme-Krake.
The NIS spokesman, Sunday James, said this in a publication on the day of Immortality in Abuja when he returned home as a boxer who had been hunted at a school in Togo.
According to James, the number of 13 people had been transferred to Lagos health agency for Corona inspection.
He said, "We also told them to stay at home as the NCDC guarantee for new arrivals from abroad, thus preventing Corona from infection."
James at the Seme-Krake Gate was a road that crossed Nigeria in or out and bordered with Benin, claiming that NIS was not authorized to operate these gates.
NIS said it would take nets to enter the country’s capital, so the number of nets going through the entrance of the Seme-Krake border has increased.
He said the NIS leader, Mr. Muhammad Babándedee has urged Nigerians who are returning to Nigeria to be cautious about trafficking, as they are victims of crime and hazardous labor.
--- President Buhari speaks to Nigerians at 8: 00 p.m.
President Muhammadu Buhari will speak to Nigerians today, April 27, at midnight.
Television programs, radio and other broadcasts have been to collaborate with the Nigeria headquarters (NTA) and the federal broadcaster (FRCN) for this announcement.
Nigeria "s ecosystems will explode.
For more information on VON Social Media handles:
--- President Buhari speaks to Nigeria today: Will the President put an end to demolition or renew demands
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari will speak to Nigeria today, Monday, April 27, 2020, at 8pm.
All Nigerian experts are interested in what President Buhari will say about the housing system.
This was announced by the president "s assistant in news and advertising.
--- Representatives will be resumed on April 28
The Nigerian House of Representatives will reemerge on Tuesday after a month "s rest because of the Covid-19 pandemic in Nigeria.
On December 24, the House of Representatives opened a two-week vacation to allow the Senate’s administration to provide adequate protection against the spread of COIVD-19 in the country but a week after the total vacation was established.
In a statement issued by the secretary of the House of Representatives, Mr. Patrick Gibeon stated that the committee "s professional committee would be advised to follow the policy set up by the National Assembly and the National Institute for Disease Control in Nigeria to establish the policy set up by the House of Representatives to imprison a member of the House of Representatives.
The statement stated that the assistant and assistant of the parliament remained at their house and that "they would be invited if they needed help for a special day."
The delegation "s experts will discuss the fight against Corona and the economy of the country.
--- Coronavirus investigation in Kano-Minister
The Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, of Nigeria, stated that the federal government and the federal government of the province of Kano are doing research in Kano and that the government will report the investigation.
Ehanire said the investigator’s team would hold a meeting with the governor of Kano to announce such claims, adding that it is unlikely that it will be Korea.
Ehanire said the team would also have to examine, isolate, eliminate the disease, to determine how to monitor the development of the state’s infrastructure and laboratory.
"We had no experience with COVID-19 and were surprised to have COVID-19 spread."
He prepared it so that it could be eliminated if we were to use a string of tools and a string of people.
The Minister said the Lagos State, like Kano State, has a wealth of iron nets and that the state is quick to recover from Corona because of the experience of the 2014 Ebola pandemic.
The Minister continued that despite efforts, Lagos State could not be compared to Kano because the Lagos State’s low-risk population would not be the state.
Ehanire says that 40 health-care workers in Nigeria have been infected with coronavirus and have been transferred to sports centers.
--- President Buhari can resign his commitment to housing – Minister
Nigeria’s Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire, said on Sunday that only President Muhammadu Buhari will be able to announce the completion of the COVID-19 curriculum in Nigeria.
The Minister went on to adjust the current housing policies of the entire world.
He said, "The President will have his brother to set up the construction of housing in the country.
--- COVID-19: No more 87 persons in Nigeria
Corona (COVID 19) has also been infected by 87 persons in Nigeria, resulting in 1182, whereas 222 persons have been cured, and 35 persons have been called to God.
The Nigerian Institute for Disease Control (NCDC) announced this on the Twitter website, @NCDC. gov. Of the 87 victims, 33 in Eko State, 22 in Borno State, 12 in Osun State, 9 in Katsina, 10 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Osun State, 8 in Os
--- WHO appointed Okonjo-Iweala to serve as COVID-19 ambassador
The World Health Organization (WHO) has appointed the Minister of Economic Affairs in Nigeria, Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala as the new team representative for COVID-19 treatment.
Dr. Okonjo-Iweala will collaborate with Britain "s businessman Andrew Witty to coordinate the special campaign against COVID-19 for the World Federation.
The director of the team, Tedros Ghebreyesus, spoke on videoconference during the formation of the team in Geneva.
Ghebreyesus said “I want to be very grateful to Andrew Witty and Ngozi Okonjo-Iweala for being the team’s director who will take the lead in the fight against the COIVD-19.
It adds, "This special project is a worldwide cooperation to provide nets, medicines, vaccines, COVID-19 prevention therapies, and to distribute throughout the world."
Last week, the director of the World monetary Organization, Kristalina Georgieva, also appointed Ngozi Okonjo Iweala as a member of the corporation budget team.
The team will hold meetings throughout the country to discuss the development and policies that have been implemented.
--- COVID-19: President’s wife distributes hospital supplies
The wife of the Nigerian President, Mrs. Aisha Buhari has distributed hospitals to help fight the spread of Corona COVID-19.
Mrs. Burri expressed sadness over the spread of COVID 19 deadly disease throughout the country, and she was moved to rescue funds to fight the disease.
Mrs. Buhari expresses her appreciation to all those who have assisted with the fight against the spread of the disease, “Nigeria will enjoy the relief efforts you have made.
Mrs. Burri invited the Nigerians to remain safe and secure in order to overcome the pandemic.
He also urged “the territories where these relief supplies are available to make good use of them”
President’s wife, Hajo Sani, was represented by President’s wife at the ceremony to distribute the equipment in Abuja.
Among the tools that were distributed were insect-resistant soaps, herbal remedies, protective instruments, hairdresses, handbills, and protective clothing.
Linen also consisted of coats, eyeglasses, and abbl beds.
These supplies were supplied to three states - Bauchi, Gombe, and the Federal Capital Territory (FCT).
The Director-General of Public Health and Environment Programmes in Abuja, Mathew Ashikeni, accepted the materials to the Minister of Abuja.
Dr. Ashikeni said: “The relief equipment will be useful in fighting the COVID-19 attack in the Nigerian capital, Abuja.
He assured the delegates that the equipment would be used properly.
--- COVID-19: Nigeria has a peak of 144,1095 people suffering from Corona
The 144,000 people in Nigeria have also been affected by the Corona genocide (COVID 19), making the number of those affected by the Corona genocide (1095), whereas some 208 have been healed and 32 have been called to God.
This was announced by the Nigerian Anti-Pestilence Organization (NCDC) on their twitter address, @NCDC. gov, at 12: 45 a.m., on Tuesday, April 24, 2020.
Of the 114 victims, 80 in Lagos State, 21 in the state of Gombe, 5 in the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), 2 in the state of Zamfara and Edó, 1 in the state of Ogum, Oyo, Kaduna, and Soko.
--- Abba Kyari loyal to President Buhari and good spokesman for the United States: U.S. Government
The U.S. government has described the deceased Abba Kyari as a loyal prime minister for President Buhari and a good spokesman for the government of the United States.
In a sympathetic address to President Muhammadu Buhari, the Deputy Secretary-General of Africa, Tibor Nagy, commended Kyari’s indignation in the U.S. return of $300 million (U.S.) to the United States by the deceased Sani Abacha.
Nagy said Kyari is the faithful prime minister of the government for President Buhari and the good spokesman for the government of the United States and the best leader for our team in Abuja.
We were delighted to make big dealings with Kyari’s deceased man by bringing back 300 million dollars ($300 million) to the United States by the deceased Sani Abacha.
He suggested that the funds be divided into three categories for special conveniences, thus contributing to the unity and economic stability of Nigeria.
Nagy expressed sympathy with the Nigerian government and the Kyari family, saying the U.S. government has promised to support Nigeria in the fight against the spread of Corona.
The President also received a letter of sympathy from the Minister of Niger Delta, Usani Uguru Usani, the Canoe businessman, Alhaji Sabiu Bàkó and the director of staff,
--- COVID-19: 108 peak attendance in Nigeria
In Nigeria, 108 people have also been affected by Corona (COVID 19).
Thus, the number of victims of Corona increased to 981
This was announced by the Nigerian Institute for Disease Control (NCDC) on their Twitter website, @NCDC. gov.
Of the newly raised 991 persons, 78 are in Lagos State, 5 are in Katsina State, 14 are in Abuja, Federal Capital Territory (FCT), 5 are in Ogum State, 4 are in Gombe State, 3 are in Borno State, 2 are in Akwabom State, 1 is in Kwara State, and 1 is in Plateau State.
--- Air Force training nurses in nursing
The Nigerian Air Force (NAF) has trained airline nurses and pilots.
This training is part of the regulatory program set up by the air force for their troops on transportation and caring for troops who collapse in the war.
The head of the news and coordination of the NAF Air Commodore Ibikunele Daramola said a weekly training was completed by using C-130H at the Nnamdi Azikwe International Airport in Abuja to provide the troops with adequate knowledge and assistance through air-conditioning treatment.
The NAF C-30H has been constructed in the form of emergency equipment for injured or infected people.
The chief of the Nigerian Air Force, General Sadique Abubakar, expressed great delight in training the nurses on board.
He added that the tools and equipment could also be used for immediate treatment of COVID-19 patients.
For the past four and a half years, the commander of the U.S. Air Force has also tried to train the health-care personnel of the aircraft by providing health care for the troops, their families, and those who have been injured in the war.
--- Armed Forces destroy rebel forces building quarters in Borno State
The Air Task Force of Operation LAFIYA DOLE has destroyed the area where the head of the Boko Haram troops reside in Bulawa in the Sambisa forest in the state of Borno.
General John Enenche, a spokesman for the organization’s news department, said that “an aircraft is launching a nuclear bomb attack on areas where the leader of the Boko Haram isly hidden.
General John Enenche also said that the Boko Haram rebellion, prepared to fight the air force’s nuclear bombing in the area, had been used as a target.
--- President Buhari sends Muslim greetings as Ramandan begins
President Muhammadu Buhari has sent his greeting to all Muslims in the country and to the entire globe as a result of observing the moon to start the fast.
President Buhari said it is tragic that this fast took place in the face of global opposition
The challenge of the COIVD-19 pandemic has spread to over 200 countries around the world, and all nations are shouting for people to avoid gatherings and to pray alone and with their families.
The President went on to say that "during this Ramadan time, the former partnership of Corona has now become a threat," and the President urged all Muslims to guard against the food and prayer gatherings, which have now been closed by religious leaders around the globe.
President Buhari urged all Muslims to endure Corona’s attack on the country but to avoid it by participating in Ramadan fasts unless they have valid health or religious reasons to participate in them.
He said that the blessings of this holy fast would be theirs to all the Muslims in this nation and in all the world.
--- COVID-19: 91 persons again in Nigeria
In Nigeria, 91 people have also suffered from Corona (COVID 19) disease.
As a result, Corona suffered 873 cases, and about 197 people were healed, and 25 persons were still called to God.
Of the 91 people recently raised, 74 in Lagos State, 5 in Katsina State, 1 in Abuja, Federal Capital Territory (FCT), 4 in Ogum State, 2 in Delta and Edo State, 1 in Oyo State, Kwara and Adamawa.
--- Lagos State House of Assembly apologizes for resilience to the challenge of building houses due to Koronavirus
The Lagos State Parliament has urged the inhabitants of Lagos State to overcome the domestic challenges to eliminate the spread of Koronavirus.
The health-care committee and the media committee of the Senate made supplication as they spoke with the media on their assessments of the ‘COVID-19’ treatment programmes in Lagos State.
The chairman of the Lagos State House of Assembly for Health, Senator Hakeem, who led the delegation, said it is important for citizens to comply with the government’s decree on housing to prevent the spread of the disease.
The members of the Parliament are the chairman of the Communist and political committee of the Parliament, Senator Tunde Braimoh; Senator Desmond Elliot, Senator Timothy.
The committees visited the Pestilence Hospital in the Yaba region; a reception hall in the Mobolaji Johnson district in Oníkán; a reception hall in Victoria Island in the Ethi-Osa Local Government and a National Hospital in Gbagada.
The committee recognized that the medical equipment and their services there were well-equipped to cope with the outbreaks of coronavirus in Lagos State, sponsored by the federal government.
They promised that the gradual challenges facing these hospitals were related to the lack of equipment for the workers "protection.
And the government is struggling to combat the disease, but the community has to support it.
In a statement issued by Senator Shokunele, one of his priorities in preventing the spread of this disease was the house arrest.
I knew this was not easy, but at times, if we were to cure the damage caused by the coronavirus, it would be important to do so.
Senator Túndé Bramoh likewise urged the townspeople to be more patient, since this was an unexpected incident and he needed hard work to do so:
We exhorted our people because of the COVID-19 pandemic.
It should be acknowledged that the coronavirus involves life, so it is vital that the problem be settled first.
The Parliament inspected the four Koroan clinics in Lagos State and provided supplies for the workers who needed adequate sanitation.
--- Oyo Governor laments former high court official – Mákindé
The Governor of Oyo State, Semi Makinde, has likened the death of Chief Justice Richard Akinijade, former Minister of Justice of Nigeria, to a devastating loss to Oyo State, Nigeria, and the world in general.
The Governor, who also expressed his disappointment with the death of the Chief Judge of Akinjide, Mr. Zeynep Makinde, expressed his sympathy with the deceased relative of the deceased by his associate on the news featuring the fact that the deceased Akinjide had devoted his life to serving the nation of Nigeria.
Makinde went on to say that the death of the deceased man came at the time of the need for Nigerians to drink from the water of his wisdom, which has flourished in various ways, governments, and legislation to illuminate them as world leaders.
Makinde also explains: "The report of our father" s death, the prime minister and the prime minister of Nigeria, Chief Richard Akinjidee is a big surprise because he doesn "t want anyone to know that the day has arrived, until he gives me the last breath, and he speaks of earthquakes that are going on and that he is advising the government in various ways, he stands as the prime minister of politics and law."
"His death was a great loss to the state of Oyo, Nigeria, and the world in general, for it was a fine forefather of the unrighteous, indiscriminate, indiscriminate, indiscriminate, indiscriminate, indiscriminate, indiscriminate, indiscriminate, indiscriminate, indiscriminate, indiscriminate nation of Nigeria."
The Governor offered the occasion to sympathize with the children of the deceased and responsible members of the Peoples Democratic Party (PDP), Chief Akinijade, and all the other children of fatherly and political background.
He also used the occasion to sympathize with all Nigerians born of Oyo State and Nigerians over the death of Richard Akinjide, who died at the age of 88.
--- U.S. Army kills 21 rebels in Zamfara State
The Nigerian Army, Operation Hadarin Daji has killed a total of 21 rebels in an attack in Zurmi, Zamfara.
A spokesman for the news service, General John Enenche, said this morning in Abuja that four Nigerian soldiers were killed.
Enenche added that they would also report the next step in the area.
He also said that the troops would continue to fight against the rebel forces in the area.
--- COVID-19: Kano begins food distribution
The Kano State Government will continue to distribute food for relief efforts to alleviate the COVID-19 crisis
The state relief assistant Salihu Tanko Yakasai announced on his twitter screen on the night of Immortality.
He added that the food would be distributed throughout the 42 indigenous governments of the state.
The Governor of Kano State, Abdullahi Gundújè, announced the first week of housing proceedings at 10: 00 a.m. that the housing proceedings will begin at Agrippa.
Mr. Lagos said he would be ready to change the arrangement.
The COVID-19 relief committee in Kano, led by Professor Muhammad Yahuza Bello, has received over 400 million funds and 15 food supplies.
--- COVID-19: 86 peak attendance in Nigeria
Corona (COVID 19) has also been affected by 86 persons in Nigeria
This has resulted in 627 cases of Corona disease, while some 170 people have been healed and 17 persons have been called by God. This was announced on their Twitter website by the Nigerian Institute for Disease Control (NCDC), @NCDCgov at 10: 00 p.m.
Of the 86 victims, 70 in Lagos, 3 in Katsina, 7 in Abuja, Federal Capital Territory (FCT) 3 in Akwa Ibom, 1 in Bauchi, Jigawa, and Borno.
--- Abba Kyari: President Buhari sympathizes with Borno
President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed sympathy for the state of Borno when the state governor, Professor Babagana Zulum, head of the Banki district, the state governors, and the deceased brother of Mallam Abba Kyari, Zanna Father Shehu Arjinoma, were summoned on Sunday.
In a telephone address, the president addressed the head of the family and relatives; Shehu of Borno; Shehu of Abubakar Ibn Umar Garbai El-Kanemi; Shehu of Bama; Shehu of Kyari Ibn Umar Ibn Ibrahim Elkenemi.
President Buhari described the deceased as a threat to Nigeria and urged the government, the citizens of Borno State, and the families of the deceased to maintain a positive outlook on life for Mallam Kyari.
She says that Abba is the person we love most.
He contributed greatly to the development of Nigeria.
People from Nigeria and abroad are inviting the president to sympathize with the death of his leader.
Among those who sent greetings to the president were former President of Nigeria, General Ibrahim Babangida; State Governor of Rivers, Nyesom Wike, Enugu, Ifeanyi Ugwuanyi, Yobe, Mai Mala Buni, Taraba, Darius Dickson Ishaku and his colleagues who went to school with him in 1953.
The president also received a letter from the president of the International Committee of Ambassador (Prof. ) Tijjani Muhammad-Bande, International Press Institute, IPI, president of Nigerian Guild of Editors, Mustapha Isa, Emir of Kano State, Amen Ado Bayero, head of the Dantata State, Alhaji Amen Dantata, head of the Izala religious movement in Nigeria, Alhaji Bala Lau and vice president of the Nigerian Guild of Editors, Ilhaji Bala Lau and Senator-General of the Senate, Ilhaji Na Allah.
Others include: Nigerian ambassador for the United States (USA), judge Sylvanus Adiewere Nsofor, Emir of Zamfara, king of Alhaji Attahiru Muhammad Ahmad, lawyer Umaru Kurfi, Burhan Karabult, Nigeria’s Turkish partner in the Defence Industries Corporation, DICON, Professor James Momoh, Deputy Chairman of the Nigerian Electricity regulatory Commission, and evangelizer from Canada, Ustashi Tijjani Balawi Kalwi.
--- Sixty-seven people lost their lives as a result of terrorist attacks in Katsina
President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed his disappointment with the attack in three indigenous governments in Katsina, where 47 people lost their lives.
President Buhari spoke this way in response to a question about the tragic event that took place on the Day of Undeath, expressing his sadness over the attack.
He urged Nigerians to reassure themselves that "the government is determined to fight and punish all criminals who use domestic violence to corrupt the innocent."
President Buhari said he would not hold back from criminals kill innocent people and that “according to my decision to preside over the public security system, these attacks will be turned aside.”
Our President ordered all the law enforcement agencies to tire out by waging war against criminals and legalizing them.
The president sympathizes with relatives who lost their loved ones, and he urges all people to be eyewitnesses and to inform all the authorities if they suspect criminals in their area.
--- Senate condemns Abba Kyari’s death
Nigeria’s Chairman of the House of Representatives, Femi Gbajabiamila has described the death of Prime Minister Malam Abba Kyari as devastating.
In a greeting delivered by his assistant, Mr. Launre Lasi, chairman of the House of Representatives, Gbajabiamila said he was sorry that COVID-19 pandemic had killed Mr. Kyari
He added that the name of Abba Kyari would be included in the Nigerian National Memorial as a valiant and devout man to President Buhari and Nigeria.
In his greeting, the Deputy Chairman of the House of Representatives, Alhaji Idris Ahmed Wase expressed sympathy with President Muhammadu Buhari over the death of his Chairman, Mallam Abba Kyari.
He sent his expressions of sympathy to the family of the deceased and to the state of Borno.
The chief of the smallest member of the House of Representatives, Ndudi Elumelu, described the death of Mr. Kyari as the greatest loss to Nigeria at this time.
--- Corona Disease (COVID-19) kills Prime Minister Buhari
The Chief Operating Officer of the President of Nigeria, Abba Kyari, has been killed by COVID-19 disease.
President’s assistant on news and announcement, Femi Adesina announced this on Saturday morning that Mallam Kyari was released on Friday, 27, 2020.
If we keep in mind that Mallam Kyari had been diagnosed with COVID-19 and was healed, the world would be forced to remain healthy.
The funeral arrangement was to be announced in the near future in Adesina, and He prayed for God to release the deceased.
--- COVID-19: 51 persons again in Nigeria
51 people have also suffered from Corona (COVID 19) disease in Nigeria
Nineteenth states are now suffering from COIVD 19.
--- COVID-19: Nigeria’s Minister urges to exhibit tourists on the border
The Minister of Internal Affairs, Mr. Rauf Aréwo-Olu, has urged Nigerians to unveil Nigerian border information to the Nigerian border administration.
Arégbezola said this during a question-and-answer campaign by the COIVD-19 national team in Abuja.
He stated that it was illegal for anyone to enter a country with COVID-19 when citizens faced the challenge of federal housing law.
“Nigeria has put forth considerable effort to win COVID-19 and to keep track of the disadvantage, which has resulted in major economic, social, and social impact.
“We have to support the nation’s efforts to protect our city, our efforts to protect the nation’s nationality, our efforts to protect the nation’s nationality, our efforts to protect the nation’s nationality, and our efforts to protect the nation’s nationality,” he said.
Commenting on the defeat of the team to the players who have played the game, the team has won the victory for the 70 players who have played the game, and the team has won the game.
President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated the Chairman of the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives of the House of Representatives.
He noted that the federal government is looking for opportunities to meet the challenge.
The Minister commended Nigerians for their efforts to overcome COVID-19 disease.
He invited such states as Lagos, Sókótó, Cross Rivers, and Niger, which are bordered with other countries, to ensure that the border is closed so as not to be viewed by foreigners at this time.
--- COVID-19: FCTA introduces new rules during house arrest
The Federal Capital Territory Administration, FCTA, has launched a new policy to stop the spread of COVID-19 pandemics in Abuja.
According to a statement released by the Abuja administration on their twitter website, new housing policies have been implemented.
Among the new regulations under the direction of the COVID-19 Security Council of Abuja, FCT Minister Malam Muhammad Musa Bello:
The game is the only game you can buy, and the game is the only game you can buy.
Ruts in Kubwa and Dutse.
The release of a mobile gymnasium to strike down criminals.
--- President Buhari congratulates Governor Johnson on Corona
President Muhammadu Buhari congratulated Prime Minister Boris Johnson on being hospitalized for coronation.
In a letter of greeting he sent on April 14, 2020, President Johnson said: “I’m very happy when I’ve heard the good news that he has left the coronavirus hospital.”
President Buhari prayed to the leader, asking God to give him perfect peace all the days of his life.
--- COVID-19: China is the target of coronary disease, not Nigerians or black people in China – Minister
The Nigerian Government, in the hands of the Chinese government, is fighting the disease of the coronavirus in the face of hatred and indifference to Nigerian citizens or to the black population of Guangzhou in China.
The Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Iheama, and the representative of China in Nigeria, Zhou Pingjian, said this to journalists in Abuja.
A video broadcast by Nigerian youths exposes the horrors of Chinese youths.
The Minister continued that a sister selling food in Guangzhou, China, who was suffering from COVID-19 in 2019 along with Nigerians who had purchased food for the past week suffered from coronary disease and had been hospitalized in the next week.
The Minister said there is a close-knit partnership between China and Nigeria, and the two countries are working together to resolve the crisis.
--- COVID-19: President Buhari commends journalist, security and health organization
President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed his appreciation to the journalists, the health-care agency, and the security agencies for the country’s efforts to stop the spread of COVID-19 pandemics.
During a broadcast to Nigerians on Monday, Aare:
I am very grateful for the health-care professionals and for those who work hard throughout the country, especially in Lagos, Ogum, and the capital of Nigeria, Abuja.
“You are our heroes as a nation, and we will be grateful to all of us for supporting us during this challenging time.
We will provide health officials with excitement, which will be announced the following week.
I am also grateful to all the newspapers, celebrities, and prominent people in the community for their prestigious work in promoting cleanliness, shelter, and convention activities.
Thanks to this support and cooperation, much has been accomplished during the 14-day housing program.
The security guards and the law enforced this challenge, and I commended them.
I encouraged them to continue fulfilling their responsibilities during the housing program and not to forget their responsibilities.
The leaders of the country believe that this step will have to stop the spread of COVID-19 pandemics.
--- Police arrested criminal killing evangelist Grace Ajibola in Ibadan
The Oyo State police department has exposed a criminal named Abegundé Olaniy, who was involved in the death of a Christian evangelizer named Grace Ajibola in the province of Oluyole in Ibadan, southwestern Nigeria, on March 17, 2020.
In his explanation, the chief officer of police, Shina Olukola, sanctified the assassination of Grace Ajibola, who had saved more than two million dollars from her bank.
But the colossal hand was shaken when the Oyo State police station grabbed hold of him and legalized him.
The police department also obtained three types of bank accounts (ATM), a techno handbook, and a variety of clothes and trees that she had killed.
The Oyo State Police Department also exhibited 19 innocent victims who were involved in such crimes as kidnappings, kidnappings, and robberies in some areas of the state.
The police department also obtained two pistols; three weapons; a six-wheeled motorcycle and other items: a knife; one piece of coins; and a little over $16,000.
The Commissioner for Police, Shina Olukol, added that the people of Oyo State should not be afraid of the Police Department, which is prepared to provide adequate security for their lives and property in particular during the protests against the COVID-19 pandemic that afflicts all nations of the world.
--- COVID-19: No penalty for violating Housing Command
The Commissioner-General of Police of Oyo State, Shina Olúkolú, has issued a call to refuse complaint against violating house arrest in Oyo State.
He went on to say that anyone who touches the sword of the kingdom will be subjected to legal punishment.
The Commissioner of Police opened the matter during the demonstration of 20 innocent victims at the Oyo State police station in the district of Ilieye in Ibadan, southwestern Nigeria.
In his comment, Komisa revealed that the Governor of Oyo State, Mr. Makinde, issued a decree on the prevention of the spread of the Corona virus, known as COVID-19.
The Oyo State Governor’s Household Declaration has been validated since June 29, 2020, in which no one is banned from 7: 00 p.m. until 6: 00 a.m. the following day.
This law forbade anyone to cook at 7: 00 a.m. every day.
Komisan, on the other hand, expressed his disappointment with the disobedience of some to fight the police so much that they became hospitals.
--- COVID-19: Five (5) equal in Nigeria
Fifty (5) major cases of Corona disease (COVID 19) have also been in Nigeria, resulting in 333 cases of Corona disease, while some 85 have been healed and 10 have still responded to God’s invitation.
Of the eight new cases, (2) in Kwara State, (2) in Lagos State, and (1) in Katsina State, the Corona-borne state of Nigeria is now 19 states.
--- COVID-19: Political action against Corona-IBB
The Nigerian Armed Former President, Ibrahim Badamasi Babangida has urged all who refuse to take political action against Corona.
He commended government officials for their efforts to curb Corona’s disease in Minna, Niger, as well as the state governors, health organizations for their vital role in the prevention of Covid-19 disease in Nigeria, despite the fact that the number of victims of the disease has increased daily.
He urged Nigerians to comply with the policies set out by health organizations and NCDCs to prevent COIVD-19.
--- Easter: President of Oshun State urges Nigeria to hope in God
The Speaker of the Osun State House, Mr Timothy Owoeye, has urged all Nigerians to strengthen their hope despite the disaster in the country.
It was not Corona "s disease that will lead to the end of the world, says a spokesman in his Easter publication on Saturday.
He urged genuine Nigerians to provide relief aid to those in need.
He continued: This observance of the Easter of Christ must be played a key role in relationships with others.
During the COVID-19 pandemic, relief efforts were not to be formed by governments and politicians.
There is no question that the times in which we live are very difficult, but we must keep our faith in God and have the hope that, no matter how difficult, the time will come.
--- COVID-19 Disease
The COVID-19 pandemic is a deadly disease that affected the entire international economy.
As a result, the Federal Government of Nigeria launched legislation on housing in Lagos, Ogum, and Abuja to protect the lives of hosts and visitors in Nigeria.
Our victory depended solely on the principles set out by the health-care organization and on obedience to the rules of dwelling.
--- Easter: Maintain Your Faith – Zey Mákinde, Oyo State Governor
The Governor of Oyo State, Semi Makinde, has urged the post-Christian children to maintain their faith in the power of the Resurrection of the Christ during the worldwide crisis of Corona disease.
The governor made this statement in a resurrection message he sent to the people of Oyo State.
Makinde adds, “Easter, after Christ, reminds us children of our faith, Faith in the power of the Resurrection.
We need to have faith in what we cannot see, especially when the world is in danger of COVID-19.
He noted that although the Corona pandemic has caused the citizens to stay at home and have been unable to go to work, it also made it difficult for many citizens to provide for their relatives according to their custom.
Governor Makinde promised that the government would give the citizens the best possible way of life.
The governor urged the citizens to stay in their homes and maintain peace.
--- PRESIDENT MUHAMMADU BUHARI FOR THE 2020 RESURRECTION OF CHRIST TO ALL NATIONS OF NIGERIA
I rejoice with Kristi "s brothers and sisters and with all Nigerians on this year" s Easter celebration.
This year "s Easter commemorated the worldwide spread of COVID-19 pandemic.
Although all of Christ "s followers have come together to celebrate Easter in a humble way different from the way they do in their places of worship.
This was surprising and devastating.
Nevertheless, I want to encourage all Christians to maintain their faith in Christ, who overcame persecution, sufferings and endurance, and above all, godly qualities.
Jesus Christ represented the human power to endure temporary pains in the hope of eternal glory.
I urge you to live the life of humility, discipline, endurance, sacrifice, and obedience that Jesus Christ demonstrated while on earth.
There is no better opportunity for all Christians, especially the Nigerians in general, to be faithful, hoping that, in prayer and by loyalty, individually or collectively, the nation must meet these challenges.
I have no doubt that if all partners, individually and socially, put forth great effort and follow the advice of scientists and therapists, we can be sure that the human decision will succeed.
As I explained in a national broadcast on Sunday, 29th, 2020, that since there is no known vaccine, the best and most effective way to avoid the disease is by means of regular sanitation and by avoiding congregation meetings.
I am also using this opportunity to commend the federal government for the preventive measures of COVID-19 disease.
I know of the anxieties and suffering that individuals and peoples suffer through such acts as their home and their absence from their secular work.
As it is with “the word of life and of death,” these challenges must be met for our own desire to rescue this nation from the pestilence.
My main concern was the welfare of my loved ones.
Thus, the economic development of this country is vital to our thinking, and we will also try to provide for people.
At the time of the COVID-19 pandemic, a global challenge, the government failed to recognize the threats caused by violent and rebellious persecutors to our country "s security.
They opened the way for a series of attacks on our country.
But the military forces, the security agencies, and the cleansing agencies are loyal to the threat of all terrorist attacks.
As we mark the Easter of this year, no matter what, I encourage you to take advantage of our present circumstances and to try to take care of ourselves and be safe.
I congratulate all of you on the celebration of Christ "s resurrection.
President Muhammadu Buhari
--- Hot: Fire crashes in money management
The Federal Accountant General of the Federation has claimed that the fire has been destroyed.
--- COVID-19: Six more people (6) in Nigeria
Six (6) more victims of Corona (COVID 19) disease in Nigeria
As a result, the number of Corona sufferers has increased to 238, while about 35 people have been healed and five (5) have been called by God.
--- Distribution of rice from smugglers to Nigerian-Buhari
The President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari has decreed that the customs agency distribute 150 tons of rice to all Nigerian states.
The Minister of finances, finance, and regulations, Mr Zainab Ahmed, spoke with newsmen in Abuja.
Ahmed also said that all the nets had been sent to the humanitarian and emergency agency to distribute the rice.
Ahmed said the President has also signed seed relief efforts to move to parts of the country.
The Minister added that the government has reduced farmers "financing costs from five thousand to five thousand dollars for an agricultural bag.
He also said that additional relief efforts would be made available to all Nigerians.
--- Kristi "s Resurrection Day: Nigerian Government decreed It, Economic Day for Rest
The Nigerian Government has decreed that the days of Et, 10th, April 10, and 13th, the Aje ́, be the day of rest to celebrate the Krisiti Resurrection.
The Minister of Interior, Mr. Rauf Aregbejola, announced this by means of the federal government on Monday in Abuja.
Aregbejola urged all Christians to imitate the personality and genetic makeup of Jesus Kristi by displaying love, peace, and compassion in their conduct and conduct.
Aregbeadhola also sought out all Christians to use the occasion in behalf of Nigeria and the entire world during the global COVID-19 epidemic.
The Minister also urged Nigerians to support the efforts of the federal government in the fight against Corona disease.
He reminded Nigerians of regulations that had been established in order to stop the spread of Corona disease in this country, especially by avoiding humans and cleaning during the ceremony.
Aregbeadhola welcomed all Christians to celebrate Easter celebrations.
--- COVID-19: Oyo Governor passes inspection and begins work today
The Governor of Oyo State, Shawi Makinde, said he had passed his second Corona diagnosis and promised to start his business day.
Makinde said this on her Twittre on the night of Immortality when you received the results of the second inspection.
Governor Makinde stated on his Twitter site that he had Conona’s disease, COVID-19.
From then on, the governor remained at home until he received a second report on Corona, which he claimed to be free of the disease.
--- COVID-19: Nigeria’s eight peak attendance (8)
A total of eight people (8) suffered from Corona (COVID 19) disease in Nigeria, resulting in a peak of 322 cases.
This was announced by the Nigerian NCDC on their Twitter address, @NCDCgov, on Sunday, April 5, at 9:30 p.m., the night of Immortality.
Of the eight new members, 5 in Lagos, 1 in Abuja, Federal Capital Territory (FCT), and 2 in Kaduna.
--- COVID-19: Lagos Governor expands relief efforts
The Lagos State Governor, Mr Babajide Sanwo-Olu, has announced that they will continue the relief efforts to provide relief for the poor and the poor who may be affected by the four-day dwelling law declared by the federal government.
Following the meeting of the Governing Body for Security at the Lagos State House of Gomerina, Mr. Sanwo-Olu stated that all debts paid by patients, pregnant women in emergency cases, surgeons in premature hospitals, or by the state government during this period of residency law.
Sanwo-Olu said they took the initiative to bring relief to the patients, whose work was restricted by the domestic law during the COVID-19 pandemic.
He urged the citizens of Lagos to strengthen their patience with the government of Sanwo-Olu in favor of the fruitful domestic law, enabling health institutions and the fighting agency in the country to eliminate Corona patients and to receive treatment at the health-care facilities in Yaba.
Mr. Sanwo-Olu insisted on the government "s efforts to protect the lives and property of the citizens.
He then warned the mob, who might use this time to disrupt the waters of peace, that they had ordered the law-enforcement agency to provide security for the territory for 24 hours.
--- COVID-19: Ten more Nigerians disappear
In Nigeria, an additional 10 people suffered from Corona (COVID 19), which resulted in a peak of 244.
Of the ten new members, 6 are in Lagos State, 2 are in Abuja, the Federal Capital Territory (FCT), and 2 are in Edó State.
--- COVID-19: Nigeria has five more victims
In Nigeria, another five people suffered Corona (COVID 19), which resulted in 214 sufferers of the disease.
This was announced by the Nigerian Anti-Pestilence Organization (NCDC) on their Twitter address, @NCDCgov, at 10:10 p.m., Saturday evening.
Of the five new members, three (3) in Bauchi (Northeastern) and two (2) in Abuja, Federal Capital Territory (FCT).
--- Our fight against Corona in Nigeria – Chikwe Ihekweazu
The Covid-19 General Assembly has urged the directors of government and private companies to comply with its policies and tests on the prevention of Corona.
The Secretary-General of the Federation of Nigeria (SGF) and Covid-19 Chairman, Boss Mustapha, spoke with newsmen in Abuja.
Mustapha has the power to put the lives of the people and the economy and security of Nigeria at risk.
He urged all citizens of the country to see the committee "s efforts as a means of protecting the lives of slaves and children in Nigeria.
Osagie Ehanire, a member of the Nigerian Ministry of Health, said:
"All Nigerians are encouraged to stay in their homes and preserve their health care, following health-care programs provided for only those who have recently arrived from the journey have the opportunity to walk back into their homes."
The director of the National Center for Disease Control, NCDC, Chikwe Ihekweazu said:
Every day, we send workers and equipment to the affected territory, and we try to do our best to stop Corona in Nigeria, even though there is a need for money, hair, help, equipment, and other resources.
This attempt was not easy, but the whole territory in Nigeria is convinced that we will not tire out to stop Corona in affected territories.
--- COVID-19: Anambra and another state have begun receiving relief funds
The Federal Government, in the state of Anambra, has announced that Katsina and Nasarawa will receive funds from the Humanitarian, Emergency, and Environmental Development Organization.
The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Emergency and Environmental Affairs, the Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Emergency and Environmental Affairs, Sadiya Umar Farouq explains that the budget is part of President Muhammadu Buhari’s promise to provide relief during the time of residence in order to eliminate Covid-19.
The relief effort took place in the state of Anambra, in the province of Anyamelum (The Anaku One & 2; Omor 1 & 2; Umerum Umumbo; Ibakwu; Ifite Ogwari 1 & 2; Umueje and Omasi).
The relief efforts were also carried out in three locations in Wamba, Wayo, and Nakere, Nasarawa, central Nigeria.
Additionally, they received the help of the 33 indigenous parishes of Katsina.
The local governments are Bakori, Bindawa, Baure, Batagarawa, Dandume, Ingawa, Kaita, Mani, Musawa, Rimi, and Kankara.
--- COVID-19: Retirement pay – President Buhari
The President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari has decreed that the National Economic and Political Organization will continue to pay the salary.
The president spoke in the Presidential House in Abuja during a meeting with the COVID-19 management committee on the economy of the country.
The president also ordered the organization to supervise such infrastructure projects as roadways and railway lines to continue to use the country "s peasants.
The chairman of the committee, the Minister of finances, finances, and policies, Zainab Ahmed, during a conversation with the press after the meeting.
The chairman of the committee, Ahmed, stated: "President also ordered the committee to establish a system designed to protect the poor and vulnerable in the community."
In a statement to the media, he said that the COVID-19 and its impact on the media have played a major role in the worldwide competition.
He stated that “the President has decided to pay the bills and to implement electronic programs on the streets and railways in order to use the country’s infrastructure.
Let us not lose our dignity; let us also put forth pleasant provisions for the needy and the able-bodied.
Regarding the day-to-day program, he said, “the objective of the meeting is to give the audience a comment on how this season has been hearing something new every day.
The widespread threat of health affairs threatens the whole state and the home to meet this widespread threat of health.
“The economic downturn is the economic downturn, the economic downturn is the economic downturn, and the economic downturn is the economic downturn.”
A member of the committee, the State Minister of Petroleum, Timipre Sylva, said the country "s economic situation is worse because of the COVID-19 disease and that oil prices are falling every day, leading to periodic sustainability.
The CBN Governor, Mr. Godwin Emefiele, of the Nigerian Economic Republic, has made a big difference.
He stated that “the economic system of the world in general will suffer the consequences of economic hardship and the economic crisis of the world in general.
Therefore, we are trying to find something as successful as a national team to win the battle successfully so that we do not have to face the challenge successfully.
“It will not be easy just to assure our citizens that we are struggling with these issues and that we will be able to resolve them, and Nigerian citizens will continue to do better.
Members of the committee were the State Minister of Petroleum and Energy, Clement the Great and director of the NPC, Mela Kyari.
--- Border Ruler commends officials
The Nigerian Governor of the Colporteurs has commended his officials for their excellent and rigorous behavior during the time of the domestic law to prevent Corona disease in three days.
Mr. Ali said that he was hearing reports of his crew about the brutality of Nigerians during the challenge of Corona disease, especially to protect the boat stations.
He urged his employees to follow health-care authorities "standards by washing their hands, avoiding people, and using insecticides.
He prayed that the COVID-19 sufferers be healed quickly and that Nigeria and the world be healed.
--- COVID-19: U.S. media slanders
The U.S. Army has falsely claimed that videoconferences on videoconferences and in the media have slandered the site.
The director of the department "s news and advertising department, General John Enenche, quoted earlier that the 2012 and 2013 video was being featured in the wicked during the country" s government decree to include security personnel to help prevent the spread of CIDOV-19 pandemics.
General John Enenche I urged Nigerians to see their videos carried on as evil deeds to destroy the armed forces.
The military authorities will continue to uphold its obligation to violate Nigerian law and protect the waters of the country.
--- COVID-19: 23 more in Nigeria
Another 23 Nigerians are now suffering from Corona (COVID-19.) disease.
Corona sufferers also died in Lagos, Abuja, Akwa Ibom, Kaduna, and Bauchi.
According to the Nigerian Centre for Disease Control, NCDC, 9 were found in Lagos State, 7 (7) in Abuja, FCT, 5 (5) in Akwa Ibom State, 1 in Kaduna State, and 1 in Bauchi State.
The total number of victims of Corona disease in Nigeria has grown to 174, and nine have died and two have died.
--- COVID-19: A glimpse of Abuja
If a humble clergyman or clergyman delivered a message to all Nigerians, a new government would come, allowing slaves, householders, and guests to stay in their homes.
The coming of a disease that would cause a businessman to close his cabin, a disease that would cause all those who travel abroad because of headache or a minor illness to refuse to do so, to sit at home, I knew that all Nigerians would be invited either to do so or to deny that he or she did not do so.
The COVID-19 pandemic, Corona pandemic, and other diseases, all of us suffered in Nigeria, as well as in the poor, poor, and unknown diseases in China.
I am convinced that, however, Nigeria will survive, and Nigeria will be free of the Corona virus.
We had to be freed from coronavirus.
If Corona disappeared from Nigeria, all Nigerians ought to learn one or the other lesson that a person who is invisible to God is undoubtedly not created.
It is wise for all Nigerians to learn that travel is not like a home, but like a ship, it is smooth and smooth.
If all government or state hospitals, medical facilities, or phase hospitals in our country have been repaired, it is in line with all foreign hospitals, which our wealthy survive short-term illnesses, if all our conventional hospitals are ordinary, there is little trouble.
My suggestion is that we should all clash, clash, clash, and try to resolve all of the weaknesses of this country, whether in the hospital or in the economy, so that our country will grow.
It "s all right, and when it" s all right, it "s all right.
--- Tibet: federal government starts to distribute 20,000 naira in Abuja
In an effort to facilitate the welfare of the people of Abuja by means of the Constitution of the President Muhammadu Buhara, the Nigerian Government has begun distributing 20,000 dollars (U.S.) to the population of Kwali.
The Minister of Humanitarian Affairs, Emergency and Social Development, Hajiya Sadiya Umar Farouq, stated this during the morning distribution.
According to the Nigerian Publisher, Kwali "s local government has now received the N20,000 privileges of 190 people.
Hajiya Farouk said that the people who owed the money had received 5,000 a month, and at this time they received 20,000 for the same four-month salary.
He added that the relief fund would benefit 5,000 people in the city of Abuja.
--- Fuel prices have dropped to N123.50
The Nigerian Government has also approved a reduction of N123.50 per litre (U.S.).
President of the Petroleum Products Pricing regulatory Agency (Petroleum Products Pricing regulatory Agency) Abdulkadir Saidu announced this on Tuesday night.
The Reduction will begin on April 1, 2020 (April 1, 2020), and all automotive companies across Nigeria must comply with this announcement.
--- COVID-19: Twelve more in Nigeria
The number of coronaries in Nigeria (COVID-19) has grown to 151.
The Nigerian Pestilence Organization (NCDCgov) has announced on Twitter that nine others have been displaced in Osun, two (2) in Lagos, and one (1) in Lagos.
--- COVID-19: President Buhari thanks people, corporation for support
President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed heartfelt appreciation for the efforts of business directors, evangelizers, musicians, and individual supporters of the government to fight against the COVID-19 pandemic that affected the world economy.
The President expressed gratitude to the NPC for the winning of $30 million, to a member of the APC, as well as to Mr. Mike Adenuba Tinubu, Mrs. Folunshó Alakiijah of Famfa, and Mr. Emeka Offor, who has not joined Nigerians in supporting health and education.
The president also expressed heartfelt gratitude to these kindhearted people, the Zenith Bank PLC, for providing health care, and to the Keystone bank, First Bank Plc, as well as to the director of the Dunamis International Gospel Centre, Dr Paul Enenche, and his wife, Dr Becky Enenche.
The President also expressed his deep appreciation to the Stallion Group and the National Football Federation, Innocent Idibia Tuface, for their support.
Restoration of health care
President Buhari assured Nigerians that the funds would be used properly in fighting the COVID-19 campaign and in rebuilding hospitals.
He expects all donors to send the money to the COVID-19 team.
The President also urged Nigerians to adhere to the policies of the National Health Organization (NCDC), which are being implemented day and night to promote peace in the entire country.
It has the challenge facing the world headquarters of our language, as well as the rest of the world headquarters, will need funds, mental and human resources, along with the Nigerian partnership in fighting the spread of the coronavirus.
--- Covid-19: Home relief committee rules
The secretary-general of the federal government, Boss Mustapha, said the committee will soon announce the implementation of a relief plan.
President Muhammadu Buhari has approved the appointment of a trade committee in Nigeria under the leadership of Vice President Yemi Osinbajo.
The statement was made by the secretary-general of the federal government, Mr Boss Mustapha, during the inauguration of the committee in Abuja.
The secretary-general also stated that the committee was appointed to help relieve the spread of Covid-19 disease in Abuja, Lagos, and Ogum.
We had just begun, we did not know when this event would end, but I believed that we would soon start the program, the programs
He, the committee, will announce without deliberate planning.
--- COVID-19 Homes: Governors promise to care for major infrastructure
The Nigerian Governor League (NGF) has promised to monitor the circulation of important goods in Nigeria during the housing period in these states.
In a statement issued by the group that during the videoconference on Immortality Day, the chairman of the group, Lagos State Governor, Ayode Faiemi, handed the hand.
The publication, which covered news reports on Monday in Abuja, that the governors held a meeting on the international agenda, commenting on the development of coronavals throughout the country.
In the article, he stated: “The governors have made a promise to ensure that during the time of their stay, they will be able to carry out important tasks throughout the country.
In Zebyatariah, the NGF will issue a code of transportation for all state governments in the state.
The NCDC, Nigeria’s National Health Organization (NCDC), and Nigeria’s National Health Organization (NCDCs) are all responsible for the fight against infectious diseases.
Governors also arranged to hold meetings on the coronavirus program locally and weekly.
Through the food, drinking, and drug supplies of the Nigerian National Health Organization (MAN), Phaiemi informed governors of the steps taken by the Korona National Health Organization and private companies.
Others are the MTN Foundation and the Aliko Dangote and Herbert Wigwe programs.
The statement stated that the governors received brief reports from health minister Dr Osagie Ehanire and director of NCDC, Dr Chikwe Ihekweazu, on the efforts of the federal government to stop the spread of COVID-19 disease in the country.
He noted that the two governors were repeatedly informed of the plans to expand vacations and coronary therapies in the state.
--- COVID-19: Secretary-General of State for Foreign Affairs
The director of staff for the President of Nigeria, Abba Kyari, has said that his health has not been affected but that he is going to have another Corona diagnosis in Lagos.
The director spoke on his twitter address, @NGRPresident, stating that he has arranged for his health care to alleviate the suffering of other health-care workers.
“I have my own overseers in order to reduce public health problems and face challenges,” Kyari said.
Kyari felt safe and inexperienced, as well as other health problems that threatened her disease.
“As with so many people who are infected with the coronavirus, I have never experienced the phenomenon or other symptoms associated with the Corona disease.
I did my work from house to house, and I had the hope of returning to work sooner.
I have a group of youths, gymnasts, gymnasts, and gymnasts who work seven days a week without a day of rest.
We will continue as we have been serving the President and the People of Nigeria for the past five years.”
The following are comments from the Secretary-General of Public Health:
“I have my own overseers to alleviate public health problems, and they are facing challenges.”
He also expressed his appreciation for the efforts of health officials throughout the country to risk their lives for Nigerians and to commend Nigerians for caring for the disadvantaged.
Kyari encouraged Nigerians to be patient with their health-care counsel, taking the leadership counsel, coping with the media, and promoting distances.
--- COVID-19: Nigeria has 1111 coronavirus tests
The NCDC has announced that there are 14 others affected by Corona (COVID-19) in Lagos, 9 in Lagos, and 5 in FCT, Abuja.
From 9: 30 a.m., the number of victims of Corona has increased to 111, and Lagos is now ranked with 68 patients.
--- COVID-19: President Buhari demands that Lagos, Ogum and Abijah (FCT) be put to death
The President of Nigeria, COVID-19, President Muhammadu Buhari has planned to stop Corona in Lagos, Ogum, and Abuja.
During a broadcast, on the night of Immortality, the president stated that the entry or exit law would begin at 11: 30 a.m., March 2020.
With advice from health and disease prevention agencies in Nigeria, I ordered him to stay in and out of Lagos, Ogum and FCT Abuja for 14 days from 11: 30 a.m., March 3, 2020.
The result of Ogum is that the territory is closer to the state of Lagos and the number of vehicles in the two states.
All the nets in these states must be in the home, and there will be no transportation from one state to another.
All the facilities and offices in these areas must be on the streets during this time.
President Buhari said the governors of Lagos State, Ogum State, and the Minister of the State of Abuja are aware of the situation.
Similarly, all the directors of the security and cleaning agencies are aware of the arrangement.
The President said his government would use the housing season to remove contact with the Korona virus.
The President stated that the law did not restrict hospitals, health institutions, oil stations, and the distribution of herbal products.
Also, all shopkeepers and food shoppers, rubber shops and car oil stations, power stations, and private security agencies.
The president stated that although the housing laws did not restrict these facilities, there would be restrictions on where they could go.
The staff of the company that operates communications and calls, the radio and the broadcasts that are unable to operate from its home, will be allowed to walk, but such people must be able to display their identity cards.
--- Sixty days depends on -NNPC
The Nigerian Petroleum Corporation (NNPC) has urged Nigerians to be fearful of buying cars, since the company has been Nigeria’s two-month-old fuel supply.
Mele Kyari, the company "s director, spoke with conviction when he spoke to newsmen on the day of Immortality in Abuja.
Kyari urged Nigerians to avoid flooding in the gas stores.
He said: “There’s no shortage; we have enough oil for two ounces without oil.
“True, people, because of the spread of disease, we stay at home, you can try to remove oil, you don’t need to remove it.
He planned Nigerians not to cover the whole house because there was no need for this.
Commenting on NARTO talks to the oil team, Kyari said the team will send them all over.
He adds, "As we now speak, there is no interference for drivers of cars, since they get their fuel regularly, there is no business plan to stop."
--- President Buhari to negotiate with Nigeria in Venezuela
President Muhammadu Buhari will report with Nigerians on Monday, March 29, at 7: 00 p.m.
The Nigerian Adviser for Media and Propaganda, Mr. Fajabi Adesena said this in a statement.
He encouraged TV stations and radio stations along with other media to collaborate with the National Television Programme (NTA) and Nigeria National Radio (FRCN) on Monday.
Nigeria will continue to operate on our Twitter website, @voiceofnigeria.
--- COVID-19: Governor Lagos demands housing
Governor Caiaode Faiemi has announced on Sunday that the state of Akti will be closed to halt the development of Korona.
The governor stated that all business operations should be equal to any travel except for the sake of good markets.
He said that a person who would mislead the new law to end the spread of corruption in the state would be sentenced to six months in prison.
The Governor delighted in announcing the initiative in the fight against the disease in the country.
He said: “It’s a great deal to be regrettable that a group of youths are cold, self-discipline, or the struggle to maintain the complex system of controlling coronation and exposure to one’s body in order to protect one’s body and reduce the spread of the disease in one’s cells.”
“Seeing our demeanor, hopelessness, and perseverance in life are as important as humans, we need to meet these with quick thought and action that can protect our demeanor and growth.
“If we don’t take sufficient measures to prevent this disease, we will be able to overcome our health-care agency, stabilize our economy, and cause much harm to Lagos.
“As we have noted, the state’s poor condition is due to outright financial security, the coronavirus virus, and the world’s economy as well as high-paying oil prices.
“Therefore, we can’t give up on ourselves.
“Therefore, it is noteworthy that by means of page 8 of the Federal Constitutional Court, the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 2004 and the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, 1999 (in the case of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional Court of the Federal Constitutional
“The purpose of the building was to stop transporting people and goods within the territory for 14 days.
“Therefore, from 1:59pm afternoon on Monday, March 30, 2020, to 11:59pm afternoon on Monday, April 13, 2020, no one is forbidden to march in Lagos, while the gates are closed.
“This is scheduled in Lagos State, with a 12-hour stay from 7: 00 p.m. until 7: 00 a.m.
Every member of the Lagos State is expected to stay in their home.
“We are using the infrastructure to protect all the citizens of Lagos State, so we have to keep it clear.
If you don "t play or stay home for 14 games on March 30, 2020, you may be able to pay for a game or a game.
He said, “At the time of the housing, the state of residence, the state of residence, the state of residence, and the state of residence were banned in the state of Lagos; and, at the same time, all those in the state of Lagos were arrested.”
He also said that all factories were to be closed on the streets except for those who performed duties involving the lives of the people.
Markets, big stores, and small stores were to be located outside the main marketplace, and COVID-19 was to be clean.
All places of worship, such as places of prayer and praise, nighttime, interchange of doors, and NasFAT meetings; social gatherings, marriages, family and household meetings, bars, political gatherings, protests, social gatherings, and ceremonies, are now prohibited by this arrangement.
Only burial gatherings are not permitted, but the gatherings must be of no more than 20 persons, no nightmares or celebrations.
At this time, all the Gates of Ai will be closed except for oil drivers, food suppliers, herbal remedies, and essential goods.
All those who were not citizens of the State but who arrived in the state on time or after the rule of dwelling were to stay in the state for the 14 days of the declaration and to examine COVID-19 as well as at home if necessary.
“All drivers like buses, motorcycles, motorcycles, motorcycles, and five motorcycles don’t work; except motorcycles, motorcycles, motorcycles, and food or anything else don’t work; they don’t work; they don’t work; they don’t work; they don’t work; they don’t work; they don’t work.
Those who engage in special activities will be allowed from time to time to engage in special activities, especially in the field of health care, and in the field athletes will be given a rating card.
Fijiammi explains that the law of the housing industry is the most important factor in achieving the standard of living:
They are members of the House of Representatives, the State, and the courts.
Others are farmers, distributors and food and drink, pharmaceutical stores, libraries and dishes, circuit and sanitation servants, cleaners, water, communications, electronic stores, and electronics suppliers.
Others had a trusted security worker, a trust worker, a trust worker, and a trust worker.
The Governor stated that “those who violate this law will be guilty of the project, and when they are guilty, they will be able to pay compensation or to pay for less than six months of business or for less than two months of business.”
Phaiemi said that he knew that this would bring economic hardship and economic hardship, and he said that the people of the province of Ai, especially the vulnerable, were financially involved.
--- COVID-19: Seventy-seven tons of coronation in Nigeria
There are now 97 people suffering from Corona in Nigeria.
The National Institute of Disease announced the eight new reports that “on average 10:40am, 28th, Korona infections in this country have increased to 97 and 1 injured in March.
“Now; Lagos-59, FCT-16 Ogun-3 Enugu- 2 Eriti- 1 Oyo-7 Edo- 2 Bauchi- 2 Oshun-2 Rivers-1 Benue- 1 Kaduna- 1”
Two coronavirus players have also played in Nigeria; 2 at FCT, 4 at Oyo, 1 in Kaduna, and 1 in Oyo State
At 10:40am each day, 28th, March, the number of Korona diseases in this country has grown to 97, and one of them has died.
--- COVID-19: President of Nigeria plays off airport and border
To stop the spread of the deadly coronary disease, the President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari has ordered that Nigeria’s foreign airports and airport be set off quickly for four weeks.
The president said this on his Twitter @MBuhari on Monday, and he said there is an effort to contribute to economic security by implementing all policies, strategies, and strategies to overcome epilepsy and home finds, without getting worse with those coming from abroad.
The President expressed heartfelt appreciation for the hardship the Nigerians had suffered through the airport and the border, adding that “it is necessary for our benefit, and I thank you for the cooperation and commitment of all of you.
I had ordered that a 14-four-four-four-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two-two
He explains that “these 14 houses will not be closely connected with those who carry petroleum and gases while there is little contact with humans.
President Buhari also restrained the ships to reduce the spread of the disease to the rest of the country.
Relief funds – President Buhari decreed that the Lagos State be given a ten-billion-dollar donation, since the Koronah Central in Nigeria is located there.
The funds will keep Lagos alive to control and prevent distribution, while the rest of the funds will be expanded by extension, he explains.
The President also stated that the NCDC will be able to finance the five-billion-dollar budget for the sale of bees, the expansion, and the increasing number of subscribers to companies and business facilities throughout the country.
“I’ve planned the NCDC to send the whole team back to the club in response.”
Furthermore, all the NCDC players on board and on board returned home immediately.
Nigeria’s U.S. Air Force (NAF) has been preparing for the Nigeria’s U.S. Air Force to be used throughout the country for good management.
“Today the Nigerian Air Force (NAF) is taking the initiative to bring our Central African national team home to finance the project,” he said.
The budget – “He commends the funding agencies for the “critical times” of the donor’s donation to the donor’s donor’s donor.”
The Senate said it will be able to provide relief funds to alleviate the devastating effects of this disaster on the lives of Nigerian citizens.
A statement stated that the revision of the nation "s economy will be implemented as soon as the revision of the economy is completed.
Meanwhile, I have arranged for the Minister of Business and Investment, to negotiate with the Nigerian Trade Center (MAN), in order to ensure that the supplying of food, all kinds of medicine, is progressing successfully.
News and comments – President Buhari said he has been working with the media and international organizations to distribute data and finance funds on the spread of this disease.
“We thank you for the support we have now received – we are receiving donations for our efforts.”
“I’m very grateful to Jehovah and to all the special members of the National Health Organization (NCDC), National Health Organization (WHO), National Health Organization (WHO), National Security Organization (WHO), National Health Organization (WHO), National Health Organization (WHO), National Health Organization (WHO), National Health Organization (WHO), National Health Organization (WHO), National Health Organization (WHO), National Health Organization (WHO).”
Terror and terrorism - President Buhari urged Nigerians to fight terror and terrorism.
“We need to focus on the important issues of the day-to-night agency in order to bring about the latest news for mankind.”
“I will also encourage all of us to adhere to the standards and standards of health that governments and governments have developed in regard to physical and social well-being.
“These guidelines will be adjusted from time to time when there is a need for new treatment.
“Now I assure all Nigerians that they don’t want to protect you.
We need your support and support during this difficult time.
If we cooperate, we are sure we will overcome this disease.”
--- COVID-19: Nigeria again finds 14 persons
The Nigerian Institute of Coronary Disease (NCDC) has also identified 14 coronary people, also known as COVID-19.
The NCDC announced on their Twitter that they found a Koronavirus in FCT, one in Bauchi, and 12 in Lagos.
“Out of 14 people were discovered on water, 3 rescue pilgrims and 2 self-sacrificing pilgrims were discovered,” states NCDC.
This resulted in a total of 65 cases of coronavirus discovered in Nigeria, with three cases of coronavirus injured and one injured.
We found out in the news at 8:35pm:
In Nigeria, 14 coronaries were identified; 1 in the FCT, 2 in Bauchi, and 12 in Lagos.
Of the 14 people, 6 were discovered on water, 3 - 2 refugees and 2 suicide victims were discovered – NCDC (@NCDCgov) March 26,2020.
--- COVID-19: Vice President Osinbajo has Koronah
The Vice President of Nigeria, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, has passed the diagnosis of Koronah.
This was demonstrated by a second-time revision of the president.
The spokesman for the Vice President, Mr. Oolado, confirmed the statement in response to the media in his country.
“Thank you brothers and sisters: I have received several calls to see if the Vice President examined COVID-19 and the results.
Yes, the vice president checked, but he did not have Koronavirus, No.”
A special report on Twitter repeatedly stated that the Vice President of the Federation was on the streets and was on the streets.
--- COVID-19: Vice President Osinbajo collapses
The Deputy President of Nigeria, Professor Yeehemi Osinbajo has placed himself in the home to comply with the NCDC.
The spokesman for the Vice President, Mr. Alejandro, stated this on Tuesday from his twitter address @akandeoj.
Additionally: “The Vice President of Nigeria (Mohandan) assembled in his office on videoconference to uphold the high standard of human behavior.
“Today he has made progress from house to house because he lives at home according to NCDC rules.”
He had to talk about those who had been disfellowshipped by the Vice President before he had done his homework.
Vice President Osinbajo held a meeting in his office on videoconference to uphold the rule of tolerance.
Today, he is speeding from house to house because he lives at home according to NCDC rules.”
The manager of Nigeria’s National Traffic Road in Nigeria’s Federal Football Federation, FRSC, Wuse, Abuja, was on Monday.
They canceled the proceedings and did not give a specific reason for their progress.
--- The Garkida attack is a sign of silence – President Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has condemned the Boko Haram as a result of the attack in the city of Garkida in Adamawa, northeastern Nigeria.
President Buhari stated in a statement: “The attacks in some areas by the Boko Haram are an example of anxiety for the Boko Haram, since my government has broken the wings of the Boko Haram rebels to invade the area safely.
The president expressed sympathy for the families who were injured in the disaster, and he promised citizens of the nations that no territory would be established.
“We should commend our valiant troops for fighting the troops, but they must do more than this.
They have our support to attack the rebel forces further and to scourge them.
I would like to reassure the citizen that the rebels will continue to resist the combined forces of the army until they repent of their mistakes.
President Buhari said from the time the government came to power, the efforts of the Boko Haram to shut down Nigeria’s interests have been devastating.
--- Boko Haram attacks in Adamawa
The LAFIYA DOLE "s 232 Army of Armed Forces Under LAFIYA DOLE, who was transferred to Garkida, in the province of Gombi, Adamawa, has destroyed Boko Haram as a target.
According to a publication of the Deputy Directors of the Yola General Assembly, Major Haruna Mohammed Sani, the rebels came to the area with seven rifles, several motorcycles, and several houses that caused terror in the city center.
As explained by Major Sani, “these courageous troops fought and destroyed violent criminals, and most of the criminals were killed and scattered, and many were victims of bloodguilt on the way they escaped.”
“Happily, one of the courageous troops lost his life, and the wounded soldier is now being healed at the military hospital.
As soon as the earthquake struck on June 22, 2020, the Armed Forces Commander, General Sani Gambo Mohammed, visited the team at Garkida
At the end of his visit, he praised the team for the persistence, caution, and struggle that led them to conquer the bullet.
He also urged the team not to preside because it prepared and the rebellion wanted to return to the area.
In addition, the general urged the local inhabitants to inform the military as soon as they heard of impostors or people who were not involved.
He assured the people of the Garkida region that the Nigerian Army would not preside in protecting the property and life of the civilians.
--- President Buhari thanks ‘Doctors Without Limits’ for their support in Nigeria
President Muhammadu Buhari has expressed appreciation for the endurance and efforts of the Medecins Sans Frontieres (Dokita Without Limits) in the riotous areas of Nigeria.
During the President’s welcome at the Presidential House of Abuja, Dr. Christos Christou, on Sunday, President said the effort and perseverance of the party, especially without charge, was surprising.
President Buhari stated that the federal government did not succeed in its efforts despite extensive dishonor.
The President said “we recognize the situation of children who do not know where their parents are, or where they come from, and that this is why the National Center for Human Rights, Natural Disasters, and Social Development was established.
This is to organize relief for such individuals.
The President promised that the government would cooperate with international child-care agencies, large corporations, and foreign organizations to provide relief services for the affected areas during the week.
--- Media Minister explains 500 million dollars from China
The Minister of Information and Culture, Alhaji Lai Mohammed, said 500 million dollars to be borrowed from China is not limited to the Nigerian National Design Institute (NTA).
The Minister of Information and Publicity stated the matter during a conversation with a journalist in Abuja, Nigeria’s capital, on the subject of the loan for special services.
Mohammed said the funds were made for three major projects in Nigeria that dealt with the media controversy.
He said a group of journalists in his parliament office had rumored that the funds allowed the NTA to compete with America’s Cable Network News, CNN.
The Minister explained that the funds would be used in the construction of the ITS, which is the air-conditioning tool of the Federal Government and the modern radio broadcasting system (DSO).
At the same time, he said that the funds would be used to build a modern-day newspaper school for journalists and journalists in Irodú, Lagos State, which is a center for home / fashion, art, and journalism.
He said the funds would also be used to provide modern-day motion pictures, The Four Stars, The Great Drama Hall, and The Watchtower.
The Minister added that the funds would also be used to purchase the latest mimeograph and electricity.
He said that The Watchtower School was the second-highest in the African country, the first in Egypt.
The Minister said the funds would also be used to provide the latest technology for the NTA in Abuja and the 12 provinces and territories throughout the state of Nigeria.
--- President Buhari reassures Plateau State of peace and success
President Muhammadu Buhari has assured the people of Plateau that the government will continue to organize relief efforts by providing them with peace, success, and security.
During the President’s approval of Plateau Governor Simon Lalong and those involved in Plateau State on Sunday, President Buhari urged the residents and citizens to support the project.
The Governor urged President Buhari to set up a highway for transportation, help for those displaced by war and armed conflict, and repair the NPT.
President Buhari told the delegates that he is pleased with the development of the state’s security and community development
Among the concerns with Lalong Governor’s Deputy Governor, Professor Sonni Tyoden and State diplomats
--- Senate will investigate Nigeria’s mobile-phone robberies
The Senate had recently begun investigating the costs of mobile-phone and telephone companies as they robbed the citizens of the nations of unpleasant calls and collected money from their customers.
Speaking of the chairman of the Communication Committee, Senator Oluremi Tinubu stated that “communication companies are being corrupted by means of uncontrolled calls and other methods of robbery.
Like the MTN in Nigeria, South Africa is becoming more vulnerable.
The committee should investigate all the money that communications companies receive from their customers without taking advantage of what is paid.
Other countries return money.
But here you are sorry for us and give us a cup of coffee.
“Nigeria is one of the most widely distributed bands in the world.
While other Nigerians will have three call cards, we will also not benefit from what we have paid.
He urged Nigeria’s Telecommunication Services (NCC) to control their operations, especially as the telephone and telecommunication services robbed their customers in this country.
--- Coronavirus: Nigeria is ready
The Nigerian Government has said it is ready to take action against the outbreak of the COVID-19 coronary disease.
Nigeria’s Minister of Information and Literature, Lai Mohammed, spoke this with newsmen on Tuesday during the preparation of a coronavirus test.
The Minister also stated that organizations and government agencies working together to fight the outbreak of the coronavirus as soon as it arrives in Nigeria.
He said the National Assembly has assured Nigerians that health care is safe but will continue.
Four ministers of the country, the Minister of Aviation, the State Minister of Health, and the Minister of health care, disasters and social development, were present at the airport for the plan.
Lai mohammed said the Nigerian government news agencies, the Nigerian media, the Nigerian media, the Nigerian media, the Nigerian media, the Nigerian media, the Voice of Nigeria, and the news agency are responsible for campaigns and terrorism against the coronavirus.
He added that the ceremony was also held in the mother tongue.
Nigerian Parliament and Iran will cooperate
The Nigerian Parliament has announced that Nigeria will cooperate with the Iran Parliament.
Speaker Femi Gbajabiamila said during his visit to the Iran ambassador in Abuja, Mr Morteza Rahimi Zarchi, he said the cooperation between the Nigerian Senate and Iran would continue to flourish between the two countries.
Mr. Gbajabiamila said “We’re happy to welcome visitors from abroad, as it contributes to a stronger relationship between Nigeria and the country.
“I know that Iran is as successful as Nigeria.
"Before this, Mr. Zarchi stated that after cooperating with the legislature of the two countries, it was also necessary for the two countries to cooperate economically and economically.
He said Iran had done very hard, eagerly fighting the most rebellious country in the country.
--- Senate arrested Captain of a new airline
The Senate has denounced Nigerian Civil Aviation Authority, NCAA, Captain Musa Shuaibu Nuhu as its new director.
This was followed by a review of Musa Shuaibu Nuhu, passed by the airline board.
The Chairman of the committee, Smart Adeyemi, stated that “They chose Musa Shuaibu Nuhu because of his knowledge and training in airplanes.
On June 28, 2020, the chairman of the Senate, Ahmad Lawan, read a letter from President Muhammadu Buhari to the Senate regarding the appointment of Captain Musa Shuaibu Nuhu as chairman of the organization.
Captain Musa Shuaibu Nuhu was an experienced pilot who also served on the project for 30 years.
--- Senate President Ahmad Lawan has launched a public launch to help citizens talk about rape
Lawan described rape and rape as a crime.
Thus, the victims should be in a position to impose a law that punishes the perpetrator.
--- President urges Nigerians to avoid counterfeit journalists
The President’s Office has urged Nigerians to avoid bloodshed reports and rumors that President Muhammadu Buhari will travel abroad from September 2 to April 4.
The president "s assistant for news and advertising, Femi Adesina, said this on Monday with newsmen that the news featured on videoconference on Sunday was untrue.
He said: “It has been that the President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari, is going to go to the United Kingdom for 20 days and then to Saudi Arabia and Austria, a lie far from the truth from the wicked.
The president "s spokesman said the people of the country were not only addressing the president but also spreading rumors about family and governmental associates.
“There are also bloodguilt reports that the Ministry of Transportation, Mr. Amaechi’s train, was hit by the Minister of Transportation in Rigasa, Kaduna State, and that President Buhari’s son, Zahra, was hired in the oil market as the company’s vice director, a lie that is far from the truth.
--- Governor Borno visits Niger to rescue alien residents
The Governor of Borno State, Professor Babagana Umara-Zulum, has visited Diffa, Niger, to find ways to repatriate Boko Haram refugees in Niger to Borno.
During the governor "s inspection, more than 120 foreign residents, many of whom came from the western part of Borno State.
They are men, women, and children who have fled their area because of the Boko Haram attack since 2014, which has left many of them homeless.
Reports say that many of the alien residents have traveled extensively to neighboring countries.
Governor Diffa, Governor Isa Lameen, guided Governor Zulum, and Governor of the Borno State House of Assembly, Abdulkarim Lawan.
Professor Zulum then expressed his appreciation for the treatment of the province of Diffa, the government of Niger, and the citizens of the state of Borno.
The governor of Katsina, Aminu Masari, had warned the people of the province not to judge by themselves because of the distressing crisis in the state.
Masari spoke this on Sunday in Malumfashi during the distribution of powerful equipment supplied by Senator Bello Mandiya to the inhabitants of the province of Funtua.
Masari continued that the killing of the wise people of the Tsanwa and Dankar communities in the Batsari province came from the hands of the Zamfara rebels to retaliate.
The governor urged the local inhabitants to seek vengeance but to inform the authorities if they were suspicious of people who had lost their hands.
Masari urged them to be patient with the government and security agencies.
He sympathizes with two neighbors who have regretted the tragedy.
He said that criminals from the state of Zamfara had come to Tsanwa and Dankar on Tuesday, where 30 people, especially women and children, were killed before the area was burned.
The state police had claimed that one of the criminals had been arrested.
--- Minister invites sex in Bayelsa State
The State Minister of Petroleum, Timipre Sylva, has urged the citizens of Bayelsa to avoid violence, violence, and law-abiding practices.
Sylva spoke of this on Sunday in a publication she had published in Abuja.
“I want to use this occasion to encourage all citizens of the state of Bayelsa to avoid violence, violence, and disregard for law.
“I would like to use this occasion to apologize to the Nigerian President, Muhammadu Buhari, for the tragedy that led to the President’s change of resolve to come to Bayelsa.
Silva also urged the members of the state of Bayelsa that the leaders of the APC work hard to resolve the state crisis in which they have directed their lawyers to set matters straight.
President Buhari congratulates Nasir el-Rufai on his 60th anniversary.
President Muhammadu Buhari has joined the government and all citizens of Kaduna State to celebrate his 60th anniversary on Sunday with Governor Nasir el-Rufai.
In a statement issued next, President Buhari congratulated the governor on his efforts to strengthen the development of the country.
The president also explained that while the governor unexpectedly found himself in the public ministry, his influence in the country was incomparable.
The Deputy President of Nigeria, Professor Yemi Osinbajo has said that he has confidence in the wisdom, knowledge, and skills of the citizens of the country in dealing with the crisis that afflicts the country in need of foreign assistance.
Professor Yemi Osinbajo said with the achievements of Nigerians in the country and in the foreign field that the citizens of the country can solve the problems and challenges facing the country themselves.
Professor Osinbajo made this observation while receiving hospitality from the West African College of Surgeons (WACS) at his office on Tuesday.
The school was established in Nigerian surgeons 60 years before the African corporation was established.
The team was directed by Professor Ibrahim Yakasai to the President’s House to report on the duties and efforts of the team and to report on the 60th annual meeting of the organization, which will be held in Abuja.
Professor Yakasai was the director of the program.
Professor King-David Yawe, former president of the school, explains what the WACS has accomplished mostly regarding free healings that have been performed in many of the districts of Nigeria.
--- Nigeria adopts policies to repair streets
The Minister of Agriculture and Agriculture, Mr Babathundé Fazholá, has confirmed that the search for a variety of highway procedures throughout the country is the only way to ensure that all the roads of the country can be smoothed each year.
The Minister stated this in Ugep of Yakurr, the largest suburb of Africa during the road inspection work in Cross River State.
Vashola, who worked with her colleagues, also said that caring for the highway, especially in the rainy season, is a public responsibility.
“We stayed on the Calabar-Itu road, which is a constant struggle for drivers and people to recruit during the rainy season as the Calabar-Ikom-Ogoja road.
So all the roads that make it difficult for passengers to travel during the rainy season, such as the Numanchan route to Taraba, Calabar-Itu, Abéo-Lagosta to Otto-Lagos – we will look for guidelines that will allow workers to think of those who drive during the rainy season.
The director of SEMATECH, Isioma Eziashi, said that the challenges they face are unrealistic, even though the company is prepared to complete the project at the appointed time.
--- Nigeria’s Independent National Electoral Commission, INEC, has granted Peoples Democratic Party’s candidate, Duoye Diri’s certificate as the winner of the 2019 election in Bayelsa, in accord with the Nigerian Supreme Court’s decision.
The INEC Commissioner in the Far East May Agbamuche-Mbu handed the certificate to Diri on Tuesday in Abuja, the capital of the corporation in Nigeria.
Earlier, the INEC chairman, Professor Mahmood Yakubu, announced Diri as the winner of the state governorship election.
Diri thus commended the INEC and the court for their “trustworthy status.
"Diri has also asked that the Bayelsa country and Nigeria as a whole be healed by God, and God has given us the opportunity to walk along the road, allowing us to get along well with each other.
David Lyon and Biobarakuma Degi-Eremienyo are dismissed as governors of Bayelsa
--- President Buhari arrives in New York for UN Conference
President Muhammadu Buhari is in New York for the 74th International Summit of the United Nations.
President Buhari, who arrived in New York on Sunday, was identified by Nigerian ambassador for the United States, Sylvanus Adiewere, Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyama, and Minister of Health, Osagie Ehanire and others.
President Buhari will be the fifth speaker at the UN Conference, which will begin on Tuesday.
President Buhari will discuss the government and the three decisions he has to make in his administration after he has been restored to power by many Nigerians.
It will explain the worldwide situation of Nigeria.
The President "s role at this annual international convention is important because he is closely associated with Nigeria as president of the UN Conference.
The theme of the 74rd United Nations Summit (UNGA74) is ‘Trials on the Road to Reduce Poverty, Sustained Education, Change of the Day, and Personnel-Conventions.
--- First Ebola in Goma, Democratic Republic of Congo
Officials said that the first Ebola spread in Goma, east of the Democratic Republic of Congo, on the Day of Immortality, threatening them with the possibility of the spread of the pandemic in the border with Rwanda.
The city of Goma has an estimated 50,000 inhabitants, approximately 350 miles (350 km) south of the region where the major Ebola pandemic occurred about a year ago.
But the scarlet fever spread southward, infecting 2,500 people and killing 1,600.
How the Ebola penetrated Goma
According to staff of the hospital—the priest was the victim of the epidemic when he came to the town of Butembo, 200 miles [northern] of Goma, where he affected Ebola-borne people.
The symptoms of the disease began to develop during the week when she was on her way to Goma on the day of ET. When she arrived in Goma on the day of Immortality, she went to the hospital, where she was diagnosed with Ebola.
According to the health agency, “on account of the emergency and isolation of the illness, and the identification of all passengers from Butembo, the danger of crashing the remaining areas of Goma is small.” they have all the bus stops
Goma has been fighting Ebola for the past year, arranging for the people to wash their hands with water, and ensuring that motorcycles do not clean themselves.
In rural areas, however, the pandemic is hard to deal with, and the lack of trust among health-care providers and street fights has become a major factor in the fighting and has resulted in more cases of infection.
The Ebola virus causes diarrheal diarrheal diseases, nausea, and blood fever that can spread through the esophagus.
An epidemic in the Middle of 2013 and 2016 killed more than 11,300 people in the Western Hemisphere.
WHO responded
The first Ebola epidemic in the Democratic Republic of Congo in eastern Goma was a major step forward in the epidemic, said Chief Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus of the World Health Organization.
Tedros said that he hoped there would be no epidemic in the city, but he was gathering the WHO emergency committees to decide whether the epidemic was a world emergency system.
— World Health Organization (WHO)
The Ebola Clinic in Goma, DRC, has been operating since the March, and the patient is being treated there.
--- NMA condemns State for poor health conditions
The Nigerian Medical Association, NMA, has condemned the state governors’ abandonment of the National Homeopathy.
The president of the NMA, Dr Francis Faduyile, told the newsmen in Abuja that the failure of the State Governors to pay attention to the facilities was responsible for the collapse of the facilities.
He said that the state governments had abandoned the state hospitals, stressing that they had allowed him to have a large setback.
According to him, local hospitals are under the control of state governments and that local hospitals are in their barracks, with less state intervention and more force in this regard.
He said that NMA had made an excuse and would negotiate with the state government in an effort to resolve the situation.
“We have the hope of attending the next Governing Body Conference when they have meetings to care for their needs.
Home health is an integral part of the national health reform.”
Faduyile suggested that the Federal Government take action against mental-health problems.
According to the president of the NMA, we have noted that the government does not work well in the field of health.
According to Faduyile, among the steps taken to reform the health department, NMA has taken steps to support the Social Security Programme.
He said that the corporation would support the state that is developing their own health-care system, encouraging them to seek direction from NMA in the right way.
--- Nigeria renews her resolve to promote human rights
The Nigerian Government has said it will no longer tolerate harsh treatment of victims of confession or punishment.
The Secretary-General of the Ministry of Justice, Mr. Dayoo Akpata stated this in Abuja at the ceremony to mark the 2019 World Federation Day in Support of Sufferers.
A psychiatrist named Akpata says that the system of freedom of suffering is not a matter of prayer.
According to the Secretary-General, thousands of people worldwide suffer from physical and mental disorders as a result of physical abuse.
He stated that “all Nigerians have a right to respect the dignity of the human race, and from therefore no one is forbidden to punish others or to treat others with dignity and dignity.”
He stated that “Nigeria is one of the countries that have signed the UN’s charter of penalties.
“Nigeria’s Constitution has empowered the Ministry of Justice to implement preventive measures.”
Mr. Hamza represented Mr. Akpata at the event.
--- Vice President Osinbajo will meet with Mike Pence and others in the United States
Vice President Osunbajo is on his way to the United States, where he will meet with Vice President Mike Pence and prominent citizens of the country.
A statement from the U.S. Deputy President’s Office stated that “The Deputy President, Professor Yemi Oshinbajo, will hold the U.S. Foreign Executive Committee’s first meeting on Monday in New York City before he will meet with U.S. Deputy President in Washington DC on Sunday.
“Among other things, Vice President Yemi Oshinbajo will discuss with his counterpart how the cooperation of the two countries will continue to grow, and Vice President Oshinbajo will also discuss economic growth.
"The Vice President left the city on Saturday afternoon, hoping to return to Abuja on Tuesday.
--- UN Conference President Muhammadu Buhari
Nigeria’s representative of the United Nations Tijjani Muhammad-Bande has won as President of the 74th International Conference.
Muhammad-Bande, the only candidate, was elected by a combination of voices during the 47th international convention in New York on Tuesday, June 4.
He will be the second Nigerian to hold the position after the warrior rejected Joseph Garba, the former ambassador and diplomate who led the team in the 1980 "s.
He started his work in Kesan 2019.
--- Nigerians are advocating votes from foreign countries
All Nigerians living in a foreign country have been urged to advocate legislation that would allow them to vote during elections in any part of the country.
The Chairman of the Nigerian People’s Organization in a foreign country and the Special Adviser to President Muhammadu Buhari, Abike Dabi-Erewa, addressed this call at a convention for the APC’s delegates who live in Abuja, Nigeria.
"Thank you for coming home to join the President" s assembly.
All of you have worked hard for his success, with God "s graciousness and determination, the President spoke to you in the morning and will not disappoint you all.
He said: "One I think the most important goal for us is to win the election from a foreign country.
All of us need to work together to succeed.
He said “I would like to encourage all of you, as the ninth assembly comes home, to start immediately, to try to go to the Senate, and to ‘make sure that Nigerians have the right to vote, so it’s important.”
He said “now you have the Federation of Nigerians in a foreign country, cooperate with the Federation to ensure that this will be fulfilled, and if the few countries are able to do so, I don’t see any reason why Nigerians are unable to vote.”
He emphasized that "it will be a war that is difficult to fight, but we must strictly say that the election after the defeat has been fulfilled."
--- President Buhari visits Saudi Arabia for the OIC Summit
President Muhammadu Buhari has left Abuja to attend the OIC Conference in Makkah, Saudi Arabia.
The 14th OIC General Assembly, which will be held on Friday, 29th, May, by King Salman Abdulaziz Al Saud, which will be hosted by the Chairmen of the Union members.
According to the OIC Secretary-General’s Office, the theme of the conference was: “The Makkah al-Mukarramah Conference: Cooperation for the future” to promote the worldwide unity of Muslim horsemen.
President Buhari will address the meeting as well as the need for united member nations to work together to combat such challenges as oppression and oppression.
--- Nigeria apologizes for U.S. assistance in fighting unemployment
Nigeria is asking for help from the United States in fighting the unemployment crisis.
The Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment (Federal Ministry of Labour and Employment), secretary-general William Alo, said Nigeria has used U.S. assistance to “fight the unknown challenge facing the country.”
During his reception to the U.S. Branch Committee, headed by Kurt Petermeyer, the National Security and Health Department overseer, Alo said that U.S. assistance in developing informative educational facilities would be of great benefit to Nigeria as to the preparation of employment.
--- President Buhari makes spiritual progress in Makkah
President Muhammadu Buhari arrived in Makkah, Saudi Arabia, from Madinah, where he began his campaign to lead the Umrah in the Empire.
After a supper prayer at the great Minister of Moses, the President was taken to the great minister "s tomb of Mohammed, where he prayed for the nation, his family, and himself.
Governor of Madinah Prince Khalid bin Faisal Al-Saud served as president at Prince Mohammed bin Abdulaziz Madina International Airport.
Governor of the province of Makkah, Prince Khalid bin Faisal Al-Saud, welcomed President in Makkah.
Among the candidates were the Nigerian Delegate in Saudi Arabia, the Judge of Retirement Isa Dodo, the Secretary-General of the Reformation, Ahmed Rufa’i Abubakar, and the personnel of the Nigerian Government in Jeddah.
After the reception, Umrah began his work on the evening of the day.
--- President Buhari will be in Saudi Arabia to adhere to Umrah’s religious values
President Muhammadu Buhari has received an invitation from King Salman bin Abdulaziz of Saudi Arabia to establish Umrah (a small sacrilege) religious procedures in the country.
Among those who will accompany the President to Saudi Arabia are his principal assistants, who will arrive in Saudi Arabia on August 16, May 5.
--- Nigeria and Angola will cooperate to strengthen regional security
Nigeria and Angola will cooperate to promote peace, loyalty, and security as far west as the Middle East.
The two nations signed an agreement for a meeting between the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Iheama, and Minister of Angola "s Foreign Affairs, Manuel Augusto, in Abuja.
Augusto and Iheama signed the treaty together.
The two nations have agreed on how political, social, economic, and cultural development will be achieved in further development of both countries and the African continent.
Both countries have accepted the pressures, the challenges of climate change, and the threat of homicide.
They decided on the subject of cooperative action against all efforts to sustain the development of both countries and the United Nations.
The two nations will also discuss providing peace, loyalty, and security in the region.
--- Senate defeats Abike Dábiri-Erewa as Deputy Chairman
The Senate has rejected President Muhammadu Buhari’s decision to appoint Abiké Dabi-Erewa as Secretary-General/Chairman of the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, especially in the country’s foreign affairs.
Mrs. Dábiri-Erewa, a former member of the House of Representatives, is currently the Special Assistant in Foreign Affairs for President Buhari.
He stated that “after the legislature had completed a thorough investigation of certificates of employment and other publications of candidates, who were satisfied with the facts, demands, measurements, and political and public experience, the Senate recognized Mr. Abikele Dabierewa as a good citizen and the presiding officer of the Nigerian Ministry of Human Rights.
He said that Dabi-Erewa passed the position after the committees had made a thorough review of the Nigerian legislation.
The Senate of Agriculture adds that the beneficiary received a philosophy of the Art (English) in 1983; he progressed to another degree in Communication in 1986, and he obtained a certificate of professional training from the John Kennedy National Institute of Sciences of Harvard, in the United States, on June 6.
--- Devastating storms strike religious buildings in India after mass evacuation
Many people have lost their homes and possessions in Puri, India, as a result of the hurricane that struck the coast of ETH, Mr. Lois confirms that the hurricane has destroyed a large number of natural resources, such as power lines, an abbl communication station.
According to the emergency management agency, the hurricane hit the eastern part of Bengal before moving to Odisha State at eight o "clock in the morning.
--- Many injured, one lost his life in the Venezuela attack
In the attack that took place in Venezuela between the federal army and opposing party fanatics on Sunday, reports confirmed that a girl lost her life as a result of an injured bullet and hundreds of people were injured.
The leader of the opposing party, Juan Guaidó, has called on the investigation of those responsible for the death of the 27-year-old girl.
He urged workers on Tuesday to demonstrate their rage, which was a major cause of dismissal.
Mr. Guaidó declared himself to be the director of the state of Venezuela in June of this year, while the translation of the UK abbl has been supported by several major world headquarters, including the United States.
The president condemned a statement stating that He wanted to leave his country and also accused the United States of misinterpretation.
--- Nigeria-UK Economic Development Summit in Abuja
The Deputy President of Nigeria, Professor Yemi Osinbajo, has said that many businessmen are eager to establish a business system in Nigeria.
The Vice President stated this during the first negotiation of the Economic Forum between Nigeria and the UK, which was held in Abuja at the Presidential House.
President Muhammadu Buhari and the director of the government in London, Theresa May, signed an agreement during the conference on economic development between Nigeria and the United Kingdom in September 2018.
According to the Vice President, “there has been an increase in seeking to establish business in Nigeria between 2017 and 2018.
--- President Buhari mandates Attorney-General of Nigeria to intervene
President Muhammadu Buhari has commissioned the Chief Justice of the Republic and the Minister of Justice, Mr. Abubakar Malami, to take action in rescuing Zainab Aliyu, a student who has been victimized by criminal trafficking and is in exile in the Saudi Arabia government.
In a publication published in Abuja by Abdur-Rahman Balogun, assistant on the Report for Respectful Abikele Dabi, Chief Adviser to the President on Nigerian Affairs in a foreign land, said that the President executed the commission two weeks earlier when he was informed of the matter.
“President Muhammadu Buhari issued the decree shortly after he heard the event two weeks ago.
“My office is working with the Nigerian High Justice and the Ministry of Foreign Policy.”
The President’s Assistant assured us that the work is progressing in the case of Zainab, along with two others in the same position in Saudi Arabia.
According to Dabi-Erewa, while Zainub is in pretrial detention, the government of Saudi Arabia has not defended the courtroom’s appeal, and if he is strong enough to recognize the testimony of his victims, the Saudi authorities will be called to account for a severe trial.
The JAMB conducted tests in seven foreign countries.
The National Vaccine Examination Programme, the National Vaccine Examination Programme, and the National School for Teachers in Nigeria have conducted tests for citizens of this country and other countries seeking to advance their education in Nigeria.
The committee stated that it has arranged for all Nigerians abroad and other Nigerians who are interested in pursuing a balanced course of higher education in Nigeria to have the same privilege.
In Ghana, United Kingdom, Cameroon, Benin Republic, Cöte d’Ivoire, South Africa, and the Saudi Arabia.
This was revealed in a publication by the chairman of the organization, Dr. Fabian Benjamin.
“More than 200 UTME students have participated in the UTME exams held on Saturday, 27, April 4, 2019 in all of the previously mentioned locations.
The UTME has also confirmed that the results of the 2019 UTME test have not yet been released.
"He urged the people, especially the parents and the student, to be on guard against fraudulent behavior and to try to help them with their tests.
It also stated that “the corporation will announce the test’s results, when it comes out
"Some criminals have been arrested by law enforcement agencies, while others are still being searched
One U.S. commended Nigerian collaboration in the fight against malaria.
The U.S. government has expressed joy in cooperating and supporting Nigeria in fighting malaria.
The U.S. ambassador to Nigeria, W. Stuart Symington, stated this during a ceremony to mark the International Day of Malaria, entitled “To fight malaria from me”.
The representative of the Symington congratulated Nigerian health organizations on their efforts from health officials to mothers, pharmacists, drivers, journalists, educators to administrators and all who played a key role in the fight against malaria.
Symington "s representative said that as a global community, they have successfully coped with the fight against the disease.
--- President Buhari wants to encourage farmers
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that stimulating Nigerian farmers will be his first priority in the government.
The President stated that he has commissioned the Nigerian Agricultural and Economic Organization to remove problems and restrictions that have prevented the community from borrowing agricultural services, which he called “Wicked Religious Conduct”.
Breaking the cycle of smoking
President Buhari condemned the exploitation that affects agriculture and agriculture in Nigeria and promised that he will not tire out to continue fighting against this exploitation with all his power.
The President will continue to exert himself in the fields of security, economic development and the fight against corruption, and the new era will be marked by education and health.
The president said to the members of the group, “I know our situation, my obligation to God and my nation, and I will continue to do my best.”
The leadership of the team, Dr. Arabo Ibrahim Bawu, said they had come to Nigeria because of their interest in the development of the country and their faith in the administration of President Muhammadu Buhari.
The delegates promised their support to the President to do something unforgettable in Nigeria.
--- Nigeria calls for digital security
President Muhammadu Buhari has urged the world headquarters to take a closer look at the availability of modern technology and the availability of better security.
In his speech at the 2019 Economic Forum (AIM) in Dubai on Monday, President said there must be a policy to protect modern technology in the economy.
The theme of the conference was: ‘Seeking a bright future for the economy: Developing the global economy through the use of technology.
“The President of Nigeria is the only means to alleviate the pressures and problems associated with modern technology.
The President expressed his indignation in the use of the latest technology to promote democratic elections that violate human rights and lead to civil unrest.
President Buhari urged leaders of government and private companies to cooperate in resolving problems and problems that arise through the use of modern technology.
--- Indonesian earthquake: 19 people dead after years of terrorist attacks
The Indonesian National Emergency Security Group has been searching for people who have been injured in an earthquake that took the lives of 19 people on New Year’s Day after the same one year earlier committed mass murder.
At least 20 people were killed in the event, and 30 homes were killed in the city of Sukabumi.
According to the security team spokesman Sutopo Purwo Nugroho, “It’s very hard for emergency workers to rescue people during an emergency.”
Now the rains that rained on the day of the Ephesians hindered the safety of the refugees.
Earthquakes are a major disaster in Indonesia, killing 3,000 people in various areas during 2018.
--- Korea gives Nigerians $500
The United Nations Food Programme has donated $500 (U.S.) to alleviate the homelessness of more than 1,500 people in the states of Borno, Adamawa, and Yobe that have been left homeless by Boko Haram.
In-Tae Lee, a Korean ambassador for Nigeria, said the government is trying to find a way to help people who have been left homeless by Boko Haram.
He said the Korean government will cooperate with the Nigerian government in the fight against hunger and poverty.
Myrta Kaulard, a representative of the World Federation in Nigeria, commended the Nigerian Ministry of Agriculture and Agriculture.
--- Yugoslavia, Voice of Nigeria (VON) launched protests in Abuja
The Voice of Nigeria (Voice of Nigeria) in the Yoruba branch has begun the release from Abuja.
The director of the Yoruba branch in Abuja, Abuja, said that many programs have been set aside for international entertainment.
He added: "We are interested in the love of our listeners, so the Voice of Nigeria has launched a protests from Abuja.
Additionally, we have set up many programs for the welfare of our listeners, especially in Africa.
"Ewe, the engineering director of the Yoruba branch, also said that the opening of the broadcasts by the Yoruba branch from Abuja would also help to reestablish the volume of the Nigerian Voice from abroad.
He said that there is nothing better for people who hear us from the publisher "s house to be happy listening to them.
Among the workers who will participate in the program are Mrs. Adéronke Ossudiya, Great Shunothola, and Maryam Yusuf.
The Nigerian Voice will be heard from the Web site 31m 9690khz from 11: 30 a.m. until 11: 45 a.m., and in the evening from 19: 30 a.m. until 8: 30 a.m.
--- Vice President will participate at the Africa-Europe meeting in Austria
The Deputy President of Nigeria, Yemi Osinbajo, will meet with fellow Africans and Europe at a meeting in Viénna, Austria, on March 12, 18, and 16.
In a statement issued by the Vice President’s Office, he stated that Professor Oshinbajo will address the ‘Contemporary Communication’ theme at the meeting of the Austria government as host to the Council of Europe and the Council of Africa.
The international conference will promote the technological and technological development of EU and AU organizations “according to the measures of our future development, in order that all people may benefit from the technological changes of modern technology.”
The meeting will also examine "the contribution of the partnership between Europe and Africa to this goal, the progressive implementation of the Abidjan Summit in 2017, and other subjects, and the vital role that technology will play in the economic development of Europe and Africa.
He pursued the Relationship for Commercial Prevention and Service Provision.”
During his trip to Vienna, Professor Oshinbajo will hold a brother-in-law meeting with Nigerians who live in Austria; he will also hold a brother-in-law meeting with European leaders, including the Head of the State of the Czech Republic, Andrej Babis; Head of the State of Finland, H. E. Ju. Petri Sipilä; Emperor of Austria, the most prominent, Sebastian Kurz; and Minister of the white (UK) in the country.
Professor Oshinbajo will also hold meetings with the director of the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation.
The Vice President left Abuja on Sunday and will return to Nigeria on Tuesday.
--- President Buhari honors those who lost their lives during the Holocaust
President Muhammadu Buhari has visited the Auschwitz-Birkenau and Oświęcim concentration camps to honor the victims of wartime deaths.
After an hour and ten minutes of visiting the House of Representatives for those who lost their lives during World War II, President Buhari also signed a note to honor the heroes in his guest book using the title ‘Julius Caesar of Shakespeare:
The badness of men follows them; but the badness of goodness enters the bones. "
The president also set up a tomb in the “House of Death” of the Tower.
As stated on the death house: ‘From all camps, prisoners’ brothers and sisters... were sentenced to death after a punishment interview.”
"After the President left, he began commenting on the question posed by former journalists from the President’s House – that the Nigerian troublemakers’ were uneducated and ignorant.
"The president went for a four-day trip to Poland, where he joined the UN World Health Organization Summit in Katowice, preparing his country at the 12-day COP24 meeting with international leaders who visited the national exhibition in the Summit.
The next day he arrived in Poland, the president spoke to Nigerians in Poland.
--- Nigeria sympathizes with United States over the death of George Bush
President Muhammadu Buhari has joined international leaders to sympathize with the United States over the death of George H. Bush, who served the city and the people.
President Buhari sent this petition to the United States, his friend and family, the 41st President of the country, to whom all people are praising for his influence in the world.
The President added that the death of George H. Bush will bring happiness not only to the United States but also to society and people who have had a positive influence in their lives.
The president then praised the deceased person for his good role in the lives of his children, helping them to play a vital role in world leadership.
The president prayed to God to hurt the nation, the deceased "family, friendship, and rest for his life.
--- Nigeria will soon publish customs records
The Nigerian Ministry of Culture and Culture has announced that it will soon be released to demonstrate all Nigerian customs to promote the culture and culture of the country.
Nigeria’s Minister of Enlightenment and Culture, Lai Mohammed, stated this in Istanbul, Turkey, at the UNWTO/UNESCO World Conference on Tourism and Culture (UNESCO World Conference on Tourism and Culture).
The Minister stated that there are over 300 customs throughout the country - that is, one day "s custom - that will contribute to the development of the country" s economy and economy.
Alhaji Mohammed "s culture has been established in Nigeria in languages and cultures, as well as in I Durbar, New Year, New Year, New Year, New Year, New Year, New Year, New Year, New Year, New Year.
He noted that all Nigerian governments are doing their best in their area to promote customs, while the Federal Government is organizing relief efforts to provide residential areas to improve the culture of the country.
The Minister continued that the celebration in Abuja is an important factor in promoting the culture in which all 36 states and Abuja participate.
He said that the celebration was not just for sports but also for providing employment and economic development in Nigeria.
Over 30 ministers were present at this international festival, which was to be held in three days.
---WANEP, AU trains security during elections
According to the 2019 election program, the West Africa Network for Peace building and the African Union and Ecowas have trained more than 80 persons, especially private, nongovernmental organizations to train them to protect themselves from impending disasters during elections.
The team said that the participants were from 36 states in Nigeria and Abuja.
The party said it made this training for the people who would participate in the administration of the elections, especially in rural and regional areas of the country.
WANEP continues that many people are enslaved by elections, especially by the instability of security, the abuse of politicians, and the insults of wolves.
The chairman of the Chukwuemeka Eze group was also coordinated by the three groups to coordinate this training in an effort to counteract the disastrous results of elections.
Eze also stated that “WANEP, ECOWAS/AU said they are going to set up a number of special campaigns on globalization, which will continue to collapse and intensify the elections.
Additionally, the party will set up a special campaign to help sides in the fight against the threats of elections, such as the Electoral Electoral Organization, the police department, the Islamic religious (Christian) movement, and the peace-loving organization.
President Buhari said he is not a cow.
President Muhammadu Buhari has spoke for the first time in an effort to counteract the rumor that he is a nonhuman copy.
He challenged this situation on Sunday in Poland while speaking to Nigerians in Poland.
Poland, a Nigerian, wanted to know whether the President was a man or a copy to confirm the truths they were speaking, which took place at the hall in Kraków on Sunday.
President Buhari said that many people want him to die while you are sick.
He described those speaking as "Unclean and unreligious.
“Many people wanted me to die while I was sick,” he said.
Soon I will celebrate my 76th birthday.
"This meeting has also given authorities to discuss with Nigerians living in Poland, the first of which the President will be present at the COP24 of Climate Change (UNFCCC), which will be held from the next day to the fourth of this month.
The President expressed his appreciation for the Polish ambassador Eric Adagogo Bell-Gam’s report on Nigerians living in the city.
With regard to economic matters, the president said he has suspended the importation of seafaring food, especially rice, to Nigeria.
“I try not to manipulate the country’s currency, going out when necessary.”
I was not happy to see children asking for money and food on the street.
--- Taliban killed 22 Afghanistan police officers
At least 22 police officers were killed in the Taliban rebellion assault on Afghanistan police station in Farah on Sunday.
A spokesman for Afghanistan’s police station, Mohebullah Moheb, was the victim of the attack but had explained the situation in detail.
Taliban spokesman Qari Yousuf Ahmadi said that 35 officers with whom you knew the chief officers of the police were killed and four police vehicles burned.
According to a spokesman at the hospital where the victims were victims of the attack, 22 persons were taken to the hospital from the area where the attack took place.
The meetings were repeatedly taking place, so that the U.S. journalist in Afghanistan had called for peace discussions with the Taliban rebellion.
--- President Buhari honors efforts to prevent epidemics
President Muhammadu Buhari has blessed Nigerians with six victories in the fight against the pandemic.
The president of the Rotary International group, Barry Rassin, who was present for a four-day trip to Nigeria, awarded President Buhari at the Presidential House in Nigeria on Tuesday.
The Rotary international organization has given leaders of countries and companies skillful efforts to prevent infectious diseases in their country.
The final winner was Justin Trudeau, Canada’s Prime Minister.
Among the people who have also won the award are Japan’s Prime Minister Shinzo Abe, Germany’s Prime Minister Angela Merkel, and former World Federation Secretary-General Ban Ki-Moon.
When the president accepted the award, he thanked the Rotary Internàtional for the award.
The Rotary International is my generation, and in fact, your work has to do with people; there is no amount to pay for the hard work you are accomplishing, and we thank you very much.
“I am grateful for your vital role in society, be strong to those who are weak, and I pray that God will repay you for your human affairs.
“I’m glad that I have a professional Minister of Health, who is overseeing the work,” he said.
Mr. Rassin congratulated President Buhari on the strenuous efforts he has made in the fight against Alzheimer’s disease in Nigeria.
He also appealed to the President to increase the political and social stability of the country so that all levels of rape and domestic health would be destroyed.
---Trump will appoint a former military commander to Saudi Arabia
The U.S. President Donald Trump has appointed the retired General of the U.S. Army to Saudi Arabia, just as Washington faces the death of Saudi secretary-general Jamal Khashoggi who died at the Saudi Embassy in Istanbul.
The President’s Office made it known that President Trump had appointed the former general, John Abizaid, to lead the U.S. army during the war with Iraq.
It is now hoped that the U.S. Senate will hold a meeting to sign the new constitution.
In addition to Khashoggi’s death, Washington accused U.S. lawmakers of supporting the Saudi Army in Yemen’s war.
The United States has not represented Saudi Arabia since President Trump’s enthronement in 2017.
President Trump’s security counselor John Bolton said on a victory day that he did not think that the records of Khashoggi’s death of the Turks were being distributed by Saudi ruler Mohammed bin Salman.
Nigeria requires severe punishment for its tax collectors.
The President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari in Paris on Sunday, called for a severe punishment for money fraud, including the mass destruction of their archives.
He warned that discrimination would intensify the economic decline that would affect both the common people and the community.
During a meeting in Paris, the President of Nigeria had adjusted his laws and regulations to fight corruption and to collect and impose funds that corrupt people had deposited in other countries.
The President’s talk on “District inequality: The Challenge of World Government” was presented by 70 international and governmental leaders.
“We must fight corruption in every way.
“I have spoken with lawmakers, bankers, government officials, and others to support the government in the fight against corruption,” he said.
“There is experience in Nigeria that corruption by socializing causes people to profit where they are innocent and imprisonment is not enough to make these corrupt people repent
"The Nigerian Governor urged international leaders to adhere to the high standards adopted at the 2016 London Summit on the fight against corruption.
The President has been praised by the African states for his efforts to strengthen corruption in Nigeria, which has strengthened the peace of their African nations.
President Buhari said his government’s provision to gossip people who steal money has produced good results by recovering billions of dollars from corrupt people who have gone to provide infrastructure and infrastructure for the benefit of Nigerians as well as the Goals for Growth.
The Cornwall Brother and Sister arrived in Nigeria.
The Welsh princess and princess of Britain, Charles and Cornwall, Camilla, had arrived in Abuja.
His journey to Africa included traveling to Nigeria.
These princes will be involved in organizational activities in the cities of Abuja and Lagos.
They would talk to the young people of the country and to the princes, merchants, peasants, artists, traders, and private factories.
Among the subjects that the two countries will discuss are further growth in their partnership, trade, education for women and maidservants, and more.
This will be the third visit of the Welsh Emperor to Nigeria, the first visit to Nigeria in 1990, 1999, and 2006, but this was the first visit of the Cornwall Adviser-woman to Nigeria.
--- Nigeria promises to promote democracy
The Nigerian Government has said it will be expected to contribute more fully to the development of infrastructure throughout the country.
President Muhammadu Buhari stated this on Monday in his last address at the President’s House in Abuja during the opening ceremony for Britain’s representative, Paul Arkwright, who is returning to his hometown.
He stated: “The goal is to improve the quality of transportation; the road, the railway, the electricity, and other things.
I wish we had done all of this when we had money
He noted that the country "s income from 1999 to 2014 was registered but that the funds were not used effectively as a means of transportation.
President Buhari praised British ambassador for his remarkable performance during the time he served as a national ambassador.
“I see you in all the states of this country,” he said.
"Arkwright, who has been in Nigeria for three years, also said that he has moved to 30 states in 36 states and that the citizens of this country are sincere and hospitable and promises that Britain will continue to extend hospitality to the country.
He thanked President Buhari for his support, saying that the relationship between Britain and Nigeria has improved in three years.
--- Nigerian miners will benefit five billion dollars
The Federal Government has placed the name of the Nigerian Mining Group among those who will receive the five-billion privilege of helping hand-to-hand workers and small throughout the country.
The governing body stated that the federal government promised to place it among those who would benefit the five billion.
The President of the Alliance, Alhaji Sani Shehu, stated this in Abuja that this initiative was initiated by the Nigeria mines and mines management.
He said that putting the group into their decision would contribute to further development in the country’s mining sector.
The Nigeria mining industry has initially expressed concern over the pressures facing its company to obtain money from the bank responsible for the development of work, which has the right to contribute to the development of their work.
The development of the facilities is part of the federal resolution to help small corporations, which will contribute to the economic growth of the country.
This step is also part of the government’s decision to eliminate the problems facing handicrafts and mining.
He said that the corporation had seen obstacles that prevented the miners from reaching out for the benefit of the money.
He also stated that “the government has given us the opportunity to participate in the donation and has promised that our associates will benefit from the donation.
He stated that “we are pleased with this, and the mining and iron management agency, the corporate and corporate banking agency, will cooperate in making decisions on how the members of the corporation will benefit from the institution.”
Shehu also said that they had taken decisive steps to obtain the proceeds and that the organization would be responsible for borrowing the money.
--- NIBUCAA: United Nations will support Nigeria in fighting drug-resistance
According to the World Health Organization (WHO), HIV / AIDS is a health policy, and the World Health Organization (WHO) is prepared to establish programs to support Nigeria to stop the spread of HIV / AIDS in the country.
A representative of the World Health Organization (WHO) at the National Health Organization (NIBUCAA) in Abuja stated this on Thursday.
Musa Shuabu, chairman of the NiBUCAA, also stated that the decision to let Nigerian private companies cooperate with the federal government in fighting HIV / AIDS began in the 19th century during the reign of President-Designate Obazanjou.
Musa Shuabu said that "the resolution has been fulfilled, and our desire to establish a agency in Nigeria will fight the spread of drug-resistant diseases.
The NIBUCAA bacterium, which was formed in the 19th century, has become a major figure in the world.
Musa Shuabu thanked all the companies and organizations for supporting the fight against the spread of drug-resistant diseases in Nigeria in the late 19th century, despite the challenges facing the organization.
He also urged them not to tire out in supporting the NIBUCAA because there is more work to be done.
The director of NIBUCAA, Gbongana Alabi, also notes that the cooperation of private agencies with the government in the fight against drug-resistant diseases is important because of its uncertainties.
We now have 37 members and still have the opportunity to join in the fight against the spread of the drug-resistant disease in Nigeria.
Mr. Gbongana Aabi added that the NIBUCAA is also working with Nigerian Nacaea in the fight against drug-resistant diseases, and much has been accomplished by this cooperation.
He urged private companies not to tire out on their efforts to strengthen the fight against the disease in Nigeria
He added that NiBUCAA has accomplished much in preventing the spread of drug-resistant diseases in Nigeria.
“NIBUCAA’s relief committee, NIBUCAA, has done much to protect Nigeria from drug-resistant diseases.
NIBUCAA has helped these states.
The states include: Abia, Anambra, Akwa-Ibom, Cross River, Edo, FCT, Kaduna, Katsina, Kiti, Imo, Enugu, Katsina, Plateau, and Oyo State.
After a discussion were made by the following agencies, government agencies, and those involved:
--- Nigeria promises to provide assistance for São Tome and Principe
Nigeria has promised to provide special relief efforts to São Tome and Principe during the election of the Senate, which will be held on June 7.
Nigeria’s Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, stated this during a conversation with journalists to celebrate a retirement celebration for Mr. Babajide Bamboye, the secretary-general of the Foreign Affairs Organization.
Mr. Iheama said he has represented the President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari in São Tome and Principe as to how to provide the nation with special relief efforts.
Mr. Iheama explains that “I was assigned to São Tome and Principe by means of special relief efforts.
He added that “President has faith in providing relief aid to the nations associated with Nigeria, and this is why President has provided relief aid to the nations.”
"The minister then commended the former secretary-general, Bamboye, for your labor in the field.
“He is a valiant man, wanting to do his work with all his heart, has all the good human traits, is faithful at work, and I love him.
He said: “I like this type of person to work with, and if he doesn’t want anything, he will explain and give me advice, why he doesn’t want it, so we love one another.
"Then she said that she was happy to be the secretary-general of the corporation and that all her decisions had been fulfilled by the traveler during the time she was in the office.
“I’m going to come with a “short victory,” and within a year all my decisions have been made, so I’m going to be a successful Secretary.
“I have done what I need to do, not as a depressed person.
“I’m glad that I’ve faced the challenges and that I’ve failed.”
In his words “the important thing is that the work is progressing, I have done it, the others will do it, and if you do yours, the work will go on.
"I am encouraging you who are behind me, to ignore all the rules I have set out.
“With cooperation, we can successfully meet the challenges facing our company.
The visiting secretary-general urged the staff not to tire out on their efforts and set a good example.
The Chairman of the House of Representatives is retired after 35 years of public service in the corporation.
--- ECOWAS nations promise to enter trade with China
President Muhammadu Buhari has announced that the ECOWAS will continue to operate with China as a result of peaceful relations with Asian countries.
He spoke this on Monday, as the Chairman of the ECOWAS at a meeting held between Chinese and African leaders in China.
The Chinese President Xi Jinping has explained to President Muhammadu Buhari the importance of his dealings with Africa.
He stated: “The ECOWAS will continue to be a source of encouragement to those who start foreign trade.
Thus, members of the ECOWAS want China to give them the opportunity to buy or sell goods to China.
"A new policy, according to President Xi Jinping, says that the ECOWAS will soon introduce a policy that will allow the ECOWAS to look for a new economy and trade with China.
“ECOWAS is planning policies that will contribute to economic growth.
The ECOWAS group also wanted Chinese tourists to come to Africa.
Our doors had plenty of toilets.
With the help of China, the natural resources will be further expanded to provide more work and to make poverty the ultimate cause of the curse.
The Chairman of the Council of Europe, ECOWAS, expressed his appreciation to China for the economic situation in Africa.
“From the government, Nigerians, ECOWAS Authorities and Governments, I want to express my appreciation to the government and the People’s Republic of China for the hospitality we received when we arrived in China.
“China today is the highest housing province in Africa with private and government agencies and participation; infrastructure, electricity, agriculture, natural resources, climate change, and health.
“China is also providing relief services for the needy.
There are many special projects being undertaken and such special projects as rail, electricity, airplanes, and the vast majority of Chinese routes are being carried out by Chinese citizens.
President Muhammadu Buhari also reminded China of the construction of a new ECOWAS corporation, promising that members of the ECOWAS will continue to promote the development of foreign enterprises in their province.
He said: “Of course, we are grateful for the meeting between China and ECOWAS and President Xi Jinping for his promise to build a new ECOWAS facility for the organization.
Jordan criticized what might happen if the United States put an end to Palestine "s aid.
Jordan, the Minister of Foreign Affairs, warned that it would be dangerous for the United States to end this relief effort because the Palestine UNRWA has now no power to provide what is needed.
Now more than two million alien residents are gathered from the center of the sun, which will emerge as soon as the United States is displaced.
Ayman Safadi, a Minister of Foreign Affairs, was saddened that Washington canceled the Palestine relief fund of the United Nations (UNRWA).
The Minister stated that the government would continue to work at clearing relief efforts to eliminate the current financial problems faced by the agency.
--- Isreal Katz, U.S. Secretary-General of State in charge of UNRWA relief efforts – adding to the problem of the 20th-century Palestine
THE UNRWA, which has been operating since 1950 and which has provided relief aid, may have had some 20 million Palestines.
Nigeria, Germany, and the UN will hold a meeting on Boko Haram.
Nigeria, Germany, Norway, and the United Nations have met in Berlin on Monday to “make up a meeting on terrorist attacks.”
From the third to the fourth day, the Berlin conference will be sponsored by three countries and the United Nations, the largest meeting in 2018 for Lake Chad.
The meeting will focus on providing more than $56 million for mourning provinces and providing security.
The meeting will also provide assistance to the northeastern provinces of Nigeria as well as to parts of Niger, Chad, and Cameroon, which have been affected by the Boko Haram.
At the meeting, they will also consider ideas, counsel, and assistance from non-governmental companies and how they will cooperate with the affected countries and the relief agencies for these countries.
Professor Tijjani Bándé, a representative of Nigeria at the UN, represented Nigeria at the Berlin convention.
The Nigerian ambassador in Nigeria has arranged for a budget worth more than $7 billion (U.S.) to repair the damaged provinces of Haram.
He stressed the importance of cooperation and cooperation between the countries in the Chad lake and those who will provide relief aid.
Lake Chad must be able to provide conveniences, employment, and construction so as to alleviate the distressing conditions in the provinces.
To success in these developments, such international organizations as the World Bank, the African Bank, and other companies are prepared to provide assistance to the countries if they cooperate in dealing with the problems facing them.
The UN has announced that it will provide a solar system for the more than six million people in Nigeria who have been hit by Boko Haram in the northeastern part of Nigeria by the end of 2018.
Edward Kallon, a UN representative from the Nigeria Relief Department, spoke at a meeting in New York that Nigeria faces many challenges.
Over ten million people in three northeastern states of Nigeria are in need of relief aid.
August 30, 2018 --- Lagos Governor welcomes Britain’s Prime Minister
The Lagos State Governor, Akinwomi Ambode welcomed the Prime Minister of Britain, Theresa May, and told him that Lagos State is a commercial center.
The Governor expressed his delight in welcoming the Prime Minister of Britain as a guest, stating that Nigerian-British partnership has been a long history.
He said that the education, culture, and politics of Nigerians, which had been trained in Britain, were on the rise.
The ideal place to start a business, Ambode adds, Lagos has allowed merchants to start their, especially with a steadfast administration, the size of the Lagos economy, the population of the city, the respect for the law and the stability of justice.
He said “we discussed with the prime minister of Britain, especially how Britain’s merchants will improve the economy in Lagos.
As you know, Lagos is the largest commercial center in Nigeria.
In Lagos, a large number of Britain "s citizens owned goods.
The Governor said that May’s visit to Lagos would also contribute to economic and security growth.
He said that citizens of Britain had the privilege of participating in the numerous markets in Lagos, including power, technology, finance, infrastructure, and industry.
The city of Lagos has taken a number of precautions in order to produce goods and.
The prime minister of Britain is pleased with a great deal of judicial work to be done.
He is ready to support us financially and financially.
The Chairman of the Governing Body said that the government would try to strengthen Lagos and Britain’s dealings.
He said that ‘technology, infrastructure, and industrial development have been discussed.
The reconciliation between Lagos and Britain began over the centuries.
As you know, Lagos was the capital of the colonial regime, so we need to make sure that there must be a large number of Britain "s in Lagos.
The prime minister of Britain has traveled around Lagos, and he is ready to reestablish cooperation with us in order to reestablish Britain "s trade.
"The director of Britain" s government expressed his joy in speaking to newsmen at the barley field in Lagos, saying that he was delighted to visit Nigeria as well as Lagos to see industry succeed.
“I’m very happy to visit Nigeria, especially Lagos, with a good relationship with Britain, and we have many important things to do in the future,” he said.
I the cities of Abuja and Lagos, and I the prosperity of the economy.
“We want to strengthen the economy of Nigeria and Uk, to establish more and more work in Nigeria, and Britain’s work will be useful to Nigeria.
I am grateful to the Lagos State Governor.
He said Lagos had done much to encourage the business in the state.
Sister May said that they had organized an estimated 500 million pounds of funds to benefit Lagos.
The prime minister of Britain also stated that he was with his technological representatives, to which Lagos could benefit.
He also stated that Britain is ready to help Lagos in the marketplace and that Nigeria is the country in which the product of her tracts has been produced.
Among those who came to meet the Prime Minister of Britain when he arrived at the airport at 4: 30 p.m., were Governor and Deputy Governor, Dr. Oluranti Adebule, State Secretary, Tiny Bello, and Special Assistant and Foreign Director, Professor Ademola Abass.
--- President Buhari holds a secret meeting with Prime Minister of Britain
Nigeria’s President Muhammadu Buhari and Britain’s Prime Minister Theresa May held a secret meeting in the Presidential House in Abuja.
The meeting began in the office of the President, as soon as May arrived in the President’s house at 12: 00 p.m.
President Buhari and the Chairman of the Federal Executive Council met in May.
The meeting will focus on the level of stability between Nigeria and Britain.
Both countries will also sign a certificate (cooperation) on security and development.
Nigeria is one of May "s countries in Africa.
--- Turkey clutches refugees for attack on U.S. ambassador
The police department in Turkey has also arrested two other suspects for alleging that they were involved in the attack on the United States embassy on Tuesday in the capital city of Ankara.
According to news reports, the attack was said to have been the target of the NATO rebellion.
So now the total of the impaled in pretrial detention is four with the two newly joined ones.
According to the police department, two of the refugees drank headaches during the attack.
On the other hand, reports confirm that no one was injured in the attack.
--- Two people are killed at a video game in Florida
A player in a video games in Jacksonville, Florida, U.S.A., committed suicide after shooting at two people who were killed immediately.
According to the police department, the victim was named David Katz, a 24-year-old from Baltimore.
Additionally, 11 other people were injured at the Jacksonville Stadium on Sunday.
According to eyewitnesses, Katz was upset over his failure to win the American football e Sports event, which led to his wrong desire.
The names of victims of the attack have not yet been announced until their relatives were contacted, as others may be laughing at the esport camp.
Several attacks have occurred in Florida over the past few years, including the attacks at the Orlando nightclub in 2016 (Pulse nightclub), the death toll of 49 people, and the death toll of 17 people at Marjory Stoneman Douglas in Parkland in May 2.
--- Iran promises to support reforms in Syria
Iran has resolved to fulfill his promise to support the reform of Syria by providing infrastructure, stability, and military support.
Iran’s Minister of Security, Amir Hatami, delivered the report to newsmen during a meeting with President of Syria Bashar al-Assad and Minister of Security, Ali Abdullah Ayyoub.
The two nations agreed to cooperate in rebuilding Syria and not to allow other nations to participate in the rebuilding.
Hatami says, “Syria is on the crucial side of the country’s past and is in the process of reform,” According to the World Economic and Environment Organization (WHO), it is confirmed that Syria has lost $38 billion (U.S.).
Last month, President Assad explained that he focused heavily on repairing Syria, after 20 Iranites lost their lives and others lost their homes and possessions in a series of natural disasters.
--- Seattle-Tacoma crashes in an airplane
An airline worker who stole a balcony from Seattle’s airport in the United States has been trapped in an Irecus.
The authorities said they had to leave the airport on Tuesday, allowing the Seattle-Tacoma airport to be closed.
Two F15 fighters were assigned to follow and search the balcony before hearing the noise.
The district police chief Pearl Pasor said it was not accused of kidnapping him as a 21-year-old plane.
An eyewitness depicted the man being pressured to stay calm before the plane collapsed.
The Seattle Times described the man as a careless man who had placed a lot of paintings on the airplane while flying with an Alaska Airlines Q400.
Leah Morse, who made a picture of the plane sinking down, noticed that the plane was sinking in the air before sinking down near her home with noise.
--- Nigerian Government will take Russian airline passengers to court
The Federal Government of Nigeria has decided to take passengers to Russia who have failed to transfer crowns to Nigeria, allowing the people to become wanderers after the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia.
The Nigerian ambassador to Russia, Dr. Steve Ugba, said this on a video that he sent to the spokesman for the Foreign Ministry, Tope Elias-Fatile on Sunday in Abuja.
Ugba told Nigerians in Moscow, Russia, about the position of the government before moving to Nigeria.
Over 150 Nigerian football fans who had been displaced by airplanes returned to Nigeria on June 12, the group went to the Nigerian Football Federation in Moscow to appeal to the organization’s assistance after the “finals of this year.”
On 16th, the President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari, ordered the Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, and his associate, Hadi Sirika, to bring all Nigerians back to Abuja as soon as possible.
Earlier, on the 20th of the seventh month, the headquarters of Ethiopia had brought 115 people to Abuja.
The people did not express their joy to the President of Nigeria, Muhammadu Buhari, to see the people come home.
Ugba, who said the government would not let the criminals go in peace, urged Nigerian sports fans to send their records to their companies in order to get the criminals arrested.
“Give us your personal documents of people who have defrauded or dragged you money so that they can be treated fairly in Nigeria.
We do not let them go without suffering.
So give us your own document.
He also stated that “we are awaiting them in Nigeria, and like you, you are showing respect and respect for each other and your country.
“It’s not a crime to come to Russia, it’s a crime to return home.
“It is a crime, to the one to whom you sold your passport, but he has failed to bring you home, after he has received money to bring you back, so it is not your fault.
He adds: “We will find that those who have committed this kind of behavior are subjected to legal punishment, so that the next day they will not.
‘Ugba said Nigeria commended the fans for moving to Russia to serve the Super Eagles in Russia.
He said this attitude made Nigeria a special friendship with Russia.
--- President Trump will repair his plane
U.S. President Donald Trump has said he will repair the aircraft of the president’s office by crashing it red, white, and blue.
Mr. Trump said that "it would be good for the new Boeing ballet to be a mixture of red, white, and brown.
John F Kennedy and his wife, former U.S. President, were arrested in 1960.
The new edition will be completed in 2021.
Trump made this statement in Scotland on the weekend that the ball will also be useful to the “presidents in the future” “because it will last for many years.
“We will have many presidents, who will take advantage of this privilege,” said Trump.
Repairing the ballast will be much better and the best in the world. "
The U.S. Air Force had two missiles.
In 1959, President Dwight D Eisẹnhowe used the first red and gold barley, but in the days of President Kennedy, the barley also used red and white, and down to this day.
Opposers on his twitter site said that Russia, China, and France also had red, white, and brown paint, so Trump had to give it up as it did.
The U.S. news agency reports that President Trump is planning to repair the barracks.
President Trump wanted the model to be "just like the U.S. but not like Jackie Kennedy’’, as Raymond Loewy described it as a boat.
The plane lasted 30 years, first with George H W Bush.
When President Trump won the victory as president of the United States, he spoke on his twitter application that to buy the president "s calendar, he would beat them for $4 billion.
--- President Buhari arrives in Hague for international convention ICC
On Sunday evening, President Muhammadu Buhari arrived in the Netherlands before traveling to the International Criminal Court, ICC, in Hague.
President Baal landed in Rotterdam at Hague at 7: 23 p.m.
The president of the ICC, judge Chile Eboe-Osuji, and vice-secretary of the court, Marc Perrin de Brichambut and Minister of Foreign Affairs, Geoffrey Onyeama, were reunited with the President at the airport.
Also in attendance were Oji Ngofa, representative of Nigeria for the Netherlands, Robert Petri, representative of the Netherlands for Nigeria, General Veenhuijzen, assistant king of the Netherlands, and director-general of the Netherlands Foreign Affairs.
Vice President of Media and Publicity, Femi Adesina said the President would take advantage of the opportunity to speak again at the 20th anniversary of the international criminal case in Rome.
The president will also take advantage of the opportunity to meet Fatou Bensouda, who is also an ICC lawyer.
“He is the only President to be invited to celebrate the 20th anniversary and that the management of the Nigerian corporation sees this call as a way of expressing appreciation for the support of the Nigerian Federation.
Before President’s arrival in Hague, the Nigerian ambassador spoke to newsmen that despite opposition to the International Criminal Court, President Buhari believed that the work of the International Criminal Court would eliminate crime in the world.
‘Over the last two decades, Nigeria has been the world’s most important international center in Africa’s history.
Therefore, the presidential visit to the international court is an expression of loving support.
The delegation stated that “there is a guarantee that the President’s trip will also signal Nigeria’s support of Rome’s decision.
--- President Buhari laments Longjan’s death
President Muhammadu Buhari has lamented the death of the South Plateau Senator Ignatius Longjan.
The President expressed his sympathy to the family, friends, and supporters of the Deputy Governor of the Republic of Nigeria in 2011-15, who was also a representative of Nigeria for many years.
Then the president prayed for God to release the deceased.
--- Police will continue to fight crime
The Nigerian police department has announced that the fight against crime will continue.
The head of the Nigerian police department, Mohammed Adamu, said this during a visit to valiant police officers who were injured while fighting against criminals in the Kuduru forest of the province of Birnin Gwari, Kaduna.
The secretary-general of the police department, Mr. Abdulmajid Ali, representing the director of the state police department, was invited by the director of the police department to visit the hard-hearted policemen who were injured at the crash.
“Doctors are taking care of the injured patients, so there is no fear of treatment,” he said.
He assured the victims that they would be treated properly.
The Deputy Chief of Police said it was unfortunate that two policemen, Muhammad Abubakar and Sergeant Idris, were killed.
--- The World Health Organization (WHO) has urged Nigeria to take full control of Nigerian gates and transport centers by fighting coronavirus, especially in nine states
WHO secretary-general Dhamari Naidoo said this during a interview with newsmen in Abuja.
He further stated that the coronavirus threats in this country include: Abuja, Lagos, Kano, Cross River, Akwa Ibom, Port Harcourt, Enugu, Delta, and Bayelsa.
He also that WHO had organized operating aid in the hospitals at Gaduwa in Abuja and LUTH in Lagos.
According to Naidoo, 13 countries are at risk of coronavirus because of the proliferation of migrations in Algeria, Angola, Cote d’Ivoire, Democratic Republic of Congo, Ethiopia, Ghana, Kenya, Mauritius, Nigeria, South Africa, Tanzania, Uganda, and Zambia.
Charity Warigon, head of the WHO news department, urged journalists to investigate their report before it was released, especially about the coronavirus, as people rely on it.
--- Germany is ready to cooperate with Nigeria
During her visit to Nigeria, Empress Annette Widmann-Mauz, the State Minister of Germany and the Commissioner for Refugee, Alienation, and Social Affairs, stated this.
The State Minister of State for Germany said “Nigeria plays an important role in the alienation of its citizens in Germany, so we want to work together with them, and I am enthusiastic to see.
The queen also explained that they would take immediate action to resolve the root causes of the flight of the people from their country.
He went on to say that “to act in behalf of the fledgling community, we need a good partner, so we have Nigeria as our partner.”
In the meantime, Nigerian Senator Basheer Garba Mohammed stated that Nigerian headquarters is coordinating the migration system.
The Senate is holding secret meetings with the head of the Nigerian police.
The Nigerian Parliament has been at a secret meeting with the Chief of Police, Mohammed Adamu to address the threat of security in the country.
--- The President’s Office has decided that the Christian Association of Nigeria (CAN) has upheld the right of all Nigerians to protest their views on religion, ethics, and society
President Buhari’s assistant on news and publicity, Mr. Garba Shehu said that the president expressed sympathy for the believers and expressed sadness for the Boko Haram murder of pastor Lawan Andimi.
--- U.S. government has praised President Buhari for his efforts in fighting corruption in Nigeria
In a statement rejected by Morgan Ortagus, a spokesman for the U.S. National Institute of Public Information, after the U.S. government, Bailiwick of Jersey, and the Nigerian Government signed an agreement to restore 308 million dollars from Sani Abacha’s deceased citizen to the United States to Nigeria, the United States promised to support Nigerians more fully.
President’s assistant on news and announcement, Mr. Garba Shehu, made this statement on Tuesday night in a publication.
--- President Muhammadu Buhari regrets the death of Kenya’s former president, Arap Moi
President Muhammadu Buhari has described Kenya’s former president, Daniel Arap Moi, as a good foreigner, putting the best for the development of his country.
Manoah is one of the main contributors to the development of the eastern province of Africa.
The President expressed sympathy with Kenya’s President Muhammadu Kenyatta, the government and the people of Kenya over the death of the deceased President Buhari: “From a poor family (teacher), the deceased Arap Moi became a politician before he became the president of the country.
The president prayed that the deceased be favorably disposed.
--- The Minister declares the release of the Nigerian language, one of the most freed.
The Nigerian Government has acknowledged that it is the country with the highest freedom of speech in the world.
The government says that while Nigeria has given citizens freedom of speech, many of them do not know your right to speak.
Nigeria’s Minister of Information and Culture, Lai Mohammed, said this on Monday when he welcomed the representative of Finland, Jyrki Pulkkinen, and the director of the Finnish Ministry of Freedom of Speech, Jarmo Sareva, to his office for the declaration of freedom of speech.
The Minister also stated that the administration of the media would hold meetings with these interested ones to evaluate the use of digital rights so as not to undermine freedom of speech and human rights.
He stated that the Nigerian government is not pleased to use the latest technology to spread bloody reports and potentially harmful statements to cause misunderstandings.
--- APC Governor will send legislative reforms to the parliament
Governors of the APC, under the direction of the Progressive Governors Forum, PGF, are reviewing legislation to reform legislation to ensure stability and good government in all Nigerian states, which will be passed to the Senate.
Philip Shuaibu, a representative governor of Edo State, Edo Godwin Obaseki, stated this during a conversation with newsmen in Abuja, following the PGF meeting.
He added that the committee would review the document rejected by Governor of Kaduna Nasir El-Rufai during the presiding of the legislative committee.
Mr. Shuaibu also stated that the committee is working closely with all the governors of the APC, the parliament, and the party to establish programs and regulations that will contribute to the welfare of the entire state of Nigeria.
The Senate member, Yahaya Abdullahi, who attended the meeting, said that the Senate would review El-Rufai’s document, which will be approved by the Senate in particular regarding the welfare and good government in Nigeria.
--- Anthony Joshua discusses training before Jarrell Miller
Today, British sinner Anthony Joshua is holding a meeting in the gym before dealing with New Yorkite sinner Jarrell Miller in the victory for the World Cup.
Anthony Joshua, however, remained strong after long training for the competition.
News reports confirm that Joshua was awaiting the match between him and Miller in Madison Square, on June 6.
Additionally, Eddie Hearn held a meeting with Dillian Whyte on the question of whether their defeat would be repeated.
--- Martial postpones Manchester United
French footballer Anthony Martial has signed a five-year contract to postpone Manchester United in 2024.
At the same time, there were a number of rumors about the possibility of leaving Manchester United.
Martial has now scored ten balls in this season and has played a part in the 25 games in this season.
Many of the players commended Manchester United coach Ole Gunnar Solskjaer for the hard work he had done and for the role he played since he replaced former coach Jose Mourinho.
According to Martial, I am very grateful to Ole and the other coaches for their faith in me, for they helped greatly to improve my performance.
“We know Manchester United as a team with a strong desire to win the cup, and I am sure we will soon win the cup again.
"Anthony Martial joined Manchester United in 2015 from Monaco football team with 36 million pounds ($47m), and since then she has seen herself as one of the best youth players.
The coach, Solskjaer, expressed disappointment after Martial signed the contract again.
Anthony is one of the best youth players for the team, and he is a player whom any coach would like to have in his team because it "s easy to work with."
--- Sarri-I don "t stop Hazard from going
Chelsea coach Maurizio Sarri has told Eden Hazard that he has not stopped him if he decides to leave.
Sarri said that he wanted Hazard to remain in Chelsea but that he would not stop him if he wanted to leave the club.
We will remember that Real Madrid is expecting Hazard to join the team in Spain.
Hazard expresses his desire to join Real Madrid if the team is ready to buy him.
Now Chelsea wants Hazard to sign a new agreement before the agreement ends next year.
Hazard joined Chelsea in 2012 and has scored ten goals for Chelsea in the Premier league season.
--- Dream Stars exhibits new coach
The Dream Stars team of Lagos State has shown Felix Nwosu’s new coach ahead of the 2018/2019 Women’s League.
The coach of the state of Anambra, who has gradually received the promotion, is now a well-known coach.
Felix Nwosu is the best coach with FC Talanta in Kenya, Heegan FC in Somali, FIN FA in Enugu, FIN Angels, Ambassador Child Youth Club / Angels in Enugu.
In the victory, it was the defeat of Arsenal/WorldRemit as one of the best youth coaches throughout the African country, one of the 25 coaches of the more than 700 coaches combined
The Chairman of the Dream Stars Ladies, Mr. AbdulRahmon Aboyogi said; “The team turned to Nwosu because of the experience he had and was convinced that the former goalkeeper, Mr. Gor Mahia, would be able to help the team to reach the goal.
“Our goal is to play well with our elevation to the league, and we don’t want to drop a stone in the ground.
--- Emiliano sala is uncertain
Sir John Fitzgerald, director of the emergency and aircraft department, said there is no hope that sala will be discovered.
Emiliano sala, from Argentina, aged 28, was with a pilot in a barley that was lost on Monday.
In the meantime, the team has made progress in the search for the plane and its passengers on Wednesday.
It was that sala sent a whatsapp message to a friend and family that she was afraid of the flight.
According to the news agency in Argentina, sala now told her relatives that "I was in an airplane that seemed to be in danger.
Now about 11: 30 a.m., Guernsey "s police officer said that three airplanes and a small balcony were on the plane as they searched for the balcony of Piper Malibu.
Police have also claimed that they are examining phonographs to see if they can help
Until now, however, there have been no reports of the disaster
sala went to Welsh after signing a 15 million pounds contract with Bluebirds.
--- Arsenal’s Petr Cech is ready to retire
After 20 years of professional training, Arsenal’s first team, Amule Petr Cech, is ready to retire at the end of the 2018/2019 Premier League in Britain.
The 16-year-old who joined Arsenal in June 2015 from Chelsea announced this on his twitter site @petrcech on Tuesday.
“This is my 20th season as a professional and 20 years since I signed my first contract as a professional.
--- Omeruo wants to join CD Leganes for a long-term contract
Super Eagles defender Kenneth Omeruo has said he will make his contract a long-term contract with CD Leganes because of the La Liga team’s home condition.
Omeruo was in a contract from Chelsea to the end of this season, and he has become a member of the Leganes team, which has proved to be a good way to stay away from defeat.
“Now it’s as if I’m at home on the back of the street with a lot of trouble before I’m in Spain.” The Super Eagles’ defender made this known to the media.
It was like a dream that came true to me as we learned that the La Liga was one of the world "s largest competitions
I don "t think twice about signing a contract with the team, if it doesn" t work out.
The Madrid football team will have to set aside five million euros to buy 25-year-old Omeruo for a long announcement.
--- NFF selects Keshi Stadium for Seychelles and Egypt
The Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) is believed to have selected Keshi Stadium in Asaba, Delta to host the World Cup friendly between the Super Eagles and Pharaoh of Egypt, as well as the final competition for the African Cup in 2019.
An executive of the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) in Abuja said the struggle to host the two matches in Abuja was about to succeed because Delta State government had agreed to transfer 70 percent of the costs.
“We have reached the final section of our discussion, and everything is in line with how the Azaba stadium will host the matches and everything will cool,” he said.
“Egypt’s friendly matches will include players like Mohammed Salah of Liverpool, Mohammed El-Shenawy and Ahmed Hegazi.
The Governor, Ifeanyi Okowa, has developed the interests of sports tourism, and the visit of Premier League players in Britain will contribute to the economic growth of the city of Asaba and its neighboring cities within the state.
--- Egypt is the best host of the 2019 AFCON competition
Egypt is the most likely host of the African Cup in 2019, the CAF has announced that the other countries in the country will be able to move to the country that will not play football in the coming year.
When Egypt finally won the African Cup, the Super Eagles finish with a third place; with a third copper medal in the three consecutive matches.
The CAF is ready to host the 2019 AFCON World Cup in Egypt.
The president of the AFCON leadership committee, Amaju Pinnick, explained that the committee will consider only countries with the power to host the competition.
The CAF will announce the host of the 2019 AFCON on September 9.
--- Mbappe wins the finals of France
Paris Saint-Germain champion Kylian Mbappe has won France’s top title for the first time
The 20-year-old who played a vital role for France to win the World Cup in Russia during the past season has won the 2018 season.
Mbappe helped Les Bleus to swim with strenuous effort to win the four-to-two finals with Croatia.
Mbappe has scored 16 in the 19 games he played for PSG in this season, as the team continues to pursue the goal at home and outside the club.
He ended fourth in the 2018 World Cup with this high-ranking position as a child ahead of Lionel Messi Agbabel, who had won the award five times.
Mbappe was a shield from the French Football Federation after he struck Raphael Varane and Antoine Griezmann.
He won the award from Chelsea midfielder NGolo Kante, the best player in 2017.
--- President Weah’s son Atamathase will join Celtic team in trouble
Timothy Weah will leave France’s Paris St Germain (PSG) to join Scotland’s Celtic.
Weah made it known on Tuesday.
The 18-year-old is ready to join the Scottish Premier League, Celtic, according to the British news agency.
Weah has played for PSG three times in this season because of the players Neymar, Kylian Mbappe, and Edinson Cavani who have reduced the number of players in their first team.
In a French-language message posted on Instagram, Weah expressed gratitude to the PSG team, coaches, and coaches for the privilege of being a member of the club.
Weah was a cousin of the former Football Federation of Liberia, PSG and AC Milan, George Weah, now president of Liberia.
--- This is the final edition of the EPL competitions.
The Crytsal Palace defeated Manchester City with three to two points in the English Premier league on the weekend.
Meanwhile, Leicester City left Chelsea with a goal to the bottom.
In their first games on Saturday, Arsenal defeated Burnley with three points in one
Southampton squad defeated Huddersfield with three points to one in high esteem for Michael Obaomi’s goal.
Watford also beat West Ham with two points to Bournemouth na Brighton with two points to river
--- FIFA ranking: Super Eagles finish 2018 to 44th
The Super Eagles finish 2018 with their 44th position in the new FIFA ranking released on Thursday.
The team, who has won the African Cup three times, holds their fourth place in Africa.
Senegal’s national team took the lead with Tunisia, Morocco, Nigeria, and DR Congo as the first five teams in the country.
Belgium ranked first, France ranked second, Brazil and Crotia ranked fourth, while England ranked fifth in the world.
Another rankings for FIFA/Coca-Cola will be released on June 7, 2019.
--- Mourinho welcomes me back to Premier League – Ranieri
Claudio Ranieri said on Thursday that Jose Mourinho was the first coach to welcome him back to the Premier League when he was appointed Fulham coach last month.
Fulham will head to Old Trafford on Saturday, where Manchester United is expected to have won the Premier League for the first time in five matches, which will bring both coaches together since Ranieri left Leicester.
Fulham’s coach, however, said “He was the first person to send me a message to say ‘ welcome back’
He was a good friend.
I have known him for years, and since his arrival in Chelsea from Italy, you have been doing well to me.
He was a valiant man, a coach, and a Ruler.
Fulham, who is at the bottom of the table, played a thrilling role in each goal with Leicester on Wednesday, giving 77-year-old Ranieri a triumph, a shot, and a loss in three matches.
--- NFF to meet Super Falcons in Abuja
The Prime Minister of Nigeria, Alhaji Abba Kyari, led by the National Football Federation (NFF) and the National Football Federation (NFF) to meet the Super Falcons as they arrived in Abuja on Sunday evening.
Super Falcons, who has won the African Women’s cup nine times, landed at Nnamdi Azikiwe International Airport at 4: 00 a.m.
Among the members of the Super Falcons team who entered Abuja were the NFF secretary, Dr. Mohammed Sanusi, and other NFF officials.
On Saturday (Saturday) at Accra Stadium, Falcons gracefully beat Bathana Banyana of South Africa with 4-3 points in a 120-minute roundup to win the women’s cup three times over the country and 9 in total.
In the name of the President, who is now out of town, all of you are welcomed back to work.
In fact, as we left the airport, two Nigerians invited them to donate 50 million naira (N50m) and 25 million naira (N25m) to the team.
Have a good rest, please.
You will soon be contacted with the rights set out for you
NFF secretary Mohammed Sanusi said, “In the name of the NFF leaders, we are grateful for the support of the Nigerian government, which helped the team to succeed in the competition.
The girls have promised to do their best to win the country in the 2019 World Cup.
--- Berhalter has been announced as U.S. coach
Columbus Crew’s former coach, Gregg Berhalter, has been announced as a coach for the U.S. men on Sunday
Fifty-five-year-old Berhalter replaced coach Dave Sarachan with the goalkeeper of the team since Steve Sampson in 1995.
“We are very happy to appoint Gregg as U.S. men’s coach” in the comments of the President of the National Football Committee, Carlos Cordeiro.
As an experienced footballer and coach coach, we are convinced that he is the right person to make progress.
We hope to demonstrate it on Tuesday in New York City.
Berhalter will be shown at a press meeting on Tuesday afternoon
Berhalter was in the team’s final title for the 2002 and 2006 World Cup.
--- President Buhari congratulates Super Falcons on winning the African Cup
President Muhammadu Buhari congratulated Nigeria’s Super Falcons on Saturday as they won the 2018 Women’s World Cup finals in Ghana.
The president expressed great appreciation for the work of adoption and the perseverance of the senior women’s soccer team as well as the intensity of their South African team.
He stressed that the Super Falcons are the first qualified to represent Nigeria in the next year’s Women’s World Cup in France, the President described the AWCON winning for the third time with a total of nine “wines in the bread”
In commending the country’s women’s ambition and domination in the African country, he urged them to go to the France 2018 competition with a big goal and a determination to win the World Cup.
President Buhari also commended the coaches, the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), the supporters and all football fans for their excellent training and support for the football team, and he urged Nigerians to keep the goalkeeper’s goalkeeper’s goalkeeper’s goalkeeper’s goal.
“I am not doubting the success of Nigerians if needed support is given” this he emphasized when promising the federal commitment to the development of sports as a means of unification.
--- Rohr explains how he feels about the lead of the Super Eagles
As Nigeria prepares for their duties the following year after qualifying for the African Cup 2019, Nigeria’s Gernot coach has expressed delight in the football team ahead of him.
After each match with South Africa, the Nigerian team will start the training for the AFCON next month when they will face the Seychelles, the most important of the team’s unconcerned coach is the players he has set in front of the team.
Rohr added that the Nigerian team has players to make the team slip in front.
“We have clubs alongside. These young boys are doing well. Kálu, Simon Chukwueze, Victor Osimhen, and Collins are on Sunday. I liked the contest. Kálu, for example, can hold back and hold the right hand in the front of the team’s head,” said the coach.
--- Pinnick commends Zenith for the 2019 AFCON competition
Nigeria Football Federation President Amaju Pinnick has commended Zenith for qualifying for the 2019 AFCON Championship in Cameroon
During the transfer of the Super Eagle’s wardrobe to Zenith’s Director/General, Mr. Peter Amangbo expressed gratitude from all the players for supporting the AFCON in their competition for the 2019 AFCON competition, Mr. Pinnick thanked the team for supporting the development of football and sports throughout the year.
He stressed that what we would not say would be different if it were not for the support and support of the bank, which are of utmost importance to the final match of the Super Eagle for the 2019 AFCON.
In reply, Amangbo reaffirmed the bank’s commitment to the support of the national team and promised to strengthen his promises to make Nigeria’s national team proud in the world.
--- Super Falcons qualify for AWCON final
Nigeria’s Super Falcons have qualified to win the Women’s World Cup finals in Ghana.
The Super Falcons defeated Cameroon 4-2 in a 100-minute goal.
As a result, Nigeria has qualified for the 2019 AWCON final.
--- Didier Drogba retires from soccer
Former Chelsea and Ivory Coast footballer Didier Drogba has announced his defeat as a footballer.
Twenty-four Nigerians scored a total of 145 goals in their 300 matches for two turns for Chelsea, which helped them to win the English Premier League four times as well as the Champions League in 2012, including FA and three times as well.
Drogba has been playing for this season in the United States with Phoenix Rising, his second-grade team, who was expected to win the United Soccer Cup finals at Louisville City in early this month.
The result came back on the end of the day (Wednessday) as Drogba posted on his Web site a picture of his little childhood.
--- 2018 AWCON: Super Falcons beat Zambia’s Shepolopolo 4-0
Nigeria’s Super Falcons beat Zambia’s Shepolopolo on Sunday in Cape Coast to progress in the 11th African Women’s Cup in Ghana.
The cupbearer, who for the first time lost their defeat on Sunday (Sunday), regained power with a successful victory that held them at the top of their lottery table for the short time.
Desire Oparanozie drove in with a goal to the bottom in the first half of the season, while Francesca Ordega played the second in the first few minutes.
Oparanozie added another to make it a triumph against river, while Amarachi Okoronkwo, who was injured, grabbed honey on the side of the cane with his goal to make it four to river.
This victory resulted in Nigeria’s defeat of Zambia before South Africa and Equatorial Guinea, which will be held in the near future.
The Falcons will face Equatorial Guinea in the final round on Saturday, while the Shepolopolo will face South Africa on the same day.
--- President Buhari congratulates Super Eagles in the 2019 AFCON
President Muhammadu Buhari has congratulated Nigeria’s Super Eagles on their victory at the 2019 African Cup in Cameroon.
His talk came after the match with South Africa’s Bafana Bafana in Johannesburg on Saturday.
The President pleaded with a number of Nigerian football fans to commend the team for working hard and hard in the competition with the team’s professional athlete, which made them competitive, and their final match with the Seychelles was a big one.
President Buhari also commended the coaches, the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), and the supporters of Nigerians in South Africa who were released to impress the players for their hard work.
President Buhari assured the team of the Super Eagles of the last days of the United Nations.
--- Belgium stands steadfast in UEFA Nations
Michy Batshuayi proved to be the past to replace Romelu Lukaku, who was injured on Thursday when he scored two goals in the UEFA Nations Championship with two goals for their team and Iceland at the UEFA Nations League.
After 45 minutes of defeat, Eden Hazard found Thomas Meunier on the right side of the stadium struck by Paris Saint-Germain at Batshuayi to play the game.
A second goal was easy for the Valencia player with this contract as he scored when Hans Vanaken "s goal came back to him.
Belgium has nine points in three matches in the second round before Switzerland.
The Switzerland team is ready to make Belgium one of the four first players in June. Iceland lost all four matches, and they have dropped off.
--- UEFA Nations League: Croatia punishes Spain
The Croatia team will be on their way to London when Spain is on their defeat with the goal of losing against Luis Enrique.
Spain lost free will and continued to hold the final of the UEFA League with their three-to-two victories against Croatia on Thursday, which resulted in their 93-minute victory.
Jedvaj’s goalkeeper left the fourth door ahead of the final match between England and Croatia on Sunday.
The winning team will be competent, as it is possible for Spain to regain their competition at Wembley Stadium at the end of the competition. Croatia will be the winner in Zagreb, where Jedvaj has seen them twice – his first goal in the world championship – with a historic victory in the aftermath of this fierce competition.
The Croatia team will be on their way to London when Spain is on their defeat against Luis Enrique, with a surprising return similar to that of England’s domestic matches last month.
Spain has escaped the unwavering defeat for England or Croatia, which can still be completed with top rankings or final positions on Sunday, England’s losses, and Croatia’s losses.
--- Djokovic pours Zverev in ATP final
Novak Djokovic, the first athlete in the world tennis team, appeared in a powerful way to defeat German champion Alexander Zverev in the ATP final on Wednesday.
The Serbian man, ten years older than his opponent who struggled in the first round, all of Zverev’s struggles in the O2 Arena failed with Djokovic’s six-to-one victory.
This victorious triumph allowed the One who had received the mark of the bird five times to go against the final stages.
Djokovic, who will finish this year as the world headquarters for the fifth time in his life after the second half of this intensive period, is ahead of Gustavo Kuerten.
This led to Serbia’s 33th victory in 35 previous matches.
--- Bafana’s match: Musa, Balogun, and other inheritances in Assaba
Gernot Rohr has played 22 players at the Stephen Keshi Stadium in Osaba in his list of athletes with the start of preparations for the 2019 African Cup with Bafana Bafana at the FNB Stadium in Johannesburg.
Bordeaux Samuel Kalu, who is expected at the camp today, is not the only player in the game.
Among them were the Balogun Ahmed Musa with the guards Daniel Akpeyi, Theophilus Afelokhai and Ikechukwu Ezenwa and the successors of Olaoluwa Aina, Adeleye Aniyikaye, Semi Ajayi, Bryan Idowu, William Troost-Ekong, Leon Balogun, Kenneth Omeruo, and Jamilu Collins.
Among them were Oghenekaro Etebo, John Ogu and Mikel Agu, as well as Kelechi Iheanacho, Moses Simon, Victor Osimhen, Henry Onyekuru, Alex Iwobi, Isaac Success, and Samuel Chukwueze.
In the first competition, South Africa won two goals with Tokelo Rantie and Percy Tau at Godswill Akpabio at Godswill Akpabio, as coach Gernot Rohr played the less experienced national players.
--- We’re not afraid of Nigeria, Baxter repeats
Bafana’s coach, Bafana Stuart Baxter, said he and his team are not afraid to face Nigeria’s Super Eagles on Saturday in the 2019 African Cup competition at the FNB Stadium in Johannesburg.
Baxter, who is pursuing a third victory when Bafana faces the Super Eagles, hopes that the team that has won the African Cup three times has the goal of retaliating before the competition.
He won the South African team with two to one points in 2004 against Mandela before he punished the Super Eagles with two to a 2-0 points in the 2019 African Cup competition in Uyo on June 2017 – his time game in the second turn in the team.
--- Flying Eagles face Ghana and Benin in WAFU
Youth football clubs in their mid-20 "s from Ghana, Niger Republic, and Benin Republic will continue to fight with their team at the B winner of the WAFU Youth Cup in Togo, which will be held in Lome from June 6 to June 26.
The organisers have listed these matches in special preparation for the five teams from each province qualified to participate in the WAFU Youth Cup in Tanzania between the second day and the second month of 2019.
Nigeria’s seven-time championship will be played in the 11-day competition with Senegal, Burkina Faso, Ghana, and Nigeria’s Niger Republic in Lome.
The Flying Eagles defeated Benin’s Young Squirrels in their first competition on December 7, before they defeated Nigeria’s Junior Mena on December 9, and Ghana’s Black Satellites on December 12.
--- Team China joins Victor Moses
Victor Moses’ future in Chelsea was uncertain after their coach Maurizo Sarri omitted his name in his team against Bate Borisov in the Europa League.
Sarri assured Moses that he could leave the team in the first month of the year when the market windows were open.
Crystal Palace and Wolverhampton Wanderers have demonstrated their interest in collaboration, and a recent report from the Nigerian Football Federation of Nigeria.com confirms that the Chinese Football Federation, Shanghai SIPG, has joined in its goal.
--- Rohr arrested Afelokhai as Uzoho successor
Nigerian coach Gernot Rohr has congratulated Nigerian defender Enyimba Theophilus Afelokhai as Uzoho’s successor for the South African Cup competition and the World Cup friendly with Uganda this month.
Uzoho struggled against the Super Eagles because he had to stay at the end of the weekend at the end of the stadium for just four minutes.
The Nigerian team will face South Africa in Johannesburg on December 17 until they meet Uganda after the third day in the city of Asaba.
--- Man City climbs after crash
Manchester City’s national team has returned their first place in the English Premier League that last night after Southampton’s overthrow, which Pep Guardiola wins with six points one at home, as Raheem Sterling saw them twice in the game.
--- AFCON Championship: Bafana Bafana lists Nigeria
Bafana Bafana Stuart Baxter has invited SBV’s midfielder Thulani Serero of the Netherlands to join him in the 2019 AFCON Championship with Nigeria at the FNB Stadium on June 17.
--- Nigeria to qualify for 2019 African Cup (AFCON): Rohr
Gernot Rohr forfeited his team’s ability to win or winning South Africa to qualify for the 2019 AFCON World Cup.
The Super Eagles are at the top of the table with 9 points in E, and they will face Bafana Bafana on June 17 in Johannesburg, South Africa
“It’s enough for the West African team to win the Championship in Cameroon.
--- Nigeria climbs 44th in FIFA rankings
Nigeria’s Super Eagles have raised 4 points to 44th in the 2018 Cocacola FIFA list.
On the table listed on the World Football Federation website on Thursday, Nigeria scored a peak of 81.9 points over a peak of 91.9 points in the month.
Nigeria has been named after Tunisia and Senegal.
It is important to remember that at the time, the Nigerian team punished the Lybia team with four goals in their home and three to two goals in the competition to the African Cup.
Tunisia was 22nd while Senegal was 15.
The Congo DR (righty-six), Morocco 53th and other African countries 50th.
Thro the world, Belgium is now ahead of France with just one goal in the 2018 Cocacola FIFA ranking, with Belgium’s 72, and France’s 82, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas France’s 82, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 82, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas Belgium’s 72, whereas France
Both came to the top 100 after a month of winning and winning, with Belgium striking Switzerland in their eighth position and France striking Germany in the UEFA Nations League with two points down to 14th.
--- Pliskova finish WTA final
The Czech Karolina Pliskova has dropped to the final stages on Thursday after striking Petra Kvitova, who had previously won the competition, withdrew his climb from the WTA final in Singapore.
Pliskova became the first to qualify in the fourth final after winning 6-3, 6-4 in eighty-three minutes.
Kvitova needed to finish the race for the first time since 2015 with the goalkeeper Caroline Wozniacki, who needed to beat Elina Svitolina for the goalkeeper.
For the first time in the competition, Pliskova made room for herself in the final stages for the second time.
--- Messi disfellowshipped for three weeks
The Barcelona team will continue to play for three weeks because of the defeat of the defeat in La liga against Seville with four to two points on Saturday.
He was removed from the team that will face Real Madrid in the ‘Clasico’ game that will be played on June 28.
Ousmane Dembele replaced Messi at the start of the competition 25 minutes after the doctor had checked him on line as a result of the attack by Franco Vazquez, a member of the Seville team.
In addition to the ‘Clasico’ game you’ve found the best for Barca’s team will be out of the stadium on Wednesday at the UEFA Champions League at their home with Inter Milan.
--- Mikel Obi commends Eagles
Super Eagles campman Mikel Obi has praised the team after they beat Libya’s face with four goals to the bottom on Saturday in the 2019 AFCON Championship in Uyo. Mikel, who was not in the competition because of injury for the team’s injury, expressed the team’s confidence in their decision as well as Odion Ighalo, who saw them three times.
--- 2019 AFCON: Eagles camp is open today
The Super Eagles camp will be reestablished today as Gernot Rohr is expecting at least 16 players to arrive at Akwa Ibom to start their first game before the AFCON 2019 special match against Libya on Saturday.
The Leicester City team, Kelechi Iheanacho and Wilfred Ndidi, as well as Udinese’s secretary, William Troost-Ekong are believed to lead 13 other players into the Super Eagles camp today, confirmed by the governors.
Israel’s Hapoel Beer Sheva, who helped his team to put an end to the Saturday’s victory in the League of Israel with four to one victory at their home with Maccabi Petach Tikva, confirmed his entry to the camp today.
The Super Eagles are expected to include Kenneth Omeruo, Leon Balogun, William Troost-Ekong, Shehu Abdullahi, Oghenekaro Etebo, Ahmed Musa, Moses Simon, Henry Onyekuru, Semi Ajayi, Ikechukwu Ezenwa, and Ola Aina.
--- Rafael Nadal stands top ATP
Rafael Nadal from Spain has continued to take the lead in the World Cup of tennis (ATP) list of men released on Monday with 41 points ahead of his Swiss counterpart.
--- Musa wins Saudi finals
Super Eagles Football Federation Ahmed Musa has won the World Cup title in the third round of the Saudi League, CompletesportsNigeria.com.
The former Leicester City and CSKA Moscow have also received 10,000 Riyal Saudi dollars ($486 U.S.).
Musa, who has also been playing for the Super Eagles in their 2019 African Cup (AFCON) with Seychelles, which ended with three goals.
--- AFCON: NFF will give Eagles good preparations
After qualifying from the Nigeria Football Federation (NFF), Amaju Pinnick said the Golden Eaglets will be well-prepared to win the World Cup in Tanzania next year.
Eaglets beat Ghana three to one on Saturday to match.
Samson Tijani won the highest score when Olakunle Olusegun won the highest score with four points.
“Those we have are young players with a bright future.
As for us in our organization, we have planned to treat them as the Super Eagles from this stage.
We want them to grow mentally and physically, just as the Eagles are prepared for the World Cup in Russia, they will be prepared for the competition in Tanzania.
We also looked out of Tanzania.
We look to the future, and now is the time to start rearing the children.
He said the Eaglets would travel through Qatar and Jordan before going to the Tanzania competition.
--- Eaglets beat Niger to face Starlets Ghana in the final
The Nigerian team won two goals against one of the Niger’s midnight guests (Wednessday) to strike against Ghana’s 67-year-old side.
The Golden Eaglets will face Black Starlets in Niamey on Saturday to win the African Cup, which is scheduled in Tanzania for youths under 17 years of age.
The Eaglets were well-equipped and worked hard with the victory of the Niger Republic, which won two goals to the north in this hot competition at the General Seyni Kountche Stadium.
They beat Burkina Faso with two to three points in their opening matches before punishing Cote d’Ivoire with five to one last week.
--- Weah returns worldwide at the competition with Nigeria... at age 51-!
The president of Liberia and the most successful player in the world once saw George Weah return to the World Cup in Monrovia on Tuesday, playing a ball in a two-wheel-drive game against the Nigerian team.
The competition came just a few weeks after the 52nd birthday celebration was celebrated, and Liberia scheduled the competition to give up the 14th-famous Weah.
At the same time, supporters were surprised to see this trainer putting his mantle in front of the national team onto the field after he had appeared for the last 16 years.
It is that Weah, who took the lead and scores of such titles scattered around the globe, received a stand from supporters when he was replaced by 79 minutes.
The goal by Henry Onyekuru and Simeon Nwankwo helped Nigeria to advance with two goals to the end of the game before the team returned one with a goal by Kpah Sherman at the end.
Weah his life in Europe, where he spent ten and a half years playing for Monaco, Paris Saint-Germain, and Marseille in France, AC Milan, Italy.
He also played for England Manchester City and Chelsea.
Weah said he was declared the world’s most successful football player in 1995 and won the Ballon d’Or award in the same year as he was the only African player who still won the two titles.
--- Hiddink appointed Chinese Olympic coach
Guus Hiddink has been charged with qualifying for the 2020 Olympic Games finals after a 21-year-old team has been handed over to Real Madrid and the former team of the Netherlands on Monday.
Hiddink, aged 41, is the newest major coach to pass to China since the president of the country, Xi Jinping, showed interest in transforming the country into the world power of football.
He joined Marcello Lippi, a former European champion on CFA’s winning list, as Italy’s World Cup coach is preparing the country’s top team for the World Cup final in the United Arab Emirates in January.
Great coaches Luiz Felipe Scolari, Fabio Capello, Manuel Pellegrini, and Andre Villas Boas have also had dealings with the Chinese Super League team.
--- COVER: Super Eagles slide west of Seychelles’
The Super Eagles are ready to face the Seychelles in the boxing game that will be held in Victoria on Saturday.
With houses filled, the Nigerian ambassador enjoys a good night on the island
--- UEFA NATION: France runs against Germany
France, with the world cup in hand, did not meet and needed to thank their third goalkeeper, Alphonse Areola, for winning with Germany in the UEFA Nations Championship on Thursday, the first time since World Cup victory was raised.
During the rains that evening, the German team returned their prize after parting from the first round of the shocking World Cup in Russia, which was the fastest in the competition in the past 80 years.
“It’s a hot competition with our performance and, at times, our performance,” said Didier Deschamps, coach of France.
--- AFCON titles: Eaglets spot Burkina Faso
Mohammed Sanusi, secretary general of Nigeria Football Federation (NFF) on Sunday, expressed confidence that the Golden Eaglets will beat Burkina Faso tomorrow.
The West African Football Federation (WAFU) competition for youths under 17 years of age will begin in Niger Republic on Monday
Sanusi said Manu Garba’s team was successful and planned to destroy their opponent in the western part of the country.
He said they were ready to restore the glory of the world football team of young Nigerians who are only 17 years old.
“We need to be filled with prayer, as regards the wisdom of our children, but we need divine intervention,” said the federal official.
Nigeria’s youth team, younger than 17 years of age, will face two teams as a result of the elimination of Benin Republic.
Ten of the 20 players in Benin Republic failed to qualify for internal tests (MRIs) that eliminated the team.
Cote d’ Voire and Burkina Faso are the only remaining Nigerians.
The Golden Eaglets will match on Monday at 4: 00 p.m. with Burkina Faso.
The WAFU is the title of the AFCON Youth Cup, which will be held in Tanzania at the age of 17 and qualified for the World Cup of Youths at the age of 17 in Peru in 2019.
--- Nigeria headed for World Cup Armageddon
Nigeria’s team from Lagos headed for the World Cup in Beijing.
A woman and three men flew from country on Ethiopian airplane
The only woman was Faith Obazuaye, and her companions were Nasiru Bello, Tajudeen Agunbiade, and Olufemi Alabi.
The competition will begin on the 27th of the eighth month and end on the third of the ninth month.
Bankole, speaking before they left, said that these happy people were well prepared for the work ahead.
“We have faith in them and what they can do, and I have faith that they will boast about our country.
Bankole, a Police Commissioner, likewise appealed to Nigerians living in China to impress these devoted people.
--- I’ll feel I’m standing in City – Kompany
Manchester City Captain Vincent Kompany said his hereditary abilities enabled him to prolong his life in England’s Premier League.
The 32-year-old Belgium football team has tried hard to escape a series of injury-related attacks over the past ten years.
“I perceived that what people did not really know about me was that besides having injury, I received the graciousness of heresy.
“So there’s still a game on my leg,” Kompany told the club’s official website, whose contract will be validated for the next season.
Kompany entered the second round with Arsenal in their first competition but started with the team that struck Huddersfield Town with six points to one last weekend.
--- Hockey: 2018 League begins on Saturday
Fatai Atanda, a member of the Hockey Football Federation (NHF), said on Thursday that the 2018 Hockey League will begin on Saturday at the national stadium in Abuja.
Atanda said that the contest would be divided into four portions and that 16 teams of eight men and women would play.
Last year Kada Queens in Kaduna took the cup of women home when Niger Flickers took the cup of men.
The competition was in harmony with the goal of this agency to advance hockey in Nigeria, especially among the youths in order to expand their skills.
--- Falconets can beat Spain – Garba Manu
The Golden Eaglet coach Manu Garba said he is convinced that the Falconets have the power to beat their team from Spain in the second round to the final of the world cup of girls under 20 years of age in France.
Garba, who showed this in Abuja, says that the Falconets have worked and are determined to make the world cup their own.
“Falconets have worked hard to prepare for the World Cup finals for girls under 20 years of age.
“The second to final stages are stages of self-denial, and it is possible to beat the Spanish team if our girls are more likely to win in front of them,” Garba said.
The coach assured the Falconets of the country’s support, asserting that the Nigerians are on their side.
He said that with God "s help and hard work, the team would qualify to the final stages.
On Monday, the Falconets scored each goal with the Chinese team to qualify for the second round.
--- An applause has been launched for sports in Nigeria
Factories and people who have the power to finance sports in Nigeria have proved to be favorable.
Mr. Bukola Olapade, a member of the African Athelethics Championship in the state of Asaba, Delta state, stated this while consulting the media in the city of Asaba, Mr. Olapade now uses the good work of Rite foods limited as an example in providing food and drink for the contestants.
When they were offered confidence, they immediately showed interest in him and played a good part in the contests.
Olapade further explained that at the competition many at the event provided food and drink from Rites foods, as well as candy and spices for young children at the contest.
Saleem Adegunwa, president of Rite Foods Ltd, confirmed that the company is making every effort to promote Nigeria’s glory.
‘We believe that our people can create extraordinary things with their talents, our diversity of support, our cooperation, our support, and other things.
He made it known.
Adegunwa says that the Rite foods has spent some 30 million naira (N30 million) on food and drink supplies that are said to be the support of sports in Nigeria and the country in general.
The company’s chief adviser assures us that the competition will come to an end on Sunday, but the Rite foods will continue to support the competition, saying that the Rite Foods’ main objective for the 2018 competition is to provide food for the winners.
He said that these foods would renew their strength as they continued to competit.
--- No – Ta Lou relishes wins Assaba, stands in the hands of supporters
As a result of his 100th-foot [100 m] victory at the 2018 Grand Azare Stadium in Asaba, Ivory coast Ta Lou Marie Josée has expressed appreciation for the support of sports fans in the country.
Marie Josee Ta Lou won the gold medal on Thursday with 11 seconds 11.15 with Janet Amponsah of Ghana who ran 12 seconds 11.54 seconds; Udo Joy-Gabriel with 12 seconds.
With his 100th medal in his pocket, Ta Lou will try to expand his world rankings by playing well in the IAAF competition that will soon be held.
--- Special dancer encourages Kenyan citizens
The World Health Organization (WHO) has estimated that more than 81 million African people, many of whom suffer from depression and hatred, disrupting their opportunities to participate in education, employment, and entertainment.
The ballet is one of the most popular ballet dances in Kenya.
Nicholas Ouma Odhiambo said the team gave him a free gift to participate in the dancing competition
--- Juventus – Ronaldo
Portugal’s goalkeeper Christiano Ronaldo said he joined Italy’s goalkeeper in helping the ‘old lady’ to win the UEFA Champions League even more.
In a conversation with the media after the opening of the clothes, Ronaldo said that he wanted to play the Serie A.
"I love competition, and I know this will be difficult.
"I was amazed at my stay in Allianz.
Ronaldo pledged to end the drought of the European cup against Juventus.
Ronaldo joined Juventus from Real Madrid with an agreement of over 100 pounds.
Within nine years, Ronaldo won four UEFA league titles and two La Liga titles.
--- VON wins Women’s Table Tennis medal
The Voice of Nigeria’s Kissit Golit, who won the Women’s World Cup at the NuJ Women’s table, set up a second chance.
This second year’s competition was scheduled to be played on Saturday, April 14, 2018, in the Chinese culture in Abuja.
The Chinese Culture Organization is cooperating with the Nigerian Economic Association (NUJ) branch of the capital.
Tokumbo Adesanya wins the Tenies title at the NuJ Man table, the next to the branch office, represented by the Nigerian news agency to dismiss the representative of the brand-name news agency, Onosanya, Sangotola Tobi, as one of the three representatives of the Voice of Nigeria but remains unable to meet with the dismissal in the second round.
Among the people who also represented the Voices of Nigeria was Comfort Babatunde, who left the first stage.
--- Public news: Ronaldo joins Juventus with an agreement of 100 million pounds
Cristiano Ronaldo has left Real Madrid in Turin’s Italian Juventus with hundreds of millions of pounds.
In a statement released on Tuesday, Real Madrid said that they put Ronaldo in the Juventus team in accord with the interests of the 33-year-old.
“Real Madrid wants to express appreciation for the player who has proved himself to be the best player in the world and has influenced our best seasons in the history of world football.
“In addition to the signs, the titles he won and the victories he won in the field in these nine years, Cristiano Ronaldo has been an example of imitation, imitation, prize, and advancement.”
Ronaldo struck the capital of SPAini after being the most successful player in Real Madrid’s history with 69 points in 22 games.
In all, he won 16 of them four European cups, 3 of them fourth five years ago.
--- Mahrez signs five-year contract with Man City
Algeria’s Riyad Mahrez finished his defense against Premier League, Manchester City on Tuesday after seven months of strong hope for City’s refusal to pay Leicester’s savings.
Meanwhile, the Leicester team continued to sell the team in the history of the team, and some reports suggest that the leadership team paid 60 million pounds (80 million pounds) to make it the history of the team.
He was the 27th-year-old Leicester champion of the Premier League in 2016 and signed a five-year contract.
“I’m happy to join the City team, Pep Guardiola’s basketball team.
I liked watching them outdoors.
Pep was a goalkeeper with me, and Citi’s success in the season was unique” this is what Mahrez said.
--- Luis Enrique is appointed new coach
The Spanish Football Federation has announced that former Barcelona coach Luis Enrique has been appointed to take over the team.
Julen Lopetegui, who was discharged from World Cup before tomorrow after taking part in Real Madrid while Fernando Hierro was running the games in Russia for some time.
Luis Enrique signed a two-year contract.
--- World cup exhibition in Moscow
The FIFA Football Federation will announce in Moscow the 2018 World Cup winner for Sunday.
It will be an exhibition of the cup of Jules Rimet, the first to be given to the winner in 1930 when the competition began.
The “Historians” exhibition will be held in the Hyundai Motorstudio Picture Center in New Moscow.
The exhibition will conclude on July 15, after the 2018 World Cup finals in Russia.
In a statement on Saturday, FIFA stated that entry to the exhibition was free, adding that the media were allowed to enter, draw, and draw.
“The exhibition is an appreciation for the love and appreciation of supporters from all over the world and their contribution to the award of the FIFA World Cup.
“There the visitors were able to receive messages from supporters of 32 competing countries and to show the balls they played for the 64th FIFA 2018 World Cup in Russia, provided by the company of adidas.
“After each match, the ball that starts the game becomes part of the show,” said Moritz Ansorge, director of the FIFA Sports Federation.
--- Tite signs four more years contract
The Brazilian Football Federation (CBF) is presenting a four-year contract to the coach of the team, Tite, who made five victories in the World Cup from second to final.
According to Brazil’s Globo, this senior coach is satisfied with the CBF and is being offered another contract.
Seventy-seven-year-old Brazil won in June 2016 and helped the team to qualify for the 2018 FIFA World Cup with ranked first in Guusu America.
Under the leadership of Tite, the Brazilian team has won 20 victories, 4 and 2 victories, including Friday with Belgium.