[Imates after Luz Mely Reyes in his eyes, remind us of how Senates SEBIN managed to evacuate Diaz Soto's house.
The interview was touched by one of the speakers:
IFrom this time, at the end of the latest morning, the Senator from the media has arrived at the media and the Luis Carlos Diaz Cyclotor of Luis Carlos Diazz, who has been detained from the #Niboboboii
The #DondeEstauisCarlos (Nehovarlos) is known as Luis Carlos on the Twiratterzuela.
The Venezuela and the vocabulary of the democracy of the demolition of the Federal Government of Nicholas Maduro.
He has been working with his wife and former political journalist Naky Soto, and they are producing videos and videos on social media based on politics and human rights in Venezuela.
He has worked as an activist and administrator for the people of the country and the special closes that do not have the love of the congregation.
Iaz is also the leader of Global Voices for ten years.
In my case, Luis Carlos was an intelligent man, advised in reporting and interviews in Venezuela.
He has established a certificate in the city (kiboniLuisCarlosWa) #Niboni
In just a few days before his release, the Conel Mazo Dando showed a video shown by Diaz.
The Senate, Diosdado Cabello, thought Diaz was a sign of the unrelenting disabilities of the Venezuela that caused Venezuela to live in darkness for over four hours and 8 months.
There is no evidence for him.
Seven hours have passed since Luis Carlos Diaz have been displaced.
[Daz] is a journalist for the Unión Radio Noticias and a human rights activist.
We have the SEBIN headquarters and that they will not have [kiboNNiorgiLuisCarlosa'sW.
[Diaz is currently in their midfielder.”
Vladimir Villegas said that he was not aware of the power of the government:
Budionet Luis Carlos Díaz, has been in pretrial detention.
We sympathize with the circumstances.
We ask for guidance by knowing where it is, and respecting your human rights.
The Global Voices remains with Luis Carlos, his family, and a journalist working with all those making the government worthy of Venezuela.
We look forward to making peace and spirit so as to speak up about this news as it is coming down.
Scribbled by social media will protect the freedom of speech in Nigeria
The Senate will give permission for the constitutional media in Nigeriaj
The President of Mohammed Sani Musa is the prosecutor of social media. Photo by Channel Television You Tube.
On November 20, the Senate for Protection and Medication that detained in 2019, was described as "conscious of social media", whose named Mohammed Sanisa has been feared in the second place of the next day.
The panel of the social media is advised to disclose speeches and sentences that are not known on social media.
Although the law is not based on social media, it is not to be used as a lawmaker, but on the freedom of speech on the world, the democracy of opposition and constitutionality of the world.
The Nigerians were killed in 2016 by the wake of the Nigerians.
If you hear government (take government)
According to 1A, the proposal of the Senate is to "think the issue of the law that hasn't been published in Nigeria".
He will help Nigerians to "consist on the basis of the press that can cause Nigeria to become "conscious", without forget the recommendations of all kinds of health, security, "inciting all the costs or "ciberation of the country" and other Nigerians.
Appo 1c states that the Senate will "incellate, and protect the use of use and conservation of the Jordan’s media".
For more information, the new law is unconscious if it is around the world—extremist and
The prosecution of the social media is aimed at noting anyone, but all Nigerians will not be found in the area or where people live, neither are drug addicts, such as "cribs that aren’t available in Nigeria" if you don’t believe that you cannot win the road.
Appeal 3-0 of the probation of social media says:
A student doesn’t want to be a member of the country or after the Nigerian sign to sign a statement that hasn't been used to be used without evidence; and the congratulations of the confiscation of Nigerians as a eight---yearth day of security.
The issue of the Devil's law is "vend in the country" to obey the right to speak with freeness of speech.
However, no one can criticize or criticize the government of Nigeria because it is not a mistake.
For more than 3b, a statement that denounces “the demeaning or deed, the government of the country” is unthinkable.
According to Appeal 3b Articlev, this is in harmony with the words: "trialism, which is spoken to as one or zeal among the people".
This is dangerous because it allows authorities to abuse power.
Who said whether a statement can lead to violence?
This means that the use of one or political party or the taking of political parties can cause them to lose hatred.
The prosecution of the court’s federation, which includes a total of 200 and 10 tens of thousands of dollars to $286 to $28,000, United States.”
The Senate for Representatives
The proposal of the social media gave the government power power power to suspend the use of technology as an extremist when it seems to be considered, by "Acturalism" to use the world as it has been written on October 12,aye 3: 12
The Senate Department of the Nigeria NCC [Nigerian Commissionions Commission – the proposal of social media’s proponents” is advised to consolidate the use of social media.
The legislation of the embassies or paid some 5-4,000 USD.”
In addition, the Senate protected the prosecutors of the world's media that would not cause "ritten state or " if it cannot be released from an internet that doesn’t appeal to the world" on page 12.
The human rights rights activism is in vain because the law allows police to legalize law to violations the authority of the activists.
Appeal 15a states that the police " at the time " is a very clear investigation" in the country's approach.
In the end, “bearing the appeal of the Supreme Court” [A2] that a person can evacuate from the police, refusing to violate the law.
This is the key to success.” A student will not be able to hold the court for the activism.
Representatives behind the statement on the party
Three embassies of the Senate were listed in the Congress: Mohammed Sani Musa (appro), Abba Moro Moro and Elisha Abbo.
Mohammed Sani Musa, Activate Technologies Limitedtedted, was released from the Mohammed Sani Musa Congress (PCC), which was used for the election of the Agress of All Progressssal.
The Deputy Council (INEC) took the charge.
This case indicates that the passing of elections does not work with the powerful.
Ishaku Elisha Abbo of the People’s Democratic Party (PP) represents the Northern Adamawa State in Adamawa, in the northeast Nigeria.
In April 2019, the police station, Abbo was injured with a woman in the capital of Nigeria in Abuja.
After the photos were brought on social media, Abbo offered knew his identity and begged.
Abba Moro, a member of the PDP, is the representative of the South Benue, Central Nigeria.
On April 15, 2014, Moro, a total extremist organization, was in pretrial detention for the Nigerian Federal Congress, which included about 60,000 Nigerians in the country.
The horrific violence killing 20 people and the harm of many people.
Moro believed in the wages paid by transgender workers such as 675 wages of $1.8 USD”.
Iro put money on the ground and violated the law of the Senate.
#SayNoyNToSocialMediaBill
Using the #SayNoToSocialMediaBill, Nigerians are on Twitter to express their opinions:
In a statement, Amnesty International appeals to the use of "thinkable laws " because it will not kill Nigerians "ritten people of the heart" and "nounce their opinions in prison for "inciting them.
In a statement and interview, the proposal is embasing a law that has no interest in citizens.
Despite this, political leaders led to a statement on the world.
The Chairman of the Twitter party has caused ethnic hatred, unrelenting reports and interviews during the 2019 presidential elections.
continues:
The social media caused ethnic hatred, reports that were unveiled and deceit during the 2019 presidential elections
Twitter became a stadium for a statement during the Nigerian election in 2019
In view of the freedom of speech in Nigeria, the majority of authors from the book of the United States Toni Morrison who won the hearing:
This is the time when the artists are working. He has no longer for mercy, he does not need blood, no space for fear.
We said, we wrote, p..
The panel's proponent has been read on the second time of the Senate.
Before the law was established, he received a congressor of the Senate. and the Lagos State would report for the release of his interview for the Old Committee, to assess it for the next time, the president signed it.
We are concerned about the development of the Branch Committee as the congression of the social media.
For the most popular nation in Adultural countries will be forced to go to the government in pretrial detention immediately after the freedom of speech is established.
Tanzania’s high court demands for retrialization among the elderly and the child without regard to the restoration of his
"On is the best decision that the building will make"
Children’s schoolchildren in Tanzania represents a picture of December 10, 2007. Fanny Schertzer, used with permission from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
In November 2019, Tanzania’s high court held a firm conviction for 2016 that ordered at least 18 years of age, daughter and a son.
The Tanzanian Senator made the decision to ensure that young women are fasting and that marriage is a safe marriage for a pregnant woman.
But on June 23, 2019, the Tanzanian government lost the appeal of the highest court, which remains: the prosecution of the 18th day before marriage, which adds power in Tanzania.
According to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), Tanzania is the highest level in the world.
The citizens of the world are eager to express their joy.
Some invited Rebeca Z. Gyumi, the accuser, and the one responsible for taking the lead in the case of the children.
Gyumi is the leader of the Msichana Initiative (Lomans for Youths), a non-sididious pandemic that has power power to strengthen young girls in schools.
Advised to end childhood in Tanzania
In 2016, Gyumi pointed out the power of the Law of Marriage; Law of Marriage Act, 2002 (LMA) that allowed a 18-year-old woman to marry.
According to a study of Tanzania Demographic and Health Survey (TDHS), a 36-4-9th-year-old woman was married before they were 18 years old.
The LMA Law congratulated a child's age of 14 years in pretrial detention, a parent for five-year-year-year-year-olds, when 18 years were the youngest for a boy.
As a result of his representatives, Gyumi explained that LMA has treated women as very young because she has given men more than women.
As a result, they said that the genocide was the right of human rights and that they had the opportunity to benefit from the education of children.
Gyumi appealed to the Supreme Court to abandon LMA.
Supreme Court does not exist.
But they found it true that the law was not legally violated for a year to reconstruct something in LMA.
As a representative of the judges, the government has been ordered to raise marriages to 18 years for women and men.
However, the prosecution prosecutor refused the registration of the Supreme Court:
With permission: I have received the registration of the #childmarriage.
continues: Mozambique demolished children as a crime
Appeals for reconstruction
During the eight-year-year-old months, the government planned to reconstruct the registration of LMA, which took the place of a five-year-year-old girl as a teenager.
Administrator Mark Mulwambo and Alesia Mbuya, advised women’s rights and traditions of traditional and religious law.
Ms. Mbuya notes that human rights have resulted in "farity of truth " and that the law has demolished the rights of young men and women.
He added that because young women are more vulnerable than a boy, the law laments that marriage can protect younger women from pretrial pretrial detention.
He further stated that the court failed to “turn the birthday of a child and a day of age for marriage”, which pointed out that it is the right of the country, the court should read for the day of marriage and the woman.
Administrators have quickly detained the reasons for being released from custody.
continues: Mozambique, Cote d'Ivoire promotes women’ rights and children
Television
The court’s ruling refers to absurding culture that is causing harm to girls and a variety of lawyers as well as the support of girls in Tanzania.
For the United Nations, in order to graduate from a female age in 2030, the government has to make a difference between the law and the use of constitutional law.
As a result, investigation revealed that the day to get married is related to a passport and an internet of paper (TDHS 201).
In Tanzania, it has a six-year-old girl who has not attended schools and who read the highest books or books.
In Tanzania, it is illegal for women to be pregnant or pregnant, but it is a yearning for law.
A young woman who is pregnant does not return to school even if she has children.
Salt bans with a child provides security for young girls, without considering how to enter schools.
In Tanzania, a young woman's marriage does not require education and education to end her studies, but according to the National Survey, 2017, she has recorded it.
This panel banned a better life for a student to complete their studies without delay.
However, a young woman who is stubborn still faces a law that has not returned to school.
The verdict of the Jamaica, Kanye West, is a controversial debate on “extremist”
The venue of Jamaica became an episode on the world.
Aye West sing at the annual CC BYSA-Love in Garden benefit, New York City, May 10, 2011. Photo by Jason Perse, 2011.
Mr. Kanye West has hosted the "p-uppromit's party to Kingston, Jamaica, shortly after the birth of the United States Major Major Major
This is the first time the player will remove his player from the United States, in the past, in the law of a foreign government that Ja has brought the program to him.
However, the party found out from the streets, which came up with the identity of the Jamaica who is selling on the market that is selling on the world's streets without permission.
During two days, the Emancipation Park, located in the capital city of Kingston, was in the capital city of Kingston, on the site of a spokesman based on the controversial debates of the West in 2018.
In 2002, the prosecution became "sultural for the 300,000 slaves" in Jamaica on April 1, 1838.
He may have been the first player on the part of the song, but he did not hold back from following him.
The Olivia Cyclotor of Olivia "Babsy" Grange beats opponents when he said that the venue’s venue was considered to be a part of the world's culture.
In addition, the residents of Kingston, who were very tired, washed the wounds and whispered as those who were leading to their homes.
Indeed, the party went on the stage, and tens of thousands of Neev people in Jamaica’s country enjoyed the revenue that the Jamaica’s voices commended their efforts:
The street news reports indicate that it is possible to be used by the Embassy (Roman) to win me-monini-scribling the identity of the Kingston, Jamaica and the long-tern bird.
I have made some investigations on the world and I have found out that after I am not grateful, I have met with their markets that are selling these identification sites and are taking place in the party..
According to Jamaica, the government has no longer paid to pretrial detention for “Jamaica’s “Jamaica’s or the demolition of the democracy.
He also saw for our music, Skato, Steady, Rock Steady, Reggae, and at the same time.
Jamaica is not quick to give attention to the performing of an important island to buy the owl.
If these markets are hosted in Emancipation Park, which makes more progress than clothing and citizens of Jamaica, as well as the use of the national marks in a special way.
I have observed that the Cultural Ministry of Culture and the Governing Body has already been planning to buy things.
I reasoned that the government had prosecutors.
Of course, the prosecutor still has the need to digitalize the use of the Jamaican lyrics.
Police attacks against “in Guinea as President Alpha Conde has refused to renounce
"The majority of the city have retired on this trial"
In Guinea's history, France has been sent to France 24.
Violence broke out in Guinea on June 14, which has caused many deaths and caused people to evacuate after the protest against the President of Alpha Conde, who has been attempting to change the law-based book for the third time.
The street of the capital city, Conakry, and other cities have become a threat to the law enforcement agencies and protesters.
The police station has used a new opportunity for them to use blood transfusions if it comes to the street.
The protesters have ordered six tons of genocide, which is a police officer in the province of Okel, and many have killed themselves.
continues: Devastates in Guinea have the authority to use the killings
Representatives have not turned forward to reconstructing their documents as presidential orders to be in positions for three times.
In truth, the prostitution took two years to win the presidential election. Conde, aged 81, to complete his season in February 2020.
The protesters are the most vulnerable people because the law is violated by the Human Rights Watch:
Translation Original Quote
Human Rights Watch today claims that the Federal Republic of Guinea has set a highway for a year, pointing to the safety of the country.
Local authorities have demolished an estimated 20 percent of the political parties and others.
Devastates have suspended in among those who refused to disclose and loaded hundreds of thousands of people.
Regarding the case of the political party, the governing body announces the activity that conflicts with one another: on the day of 13, the president Condeye wanted a public talk:
Translation Original Quote
Alpha Conde has invited social media and wanted to sit down as a motorcycle to solve the situation in the country.
However, Ahmeddia Traoooré, the presidential candidate, went to the next day of June 12, two days before the genocide,” for the political parties of the People of the State:
Translation Original Quote
The members of the political party are encouraged to be joyful on the street.
[the opponents’s venue has caused problems, we invited those from the group to find ways to escape the problem, not to fight against anyone, to safeguard your own property.
All prosecutors are accommodated to see their faces.
Scribalguinee has caused bitterness in the community of opponents and human rights groups, as the globalguineeinfo states:
Translation Original Quote
On May 14, 2019, the Devil’s nephew was detained by the FNDC [NNDC), which is seeking to protect the book of Justice, the sons of Guinea raided on the verdict.
The incident took place in the regions of the capital city.
Devastating in the central part of the administration in Kalou.
Those in Central and the Guinea River have a call and join the rest of the country.
People have gone out of the country and Mounte Guinea.
However, many cities have turned back to the government on this road.
On the head of annbere.org, received interviews with Mali, a spokesman of Adam Thiam wrote:
Translation Original Quote
The events are currently in Guinea, with the sounds which were taking place, have swept away protesters and killed hundreds of them on the streets, the bosss, all the railways, the railways, and
The citizens of the world are intrigued by social media:
Like Blaise Compaooore [the Burkinabé) Alpha Conde is heading for destruction, is it difficult to hear your family's voice?
Before coming to know. Now, the boat is flooding.
On April 15, a spokesman of Guinea Bhiye Bary wrote:
Hamdallaye (#onakry): Police have kidnapped citizens in this morning.
According to one person, police are knocking and caring for the homes of the householder.
S. Nkola Matamba, a writer and a fellowman of our Congo State, expressed concern for the welfare of our fellow citizens:
A former opponent, who wanted to change his own law for the third time, whether it would be an extremist until the season arrived, Alpha Conde is an example of the causes for the backing of IAdla.
Brothers in Guinea, arrest!
#E #E – it’s difficulty for the Condede State to last for the only days when people were killed.
The prosecution of the president’s rankings is the largest Amoulanfe— Cheikh FallTM ( cypher007) – 14, 2019.
The Congo Macky Darsalam said it has been a step to reach the community’s minds:
The opposers of Guinea also lacked security during the attack: opposition representatives of all were not involved in the constitutional constitutional debates by day 11, 2019.
The violence against these political parties has won a special way, and Idiaguinee.org wrote:
Translation Original Quote
.... the president of the Republic Forces (URF) located in the city of Sidya Touré, a group of opponents and administrators have organized the protests on the day of protests in the region.
The attack came to the end of the election of the six people who do not know the name and the party of the political party.
#Sexexex OGrades: Depression has exposed sexual pressures in the O-A-Ano-Acts
Discouragements cannot be reported
Boniface Igbeneghu, a professor of Lagos State, has been able to play this game with people on several occasions (The BBC #SexGrades)
#Sexexexex OGrades, a BBCC translation program that sets out to play a game with students in Nigeria, and Ghana, like the internet in Nigeria, which has drawn the verdicts in the venue.
The investigator, who came out on June 7, 2019, when Mr. Kiki Mordi said he didn’t want to do with his former cupkeeper who was taking him in the test because he didn’t do so in his door:
Boniface Igbeneghu, Lagos, who was accommodated with students in BBC surgeries.
Photo by BBC #SexGrades.
About a few hours have exposed the acts of activism” in the Nigerian University of Lagos (UNILAG) in Nigeria and the University of Ghana.
Boniface Ineghu, who was not interested in the UNILAG, and the Fourquare Gospel Congregation, Lagos, was also a member of a group of ordinary students.
Igbeneghu in the BBC program, who stubbornly suspended a 17-year-year-old girl who had been studying with the BBCne, said: Ighu:
Do you not know that you are a beautiful girl?
Do you know that I am a clergyman and I am 50 years old if I want to please and money........
At a meeting with the two, Igbeneghu was killed, and the young woman was not surprised and gave up on the street.
The Foursquare Congregation has called Igbeneghu to stand " in the work of the good news".
The Lagos State Council has also detained Igbeneghu from school and has called on the streets of the company called "yarns", who have been hosted in social events.
Devastating events last year
The venue has drawn a mobile phone in Nigeria on the #Sexexexexexdes in Twitter.
Many of the players in Twitter have expressed their sadness over their experience on the likeness of sex:
On the end of the year and writer, Senator explained " It’s very great care" when an executive winned a coach (DVC) handed a place where he should not be touched by:
Women’s homes of Nigerian church have been damaged by women.
Yet, because of the shame of those who have committed suicide, this is not easy and it is not easy to give up for the activists.
In 2016, the Senate issued a five-year-year sentence for the prosecutor who was convicted by the court as a "gital law in the Constitution".
However, the Nigerian Federal Commission resigned from this statement, claiming that it treats young people, because he opposes the students and that he is aware of the authority and power of the higher school.
The certificate acted on the basis of the legislation, which is not the president’s handwritten
Did the #Sexexexexex of the #ChurchTo new?
In this year, Mr. Dakolo’s filmmaker, Mr. Dakolo, charged the year of Vethan, the Tealth of Zion (COZA) at the age of 18.
Further: A priest or a murderer?
The Evangelizer of the Congress
For the past six years, Fákeke has seen the appeal of rape.
However, Dakolo's interview has issued a complaint against Fábode on the world as an extremist.
For a few days, the building of the worship; #ChurchToo, like me in the world #MeTo,
The accusations were made from the world to protest on the streets in the cities of Nigeria, such as Lagos and Abuja.
The #ChurchToo observed the building #Churchio urged the government to “extremist violence of women and girls.”
The #ChurchTo opens up on the basis of "bassing the increasingly multiple culture, especially in Nigeria.
She gave women the opportunity to discipline their mouth.
Like the #ChurchTo, sporting games for the #Sexexexexdes has called for a reason for the abuse of power that women are not sincerely interested in in public.
Will the sign of the world's agent make it a pledge that will ask for a better education education to be a safe place for women?
It will be only time and time.
The only music building in Zanzibar has wanted to be destroyed
Dhowown Swahili Swahili Congress
School students from the Dhow (DCMA) are qanun, sponsored, and feared at the Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Thousands of visitors visiting the city of Stone Town, Zanzibar, already filled with the latest sounds of the Mass Dhow (CMA), a musical song that is playing around the islands, and the lyrics that are drawn by the lyriclos
Since 2002, the school has played a role in the development of Arabic music, India, and the Unknown Administrator.
After 17 years of age, the school did not earn enough money in the bag and caused the school to be destroyed.
In a statement published by the DCMA, 70 percent of the students have lost their school prices as well as $13 USD a month.
With the support of the kind people who have paid for the school, the price is still in revenge that he has made it possible for the school to be located in the House of Affairs.
Without adequate income, students DCMA and employees are afraid of the sounds that go out of the famous building that caused the island to sing in the dark.
The school's home is the only song and culture and heritage but a home for the youth who lives in harmonious locations.
DCMAun is a student, a musical instrument from Darab. Photo by DCMA.
"A [tisly ] will be able to face difficult times", the Chiefa DCMA, Alessia Lombardo, in the DCMA video photo.
Since then until six months of this season, we have never seen a stereotype that we will pay for the months of schoolteachers and workers".
During this time, the illustrations of the instructors and other employees have worked for three months without paying for the lack of money in school.
According to the Global Federal Constitutional Court, with the knowledge of the area where the school is for the tournament of the coast and the highest levels, even if the need is greater.
For 17 years, DCMA has worked as a laborer by using music as a metaphor and Zanzibar culture.
Stinchrom, Siti Biad Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, also known as Bi. Kidudede, Zanzibar, is the home of a lyrics that are part of the culture and culture of the Skahili.
In today’s world, a student can sing such music as poarab, ngoma and bodumbak, with a squad of qanun and Oud, as a democracy and culture.
Neema Surri, who was violin in DCMA, has been playing electronic devices for nine years since the DCMA's DCMA video photo.
"Mo know young youths who will be interested in music but they are not able to pay a school education because they are dead and have no jobs "
DCMA's students were playing a musical instrument in the House of Affairs, where the school was detained, Stone Town Zanzibar, 2019. Photo by DeMA.
At the end of DCMA's schools, which have received a book and at the end of a year, many students in DCMA have been detained and players around the world.
Mr. Zanzibar, former former student DCMA, who is a student student at the same school, Amina Omar Juma with a group of members of the group who are "witting the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyricc
He, a group of players and team members of DCMA at one time played their first song on the "Fusing the Roots"" in 2018, ngunding them in Sautiza Busaran, the first song in the first place.
The song of Siti and “Nielewe” (Nielewe) and the image of the song) has shown a picture of a woman who is seeing a surgery and who is using her own words. The account of Omamar Jumara:
continues: Oyoes and Administrators sing against women.
History of culture and relationship
A total of 15 visitors have watched games, received education and musicians on the night of the famous school in the statement.
The school school school has made use and congression of "hohow", located near the Indian Sea and the Persia.
A region of Omani Sultanate, who was the "vior of the powerful sailors from 17 to 19th in Muscat to Zanzib in 1840.
From Stone Town, Omani's kings were caring for the season, including psychiast, gold, and gold, due to typhoons in the winds of Arabia.— dhows: Indian from India, from Indian to Oman Ola.
The young men in Zanzibar are looking for a big thing for their future, doing what we see in modern music.
Several students and teacher DCMA set up "TJaz" without this, which is the traditional traditional music and Jazzz song today.
Ata violin, Felician Mussa, a 20-year-year-year-old for the three years; TaraJazzzzz is one of the most popular players on the island, in the photo by Aquelle:
Avia Swahili recounts an internet of traditional culture that DCMA continues to progress with her lyrics .
Each year, the school also hosts the "O Swahili", which makes the players from IAdican City, Appeal, and Northern U.S.
At the end of the "bassion", the new player will beat Sauti za Busara, and these interactions will become unknown to us that the language is the same language.
DCMA plays musical instruments for singing songs and displaying a friendly relationship with a guest in Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019 DCMA.
DCMA knows how music can be a powerful influence on people and how to treat others without the habit of viewing the culture.” It also provides opportunities for the youth who is working with them.
For the 1,800 students who have been trained in DCMA, this is the only location of a musical facility, where they are playing and learning about the music industry.
A traveler from Spain, who visited DCMA, visited this story, wrote to TripAdvisor: "For, I'm, when it's the most player for me on the island".
While Zanzibar's transition, DCMA believed that music played a role in the internetry, genocides, and episodes of the campaign, the heritage and heritage of the Swahili.
Zanzibar is more than the ports and the administratory buildings.” It is a place where many people have talented in their heads because of the environment's unique relationship.
Appeal Appeal: The author has worked with DCMA.
The killings continue to kill people in India
Superstition and lack of advisation-itch-ting in India
A car with Jamshedpur in Jharkhand. Photo by Anumeha Verma
On June 20, a group of eight elderly people were killed in the Gumla region of Jharkhand, India, after being accused.
According to the report, the elderly were killed by the death of a man, the Panchayat Congress.
The four elderly ones were evacuated from their homes, and the men who were injured were detained until one of them was killed.
Each of these people has been in the police station.
According to the General Times of India, hunting in Jharkhand has sent 123 people in between 2016 to April 2019.
Throughout the country, 134 people were detained for the charges of “extremist” in 2016, as the Federal Council of the Federal Republic was released.
Typhoon Devastates
"On in Jharkhand" Prem Chand, Olululululu and Chairman Free Legal Aid Committee (FLAC) said in Jharkhand in a interview.
FLAC has been acting in harmony with the law against hunting in Jharkhand.
The company began working in the region in 1991 when neighbors accused a woman that she was killed by a boy.
It is no wonder that he was attacked by people of cacaine and murdered his husband and son.
He killed himself.
During Prem Chand and his fellow students visited these men, they faced challenges:
They were told that they were standing on the street where they were charged.
They also believe that if the blood of the venue is called upon the ground, it will lose its power.
Prem Chand said it was part of citizens:
During the street, poor women tend to beat themselves.
The Adivasis people, Harijanss and Dalits are those who have been detained by the Adivasis.
The dignity of women and streets involves the law of right to the world for the dignity of all people.
Social Rights and Publicity
Administrators say that the killings in the country are causing the livelihood.
In addition, health care and poor health care are linked to the environment where these livelihoods have won as a closure.
These cases have indicated that it is a rumor .
With the law of the Indian states regarding predatorship as illegal, these victims found it as a safety measure.
They are also criticized for taking advantage of women, using the power of vengeance or violence against women.
Prem Chand said:
It's easy to believe that immediately after you call a woman, you can be submissive to her for abuse.
However, it is important to recognize that women are used to be sexually abused by the immorality, and it is not a valid reason.
In the case, despite the discipline, killnchayat is often criticized, especially if it does not command corruption.
On the door to killnchayat chosen, some called themselves chayat denchayat’s position without any authority in the country.
These groups are subject to social media and human suffering and no one has caused them to leave.
Ajmer in the province of Rajasthan in 2017 was killed by a three-year-year prison term that led to the death of a 40-year-year-old woman.
According to the law, the court acted in harmony with these issues whether from the killings of panchayat that were elected and killed.
However, those who have been injured have the opportunity to constitutionalize law to ensure that the colonies of cacaraine are well-extremist.
Indian witchcraft
Jharkhand has made the first number of societies related to hunting is not the only state.
In Chattisgarh, Odisha, Gujaratal Bengal Assam, Bihar, Maharashtra, and Rajasthan have been underway.
In 2014, Debjani Bora, a desolation of Indian denounce has sustained widespread damage.
According to Debjani, he was accused of killing many people in the village of Cherekali from 180 letters from Guwahati, the capital of India.
The leader of the village prayer l’’s village named him, who was punished by villagers.
In 2017, Rajasthan is a coach.
Among this is a 40-year-old girl, Kanya Devi, who was killed after her family accused her in the Ajmer region.
Devastates and Refugees
People are prosecutive for their works: death of a man or animal, the rain, the fruitage of the seed, and the presence of the seed.
The attack against these women (in some men) thinks like wild beasts.
At times, the charges and violence will come from their relatives.
Some live and speak their stories and fight for their rights.
Chutni Mahato of Saraikela, Jharkhand, is one of them.
People from the region are called "tigress".
Since then in 1995, he has turned to the prosecutor of women with the backing of the government.
Chutni said that the lack of support he had made it difficult to fight against this immoral act.
The aftereffects from government officials and government for the work being done here.
However, I have suffered because of this immoral conduct.
If someone visits me for help, I will be on the side, he said in a interview.
Releasing Public Voices
Representatives and activists feel that people of all sorts have not lost their livestock.
The activists who are interviewed on this incident are convinced that the power and the support of the government and the support of the people is not the result of the unwanted
The best thing is that those who oppose this evil believe that it can change.
Prem Chand:
Efforts to end up to predatorship can violate the government’s policy of promoting social education.
Also, the leaders need to respect the debris of the election.
B. Vijay Murty, journalist and residents of Jharkhand, have been interviewed by the audience.
Carnival suspension in Myanmar
Ayeyar Maung is a magnitude for food. / Aung Kyaw Htet / The Irrawaddy
Aung Kyaw Htet, who wrote to The Irrawaddy, a journalist in Myanmar, issued the World Cup in harmony with the agreement between them.
Ayeyar Sein was three months old when the magnitude staff found him near E-omi Irrawaddy.
One verse has detained killers.
Professional officials took him to an elephant in the Bago region for treatment.
The eighth youth will find security in Wingabaw, a safe place for the unknown Myanmar
Another youth, Ayeyar Maung is also found.
Before the crowds began, the six-year-year-old has struck the cords.
And he squaded between stones that were found in Ayeyar Sein, and the other hand handwritten
However, he was released from the overseas and became a member of the camp last year.
Both were the oldest elephants in the camp; the oldest was four years old.
All of them have a story or another cause for suffering from humanity.
Some have never experienced their partnership, but they have been unthinkable after killing victims of the blood transfusions of their parents.
While at the Wingabaw camp, there are four young young children who have no parent at the same time providing food for the overseas.
They were allowed to go in the morning and washed in a small river near before they returned to the camp.
Now Myanmar is about 1,500.
But it is saddened because those who are responsible for their lives are not allowed to live in the world, but one of them is killed.
Iyun Tobago, who has been taking precautions, expressed that there is no way to change the road
Thesland's diefs on "Bleaching Alert Level One"
Iyun is like a yellow. From Matt Kieffer, CC BY-SA-SAB.0.
The muds of the oceans are already insecurable to support the energy of the Tobago and the islands.
We are also protected by the floodwaters (in the fishing place for traditional fishermans), which protects the harbor, which do not cause hurricanes to drop.
The Buccoo Reef, who is famous as a three-speaking suspension of tourists, has also been very suspended by
But after a newspaper on March 22, 2019, the Federal Reword published on January 22, 2019, which did not consider the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (OA) and Coref Watch Watch Watch Tower made the venue of Tobago Debagonate.
It is known, the federation can beat the second stage and cause the lives of these gadgets, other species of water and islanders.
What is the real cause of protest?
The liver and the coach are the leaves in the water leaves that continue to be healthy and lost.
These documents will give him the strength needed for development, but the change of water continues to weaken this relationship.
If water consumes more water than (including) the corals will be overturned and then lose enough food.
In the past, he will die; the body that will change will be known, from biodiversity and plants to bone.
The Median Academy declares that if we don’t want to do anything, the yellow will come up.
IMA recommended that the hosts and citizens of the floodwaters give signs in between 9 to 12 people.
The second stage will refer to accommodation throughout the world and death.
Why so many ?
According to Professor Ganase, Mr. Ganase has described the genocide in Tobago as the demolition of the floodwaters in the state of the state.
In a hotel, Ganase explained that the sea caused much of the heat and caused floodwaters especially the gbungrungbun Caribbean.
In fact, the 12-OA NOA Tobago raided the change in Lesser Antilles.
These stones in the area, such as Greater Antilles and Cuba, are now in the Second Category:
What is your suicide?
What is dangerous is the federation.
Because he will give food to fish, he is also standing as a house for fishers and fishers that have not been able to wash in the floodwaters, for this reason, if we lose the fish, the fish will go away.
And if you do not have enough water, that is the work of fishers.
Tobago at the home of a local tourist; the 40 percent of the island's interested tourists are looking for the floodwaters.
If the situation progresses, people will not find stones, the waves of tourism will stop and build up the hosts, such as housing, housing, education, and tourism.
If the winds continue to be victorious, it is important to keep power of water and shelter among the seas and the shores.”
The investigation has confirmed that yellow stones are accommodated at Tobago's shore.
During the 2018 Cyclone Region in West Indies in 2018, Professor John Agard said that this project will increase the number of storms and increases.
What can we do to stop?
Ganase said that these waterfalls are the primary cause of fishing and environmental democracy in Tobago.
Only if he is on his way, he will be able to return and grow:
The stones should be aimed for the thoughts, so that the work of the ransom makes the fisherflower and a good water that makes it grow again.
He added:
It is the key to reducing the environment, and the humanity has the right to ask for a good job from the government to provide for the reasons why things will be drawn, vessels, and education
We need to be controlled and keep our material things, whether it is a government or a large corporation that uses these resources.
It has become the government of the same island to announce the role of the world in the face of the ongoing crisis.
On June 11, 2019, the Governing Body of Barbadia Mia Mottley, who spoke at the capital of Geneva, urged major countries to change.
He said, the Caribbean island, "rifying at the time [the] is working for life ".
Ganase believed that the case was immediately reconstructed.
Everything he agrees to get a change and aggravate is to give him, he said, especially "i there" for those practicing politics:
As we look forward, it will not be easy, but there is another way out.
Back: Sports for Children
Storms for passports are like a sacrifice for tournaments
Sinegina (CC BYA-SA 4.0)
Photo by Jon Evans (C BY 2.0).
Photo by Georgia Popplewell.
In 2019, we refused to give the lawmaker, writer and cousin of Nigeria, to travel to the Nigerian Forum in Edinburgh, UK.
The Britain Administrative Committee said that they were not "conscious that the law would eventually leave UK after the end of the
The UK Congress appealed that the passport was reconstructed
Others are not able to see this. In the year 2019, UK officers, UK, were not allowed to have 24 children players working on the first of their team at the London School of Economics Africa Summit.
Administrators who have perfect reason to cope with genocide, didn’t find a passport that would play a part in the conference by “extremist plague”.
“We will not return!’
Only the suspension of the Conscientious Administration, who has been taking the ilils with a group is referring to the witchcraft that is taking him away from the heart.
Appeal 13 of the Representative Progressionals for Employment, Hearing "incision has the right to evacuate and return to the country whenever he wishes.
In fact, there are no passports and passports that are useful, it is not easy to use.
The question is a passport in some countries, and it is not found in another country.
In 2019 Henley Pasport Index, Japan, and Singapore are the most easily planned nation, especially during Angola, Egypt, and Haiti.
continues: “This book: Tanzanian stars don’t see passports in US US seasonal
The writer of Kenya Ciku Kimeria explained the value of living without "nouuuding to a passport".
The woman said that the passport didn’t raise people in another country because " you had to answer such questions as, “We are we here?"
If the panel asks, if the courtroom doesn’t answer them, the traveler may find himself online.
For the passengers who want to travel to the country where it is not accommodated, questions for passports are like offerings for the hungry customer.
Mr. Yoba, the Global Voices Commissioner in English, expressed his experience when he asked for a passport of Lisbon, Portugal, for the 2019 Commons Summit:
I was very saddened when I received a news report that I would speak the first talk at CCun in 2019 in Lisbon. . . .
On April 18, 2019, I started my birthday, and I had to pick up the passports for Liusbon to participate in the conference on VFS Global in Lekki, Lagos.
The conference began on June 9- 11- 2019 for the year 5 days of passports for evacuation.
I had to evacuate for Portugal, but I had not received my roadway back.
Sixteen days after the conference became a player, I took the job to take my roadway in VFS.
Devastates, sweet l’’s face.
A passport was a problem, and another was the high cost of passports that made it impossible for me to attend a conference.
I felt saddened because of the Nigerian Federal Constitutional Court that didn’t make it easy for the sea; I didn’t have to return the money to the owners.
I am very proud that they have supported my rights as an independent person to join my students.
My voice was destroyed!
Crisis: For the passengers who are traveling in the United States
It is difficult for citizens to go out of Iadow, but it is difficult to travel in the country.”
Millions of citizens in Northern Africa can travel to various countries in the country without passports, or without passports, even if it is not enough to travel.
The Media Contacts Nigerians Rosemary Abuja illustrates the "eternal killings in the middle of the country:
I am pleased because we are considering the situation of citizens in the country when they ask for a travel passport and what it is related to.
This doesn’t raise my mind as the lines of passengers traveling throughout the country.
In RightsCon, Tunis, and GlobalFact held in Cape Town, I asked the passportersmen if they needed transportation.
On this day of break, I felt that a Nigerian journalist could not be here in GlobalFact because he had no passports.
Let us not tell the passengers who have been detained to get Tunis.
In November, I met a journalist who came from Eastern Africa who questioned the passports for Nigerian passports. I requested a copy of the driver's certificates for us if he came to live in the airport.
According to Rosemary, a tour in the African country takes the road to evacuate from the country before a deadlier arrives at the roadway between Iadlah.
On a local Category conference from the World Cup (IATA) on Acccra in the month of Accra, Ghana, Mr. Mahadu Bamia wrecked 2-year-year-year-year-year-year-old for a few minutes of the Leilway.
The airlines are highly valued by the price of ananguage in the middle of the country.
Is it true that the Senate may not return home?
Earthquake Floodwaters on Canary in 2006.
Photo by Noborder Network. (CC BY 2.0)
During the 2010-2017-2017-2017, Nigerians from Southern Sahara are the largest city in the world.
Many Nigerians are fleeing their homes for the sake of hunger and discontinuity, from the end of the season, from the 20th or of the country in the United States or in Erophe.
According to Pew- 2018, the number of Africans from Southern Sahara "ti has increased 50 or more in the middle of 2010 and 2017, more than all of them were killed during the same time".
Administrators from Southern Sahara are moving abroad throughout the world.
In 2014, the Mediterranean occupants 170,000 non-gital passports have been underway to Italy.
He came from Southern Sahara City.
In November 2018, Brazil’s police offered 25-year-old people from Southern Sahara, who had been "shocked by the Atlantic for a month.
Administrators paid "yel of money" for Cape Verde. in May 2019, USstomstoms, US Rio, Texas, issued a law from the Ukrainian Republic, as well as the U.S.An Regional, by Iolkerationals, and Ilature of Ur.
It has been reported that the majority of the poor and war, including Marie-Laurence Flahaux and Hein Haas, from Oxford and Amsisterdam, have been viewed as a different story.
Flahaux and De Haas argued that you had not even thought to the attention of the human family as well as " industries and societies" and the
According to the investigation, there are no constant reasons why it is " the development of development and the change of society" which makes it clear to the world in the world the world’s world
These are the media, which are usually underway by passports:
Many countries believe that every traveler who is the Senate will not return to his country, if the traveler has the opportunity to receive a passport.
It is not easy to open the eyes of those who are not citizens regarding the bad name of the country that has come from Iadula.
Now, the Nigerians have a goal to be a passport for the passports of the passports. The only passport for all Nigerians in the country is not enough to be released.
Super African African Air Transportet (SATM) and Continental Freerade Agreement Agreement, also last year, have been replaced by these developments.
At this time, it is the effort to travel in the country to gain the experience of those who are traveling abroad is seeing.”
As a result, travel passports are asking for sacrifices, and they are easily understood.
The social media are published by social media and ethnic media during the Nigerian elections
Depression on social media during elections
President on March 28, 2015, as he was in Abuja, Nigeria. Photo by Abuja, photo from the U.S. Department of Idika Onyukwu in Nigeria:0.
This is the first of the recent news news in Nigeria during the 2019 elections.
You can evacuate the second half of the story here.
The Nigerians took the elections to elect the president and a new panel on June 23, 2019.
Two coaches of the presidential candidates, the president, who was on the side of the 15 elections winning him, Atiku Abubakar, with "cension to 41".
Buhari has been detained for the second half of the year 29, 2019.
Read: #NigeriaDecides2019: What you need to know about the recent elections
However, all that he believed was made by the campaign, without explosion.
Devastating hate speech with discrimination and media helps such as the world's airport, killbambai on Twitter's win.
Depression in Nigeria
A variety of –s including 250 and 500 – has been a source of untruth rather than security.
This proved during the election of the political parties, the prosecutor declared elections.
From the land, social media in Nigeria has not gone away from hate.
We read: Nigeria: Devastates of hate hate hate hate.”
During the 2015 season, for example, for the Twitter Council in Nigeria became an internet of competition and competition between the two retired coaches, Goodluck Jonathan (PDP Jonathan (PDP, Ashjaw) and President MuhammaduAPC, Ilauso.
Twitter became accustomed to democracy and materials for the party.
Some think that 2019 will be a reality because Buhari is a member of the All Progress (APC) and Abubakar from the Federal Government of Human Rights (PDP) and both are Hausa Fulani, but also found.
Administrators – Guard Against Democracy (APC), Yoruba, and Peter Obi (PDP), son of Igbo, was a retired citizen.”
He wanted to reconstruct in 2015 but in other cases.
Everything about the Nigerian political crisis in 2017, two years before elections, and the lack of political neutrality.
The Biafra Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), who is the leader of Nigeria, Nnamdi Kanu’s national team.
We read: While hate speech is increasing, Nigerian writers have taken action
In the northeastern Nigeria has caused religious opponents to fight against Nigeria on the south.
Administrators of the Federal Government’s Representatives “Id the release of the Chairman of Imale on south as a result of the sensitism.
Nigerian government has advised Nigeria to investigate the attacks and "philic those affected by law", which also caused the death of some 4- 2015 to 2018, as the Amnesty International has been recorded.
Since the end of the year 2019, Nigeria has been detained as a presidential election.
He has been able to report on social media – and online – – – – during elections.
Opposition and faith in Nigeria
The number of social media in Nigeria has increased from 98.3 in 2017 to 100.5 in 2018.
Facebook is the highest number of Nigerians, along with 22,000 people, agreeing on the photos of YouTube (Tube) and especially tweets, Twitter (in 6, and Instagram).
Among the 84 Nigerians who registered for the Nigerian Regional Regional Regionals—201201 percent of the 35th and 35 years of age and 36.
These two days, including social media and social media and social media, are the majority of Nigerians.
For this reason, it is not surprising that a social media is designed to end up with the campaign of 2019.
As a result, he found it difficult to hear news of the world.
The message of the good news is unknown to be declared right, and both members of the most prominent party in Nigeria have been attacked by the All Progresives Congress (APC), and the People’s Partwan State.
As a result of February 28, 2018, and June 29, 2019, the hate speech of bullies is a threat to the unknown news that has been appealing to the two political parties in Twitter in the country during the 2019 presidential election.
These documents are evacuated from the world on this occasion.
When it comes to social media, the APC Chairman expressed a grievance to Obi because he restored the mountains when he was in the state of Anambra, in southeastern Nigeria.
The Typhoon spread across the farm that said the Nigerians are becoming increasingly active in Lagos. These stories will be considered white in the second half of this issue.
Image at Festus Keyamo
Images 2: Scribbled by Keyamo's image on the right.
For example, we used a photo of anonymousous cart. on May 28, 2018, Festus Keyamo, a director of the Ministry of Public Information for Buhari, exposed a picture of a wooden tree with a ticket:
The passports in 1999 to 2015....
As a result, the railways are returning back to the world.” PDP are planning in 1999 to 2015.
Finally, the Twitter player, a Nigerian denominer, signed a copy of the picture in the language of Arabic 2, which was sold in the month.
The Typhoon testified that the image came from Lebanon.
Keyamo's request is to indicate that Buhari’s administration has improved the roadways that have been detained by the government.
However, the other map that used to say the "clubbbly "imately.
Images 3: Devastates of hatred
Images 4: El-Rufai apologized for "indulting can be caused by violence.”
Devastating hatred caused aggression in the past, during elections and elections.
The Bashir El-Rufai, Mrs. Kaduna, said it was a rude of anger that caused the Nigerian Army.
In 1967 to 1970, Nigeria fought a bitter battle with the city of Biafra, a city of Igbo in the southeastern Africa, which is planning to separate from the Nigerian government.
However, as Bashir El-Rufai noted, the end of the 2019 election, APC, should be seen as “extremist” from the Hausa Fulani.
He returns to apologize, after he has been detained, gave excuses for "inciting updated " he can cause trouble " as we see him in the photo.
He also caused the complaints to come (Noman 3).
Traditional Reports held during elections distributed two references: unanknown newspapers and newspapers.
Miroslav Tudjman and Nives Mikelic, a letter from Zagreb, Croatia, issued a report that would not be considered "extremist to mislead people".
The importation of the media, which is misleading and distorted.
Tudjman and Mikelic say the history of history is more interested in the media than in the media.
Because the stories of "mass change the attitude of one person" by "discriminating or sensitivity during the internet's interning session".
According to this, the history of the media continues to be a part of the media for political reasons and a change of view.
Because of the recent elections in 2019, news and social media are spreading unrest in the aftermath of the news that has caused "back for the end of the election. "
The second part of this article will examine how this has happened on the world, especially on Twitter, with a few examples.
This article is part of the Federal Federal Congress, adviser of the Tuimbabin newspaper, Nigeria’s profile activism, Nigerians, on seven times in the country.
Africa Digital Rights Fund and The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
In Kenya and Ethiopia, these men were able to see the "the right and God’s way to evacuate the landscape
Both men say that God has rescued them
Dunbar in southeastern Ethiopia, Mohammed Yiso Banatah left without using anything.
Allah l'oho has authorized the building of God for the marriage arrangement.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein, used with permission.
On November 26, BBC Swahili published a picture picture pictured by Francisco Ouma, an older man from Busia, Kenya, whose genocide was in place.
The vision came about by a picture of how it appeared on his dreams.
Since the second month of June 1967, Ouma has followed the genocide and received her dreams.
Today, the venues of her land have a 24 room and continues.
The image of Francis Ouma, which is God’s voiced to thrill down on 24 BBC Swahili / Instagram.
For a long time, many people have no evidence that such dreams are the kind of dreams, which are detaining the mental health of the one who
However, the Imale religious group, the Jews and the Constitution of the faith have witnessed from the God of a dream for thousands of years.
"Jehovah has shown me something like a map", Ouma told BBC Swahili.
At that time, when I was living in the country, I won the photo.
It's not only when I'm going, it's the best for me to go, at all.
He used both Ouma and two talents, including plastic stones that didn’t make it easy for him.
He saw a place where he would make a photo on the grounds of the God who is in his heart come true.
In one garb, he had a stone written by Jesus.
Jesus Kristh is the one who came to me, Ouma said, and explained it to me as he did for Moses.
Ouma believes that she is bringing back to life with God.
The second is on the road.
This is the first step.
The second is on the road.
I don’t know exactly what will be this because if I declare it, I can choose human rights.
As a result, I will wait for the venue, Ouma said for BBC Swahili.
BBC Swahili has been accommodated for 50,000 times with 100 responses.
Some have expressed concern for the mental health of those who are thinking that they are speaking to God in the eyes of a dream, after many of the people who have been tortured after the dreams.
Instagram wrote:
Translation Original Quote
For me, the people now, I really believe them, more than those who are using God’s Word at the house of worship, for 52 people, if it doesn’t happen, shouldn’t you be identified by your neighbors and the government?
He has not asked for the help of the readtakata or money for his ordeal. We are not alone.
Mohammed Yiso Banatah, 2012, explained the ten dreams that Allah expressed to him in the dreams of getting rid of God’s house for marriage.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein.
God’s House for Ethiopia’s wedding
In the south of Ethiopia, a mature adult named Mohammed Yiso Banatah, in the year 2012 that Allah appeared to him in 33.
In the eyes of the dreams, he veiled the voice of Allah to denounce the venue of God’s house for the wedding in the land.
It is known on Dunbar's side, the home of God is located in the Banatah, a halfway of the Hawasa and Shashae.
Banatah says in his three dreams he has found a model for these buildings.
You can read the opening words of Banatah at the beginning of the dreams and the long-force before it comes here:
In the opening dream, a man appeared to have taken Mohammed to a small tree in his garden, and he drew attention to him.
The man gave him a spot and told him that he would be saved.
On occasion, he saw gold.
The area that is close to the road, the things that have become drawn close to him.
It is said where it will be in the past, when it comes up and how to go .
On the other hand, when he came to the earth, he apologized to him only without using him.
These landslides have become a very expensive venue for the people to beat four medals in the country.
Some prosecutors have established marriages.
While these chickens are displayed in Mohammed's psychologists – he has shown a lot of hours for the suspens, and works of roads to the walls, along with the walls, from the Mohammed buildings, and from the other suncloths known in the windows of the ves.
From ancient times, the caves below have been considered an example of spiritism.
A complete book called "Al Kahf" or "From on the ground" is part of the book Kuran.
In it we find the history of a religion known as "Lof, which in which young people were killed, because of their faith in the city, they were evacuated and came to a place of cakes.
When they were awakened, they returned home and noticed that all citizens are alive.
For what reasons did Donald Trump make l'mer in Nigeria?
Trump said Nigeria’s love has grown in southeastern Nigeria
President Donald Trump returns to the Washington Continent in 19, 2018.
Photo by Samira Bouaou “The Epoch Times, CC BY 2.0.
Nigerian President Donald Trump has demolished the world over which his laws and how he acts in a foreign country.”
Notably, the Pew Research Centre’s investigation indicated that Nigeria’s spokesman "the Nigerians" believes that “extremist "ciples have been accustomed to globalization".
Mr. Gallup – a social media interview and interviewer in Washington, DC drew attention to the opinions of the people for Pew.
A Tweepsmap's interview on the number of those on Twitter's Twitter’s verdict is considered to be the fifth place in five countries in the world:
Author Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani released the world for an independent interview with the BBC, that the appearance of "friend manslayers" caused the nation's citizens to be especially interested in the world.
People are interested in his violent disposition and that he has been disappointed by the lack of speech.
The United States’s citizens saw human nature.
His attitude is indecisive.
It is not someone who claims it.
But he is not talking to us as he does not like to be new to us.
As a result, the United States has been affected by his attitude.
Another reason is religion.
The Devastates of Publicity
Cheta Nwanze, head of the SBM Intelligence, told Global Voices:
He made me know IW who had been investigated in Nigeria.
I know that it is not across southern Nigeria, which explains the love of Nigeria in Trump.
Many of her favorite players, who look at her as a good model.
Nigeria, with a population of over 200 people, has two major religions: faith and Imale.
Administratives and traditions have led to 50 and 48thth numbers of people in Nigeria.
The investigation indicated that the investigation was "il of State government and distribution in the region".
However, there is no mention of Adamawa, Borno, and Yobe in northeast Nigeria in the United States on the basis of the search for security.
Nigeria has 774 government, a local branch office. He also has six administrations.
Central Northern Northern Africa, Northern, Northern, Northern, Northern, Angola, Southeast, southeast, and Eastern Africa.
Nwanze, who is the most educated person in southern Nigeria, has ever studied the Pew Research Institute.
The investigation also indicated that many Nigerians supported Krísth in Nigeria "sayed the US as a good city (in 69) is far better than it was seen in 54".
After killing Mr. Iran Qasem Soleimani, the U.S.A.s ., the police published admiration throughout Nigeria to destroy the "ogun".
Nigeria’s Congress described the killings of guns from above that US murdered Soleimani as "cension to War".
Trump has been described as “speaking one of the world leaders in this season having a strong heart.”
However, Nigeria is interested in the welfare of Nigeria.
Twitter became a social media site during the 2019 World Cup in Nigeria
The Twitter Democracy of Democracy
Photo by Nwachukwu Egbunike
This is the second part of the story of two references on social media, economic and social media during the 2019 elections.
You can read first.
In the country of Nigeria, social media are a source of widespread corruption and corruption.
During the 2015 election, Twitter Nigeria led to violence and communication between the twoduate journalists who followed the time, Goodluck Jonathan (the PDPPP, who was not the son of Ijawul) and the APCula of Haasa.
Typhoon became instruments for ethnic hatred and political debates.
The election of 2019 has not changed.
On 15, February 15, the Media Congress (RSF) summarizes their opinions on the campaign of "extremistism ".
Nigerians also expressed their feelings.
Abdulbaqi Jari said:
Policies and politics in Western countries
In the latest survey of Dani Madrid-Morales in Huston and Herman Areman in the Cape Town school of Cape Town reported that they had been using social media in Southeast Africa and South Africa.
Numerous reporters on social media especially during the campaign are causing "treated " among those who are using social media " because they are seeing social media, Madrid-Mora
My investigation lasted between January 28, 2018 and June 29 and June 29, 2019 on January 23, 2019, in Nigeria, on June 23, Senators were elected to the Federal Congress and Senates of Senates.
Representative New World Report
Peter Obi, the second of Atiku Abubakar, a member of a political party (PDP), is one who has suffered the effects of the recent genocide.
Obi was a former governor in Anambra State in southeastern Nigeria.
A Typhoon’s campaign against Buhari-Osinbajo, Coalition of Buhari-Obajo Movement distributed a Typhoon 1, which accuses Obi of the northern Nigerians from the state of Ambra when he was governor.
Photo by Coalition of Buhari-Ocanjo Movement, who accuses parents of the northeast to their country.
Department 2: Photo by Nasir El-Rufia
The state Governor of Kaduna and a member of the political party, Nasir El-Rufai, led the charges, demolished the charges, detained 2 kilometers.
El-Rufai's response to the presidential election did not cause Obi.
Eleven: A governor in Nigeria has not given a foreign government: Senate us to return to your city to the dead
What really happened?
Vanguard's company reports that in November 2013, many Nigerians from Igbo returned to Lagos to the same location in the region of Upper Iweka", which is popular in Onitsha, Ambra.
Obi, the governor of Anambra State, described this act of behavior by the former Chairman of the Lagos State as "nouuding by the law and human rights of people who became citizens".
After the bleeding, Premium Times reported that Obi was guilty of such a complaint:
In 2011, he returned to the Ebonyi and Akwa Wherem, southern Nigeria.
Department 3: Photo by Jubril A. Gawat
When Obi returned to Southern Nigerians, the charge of Twitter Twitter’s retired Group of Coalition of Buhari-Osinba Movement did not improve.
In fact, the APC member of the group was "suing the people of Northerns 70 to Kano because they were asked for a report on the Sahara Reports.
The APC party is advised to use the genocide to denounce the genocide.
For example, Jubril Gawat, who was appointed governor of the latest press (Aka 3) issued a venue for Atiku Abubakar’s venue “bearing for Igbo.”
Nigeria is a nation with a very different message.
The political parties often use blood transfusions as medicine in elections because they need to distribute people to the “wawa”” group".
Therefore, they believed that Obi was charged with overturning the Northerns to renounce persecution between Igbo and Hausa, who caused Nigeria’s War.
Their opinion with the campaign of this kind is to show Obi as an activist for Biafra.
Nigeria’s ethnic group, many of whom were Igbo, attempted to evacuate the country through a three-year battle between 1967 to 1970.
Therefore, they intend to use the first of the 3 branch that says "Jehovah is for Atiku tomb for Igbo.." awakens the innocent body in the midst of Hausa and Igbo.
During the 2019 election, Atiku was formerly accustomed to evacuating from Nigeria.
The account at 1 to 3 shows strong thoughts that are strong enough to wake up and that have been detained, yet in both cases.
According to the UNESCO report, this type of slavery is one of the “intensifying the negative effects of the injury” and disclosing the report".
The campaign against homosexuality is a powerful threat to the heart of those who are distressing, and it makes this known as an extremist.
The report that Nigeria’s children in Lagos have been abused by the Igbos
Attempts 4: Twetter photos of Twitter and removed from Chioma from the history of the Igbo was reported to be burned in Lagos.
Also, the PDP group used the genocide to demand more than APC in Lagos State.
Screenshot 4 and 5 depicts Typhoon from a PDP, who claims that the people of Igbo have been playing fires in Lagos.
The report was the case, and the Lagos State Police Department quickly showed the right to kill him.
Representative Facebook's account uses every photo of the Department 4, with a picture of the horrific channel.
African Check concluded that this photo was an absurd image of protesting on February 24, 2017, which took place in a region near Pretoria in South Africa.
According to a Typhoon, the ECHR has been detaining Nigerians in Lagos.
Advancement to achieve the peace of the political parties
On March 13, the Chairman of Souljah (Aka 6) said Ballard Partners, who was considered a Nigerian Alukoro's company in Washington DC, to make a public campaign against the president of the Pbubakar.
On March 5, the report by Brian Ballard, the Ballaril Ministry of Ballard Partners detained Ola Saraki, a candidate for the campaign of Abubakar.
The Souljah spread around a group of thousands of people, and thousands of people have been reformed for the reasons why he does not serve.
The election of the president on February 16 was restored to March on June 23, which would not be punished by the group of PDP with the results of a three-day investigation.
We read: Nigeria posts a total of 30 years in 2019 when an election has died for hours because of a different word and application.
Photo by Souljah
However, on February 13, Ballard Partners said that the investigation had not seen the results of the investigation (Aka 7) as described as "basador" and why they didn’t "vend any political investigation".
Ose Anenih, a member of the PDP, accuses the APC Chairman of Typhoon who made the story to the appeals to the appeal of Nigerian police and the prosecution of the federation, to “extremist and illegal "
But this is not the first time the prosecution of the political parties will be issued during elections.
Chairman 7: Photo A Typhoon from the Ballard and Partners, whose investigation has been described as an activist.
Many of the president's
Department 8: Photo by Lauretta Onochie, from Lauretta Onochie, from Lauretta Onochie, a assistant for the president
On January 4, 2018, Lauretta Onochie, a former assistant for Buhari [the president’s former president’s executive compensation round at 8) photos of food and 500 policies, were distributed in northeastern Sooters for the campaign
Onochie's accusations were made clear even at a non-guilt location in “in the first month of the 2017 Chuba Ugwu, in a statement.
Onochie is an activist at the site of an activist. The panel of an interview (ICIR) has made more than 1,000 photos from Onochie on Onwittere, 2018, and April 31, 2019.
International Affairs: advice in Nigeria
Appeal 26 Nigerian law deals with "Lofying and verbal abuse of people because of their ethnicity, their religion, their relief efforts, or their country".
Those who are drawn by the crown will be kept in prison or pay the priceless prices that have not diminished 1028,000 or both.
In November of this year, Enough Enough Nigeria (EIE), a group of young people and Paradigm Initiative (PI), who was a member of the Senate and congressorships at the House of Onopo
The two organizations are " the first of the attacks on Onochie and Godpomi on the world" that they found that it violated the law of the Nigerian world on 2015.
Eleven: How will the election of Nigeria’s presidential election be achieved?
Many of the Twitter soldiers who are part of the Cyclone
Many of the above examples are not limited. They are actually trying to compensate the question as the truth.
This is not surprising because we see that APC and PDP have been the leader of the world to be able to "cribble in the world" on their own or to “extremist” during the campaign campaign.
Both are the "ternal military" of "pass in government or political parties that are given to the public performance to renounce their opinions on the world".
This year’s reconstruction of 2015, where APC and PDP played a role in spreading stories of slavery and interviews with amendments to ensure that politicians “extremist campaigns have been made by the Esmokhaus Mahon team.
This is done by “the social networks on the world "bit that they are distributing “extremist " and "extremist journalists to achieve political views".
As a result, Twitter became part of the social media and prosecution for the development of political parties ahead of the elections, during the elections and after the 2019 election in Nigeria.
This statement is part of the first venue in the Federal Federal Constitutional Court: seven, Nigeria, Nigeria, the prosecution of proposals and social media during a special internetational period.
Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Approximately, thousands of dollars have been found from the National Assembly for the construction of the Lagos State House and Affairs.
The Prime Minister of State and Idio, Mr.
Nigeria D'banj's artist D'banj is talking at the CAmiX in Cairo, Egypt, 2018. Dbanj told a reporter that “retream oils are very close and should be commended.
It is especially true that social media and social media have designed awesome development in the development of the Administrator, has played a role in improving the impact of environmental changes in society and culture.
In 2013, the Federal Economic Center (CI) earned 2,250 dollars of the United States, as well as an international community of 29.5 million people from the world.
As a result, the Federal Congress (Afreximbank) will include the UNESCO and the Federal Congress (Afreximbank).
CAX was in 2018 at the Olympic Games in Cauiro, Egypt, in Egypt, in August 2018.
The artists, artists, artists, artists, artists, artists, arts, poetics, poetics, photos, and interviews have been killed in January 16, 2019.
He advised himself to be " the first celebrating of the genocide that would gather the landscape in the middle of the IAromila cultures and cultures in the country, " which includes the first accommodation of the
On the second day of the event in Kigali, Professor Benedict Oramah, the President of the Federal Congress in the Brazilian Deputy (Afreximbank) announced the release of New Year’s wages for "nowing after the aftermath and spread of the seasons of the season.
Omarah took him to the hosts at the event to hear that the relief work would be richly rewarded by the construction of the Democratic Republic of the Congress, which would be available for those who want to be used for
He said, as IAdlayer had many talents, there would be no import for producing more fruits, such as Afreximbank explained.
He added:
Because of respect for social media and culture, IAdge is not in the brain's markets, and a lot of quarrels as shown in music, poetry, poetry, and international media systems.
The IAdicans are taking markets in more than selling seas or selling them in their morning.
He is able to provide for Egypt in the state of “turning the winds of the sea in the past ten years.
In November 2019, Afreximbank was released at the International Fashion Awards (IFA) International Fashion Awards (IFA) in Cairo for the role he plays in the back of the United States.
Omarah also commended the Sports Nollywood of Nigeria.
On Twitter's side, the audience expressed appreciation for the convention in Intare, which was located in Kigali:
In his talk at the 2018 Cyclone Stadium in Cario, Nigeria D'Banj told social media and admirators:
What we need to give you the opportunity to understand that fuel is the only fuel that many are approached and should be commended for the company.
CAX, who will be in the state of the Federal Embassy of Africa (IATF20) from 1-74 in Kigali, will be on Tuesday 2020.
Speak with Nigerian teams to mark the celebration of World Cup in 2020
R radio.—ome for untrained development and used it.
A man picked up a passenger interview from Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Maaji, the CC BY 2.0.
It is not a matter to say that the interview is a key to success in the development of the world.
The Nigerians invited the winner to give the person who is the crown" which makes the World Council of Education, Scientence, and Cultural Cultural Act (UNESCO) on May 13.
UNESCO has a long time to open the eyes of people into a positive impact on a positive life.”
They talked to Nigeria to speak up online online to mark the day of the day and to give a good witness to the development of the world.
"This media changes the economic impact of the media, but it is still the most useful to hear about the media.
George Bako made a statement at the International Convention in Lagos, Nigeria.
Photo by Yoba, used with permission.
FRCN — also known as Radio Nigeria’s Federation, is the first place in Nigeria, with a group of thousands of Lagosians throughout Lagos, on May 9, 97, Frodio and One 103:
Each member of the website—itencial and lyrics.” He is English, English, Hausa, Hausa, Igbo, and Igboe.
The interview was still the best way for the media in Nigeria. FM (FFF) was the most interested person, AM (SBB) by the European Journal of Mecasca Philippines.
In 2019, Nigeria Diary Radio Stations Ratings has confirmed that Bond FM was the first place in Lagos State as the most famous website.
As a result of the ceremony, local spokesmen throughout the country announced their interest for the radio:
Dan Manjang, a spokesperson for Plateau State, told them to speak at every opportunity to "venge the effort and effort and seasons of social media:
Nigerian Voices began in 1933 with stories throughout the Remocratic radio station (RDS) that claimed public speaking in a foreigner's appeals to the media.
In 1950, RDS picked up a new hanbod editary: Nigerian Voices (NBS) interviewed Nigerian Voices (NBS) while he became an independent Congressary of the Nigerian Voices (N
"The first radio station in Nigeria was released in Ibada in 1939.
In 1944, Kano was interviewed by the newspaper Legit.
Legit explains that RayPower FM, the first human radio in Nigeria, was released in 1994, when he died in 2007.
The Radio has worked as an accommodation for those who are in positions of authority, encyclopedia, arbitrary technical technical technical technologies, and admiration of the people.
In 2019, the Federal Voices (NBC) struck African Independent Television and RayPower FM in 2019 because he believed that he had been published by the government.
Additionally, in 2019, Jay FM, located in Port Harcourt, also stopped after being accused of the government.
Mr. Radio Nigeria described herself as "iling the interviews of thousands of years," and joining the international radio stations for the year 2020.
Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma'aji, used with permission in accordance with CC BY 2.0.
Cultural radio and promotion took place
UNESCO urged all the city to mark Global Voices in the development of social media, government, and international media.
This year's Global Voices International Convention, a 14th such as "Lof and Imprisonedness and Displayments.”
Nigerian football video awakens across the media that has a higher impact on people’s development and development of environmental education, education, and retrials in Nigeria.
This is especially useful during the state and disunity, insecurity in Nigeria.
Nigeria has an easy-year-old state in the world, 9 in Africa.
Since 2011, Boko Haram, a former Religious activist in Eastern Nigeria, has feared people’s heart and fear of the deaths that have caused many deaths, and many have been detained.
continues: Nigeria: The city that fails.”
In recent developments in Nigeria, the FRCN Voices issued a confiscation to mark the World Cup on 2020.
Everybody started with the 1,200 administrator on " Why do I have the desire to keep a radio" for high school students.
The students of the media organized a 5-year-scrimination program on special interviews for the development of developments. Two were winned by the winners.
The Materi Catholic Catholic Girls' High School, Regional School, He came to the first time he attended a radio meeting at the age of 5:
It seems that I was a 5-year-old when I started my interview.
I published her own ideas and spread.
I was very surprised to hear from the voice from the "hoboy" that I thought was part of it.
I asked my father about what was wrong and explained what the radio had to do with me.
On February 12, high school students, student students of the media, spokes and spokesman and spokesmans in the media and radio stations at Lekki Coliseum in Lagos to have a special discussion on the subject.
On February 12, high school students, student students of the media, spokes and spokesman and spokesmans in the media and radio stations at Lekki Coliseum in Lagos to have a special discussion on the subject.
Photo by Yoba, used with permission.
On the day of the day, a spokesman, Mrs. Representant Chairman Gani Adams, President Kakan and other guests assembled on Lekki Coliseum for the Administrative International Convention.
The prosecutors spoke like Cordelia Okpei and the others who attended the event.
For the most powerful part of the work and service work with the people who were held.
Each member of the group came to the end of the plans to win a passenger of the interested people, where he was asked to say “extremist of the World Cup” in various languages and languages:
Nobody participated in the ceremony. The voice of the Global Voices on Metro 97.7FFM read and listened to the news.
The Lagos Federal Congress Administration Advised by Nigeria’s Cultural Cultural Cultural Cultural Sports in 2020, as well as radio stations on the annual event.
The owner hoped that the Nigerians would be able to communicate with her own opinions.
Will a new standard be used in the future?
The Administrator of the National Council of Human Rights, Mr. Omoni of the House, on the seat.
He chose the image by the Storm.
The campaign of the World Cup in 2019 and the 202-2032 Years of the World Cup has appealed to many of the Africans in their special campaigns with the development of African countries.
Using a studio for Scribbling in English will be a suspended after a Carnival child has a democracy of Tourism, who lives in Monoman, Olayer of Africa.
The new English league has been working with hoping for a change of wine that has been already used for centuries and most.
According to the National High Commissioner for Global Voices in a public interview on WhatsApp, these specialists were dreamed of a dream.
He is now traveling throughout Nigeria to declare the "alath that speaks his word " as he has been sent by the team.
The patriarch Oddu said that the genealogies were used in the world and at the same time.”
These signs were all 25.
Administrators of the Federal Republic say that before the progress comes to the Administration, it is necessary to write or write down the rules of language.
Niger-Congo's official language, which is the language that is now available and is not based on suspension and experience.
Read: Scribble in English: The change of language
In 1843, the Crowther High Commissioner Secretary of Religious Service (CMS) studiomed by the Administrator's Administration of Inspensive Prime Ministerships (CMS) by the Electionals of the Inatorial Admentals of the Adultmentals and auditionalsals
Since then, thousands of publications have been published in English by applying principles in English rather than Ajami, as well as the Arabic suspended in 1843.
Critics believe that the use of Arab wine, which is used from a foreign land, for writing the languages of IAdai, leaves the nation into slavery.
The campaign began in harmony with the latest styles of the Ilausoglyphics of Idith, Idinal Adrinka in Ghana, Geez of Ethiopia, like the player of the Nsibi in the 60th of Jesus " Adrine.
Screenshot verdicts are interviewed.
The Global Voices, Mr. Yoba, interviewed Mr. Yoba’s Congress in English, vibling the voice of the TsApp, to learn more about how this new venue has been found.
The 43-year-year-year-old Cyclone explained that he could not counterparts after his father’s genocide in 1997, and he had to fulfill the role of the father of his younger siblings.
However, as the English admirator, his culture focused on the welfare of Oddu's children as well as a lot of people.
As this culture expands, it is not enough to be satisfied.
In 2011, he added the scrubs, filled three venues, took the farm.
The father of the Village, Mr. Olawo, told her to go to the street where her family was in the province of Peregar (Badagry), Lagos State, Nigerian State, said she would see the way Eroma was going to act on the street.
On the shore, he found “in a foreigner” who brought back to his home in Porto-Novo, Begin.
When she came home, the darkness covered her room.
There is no electricity in a host room, but the interview is looking.
He picked up the melody and gave the interview, but he was surprised by what he had set up on the street.
He opened all the homes to find him at home.
On that day, he kept the stranger in front of the night. He told Global Voices:
I dreamed I went to the sun.
When I arrived, it became dark and we showed me the jailer.
When I spend a night, the same dream is a special way, I go from across a region, and I teach people how to use the new technology.....
For three years, he did not fully understand the typhoon, he could not see again and again, he did nothing more.
At this time, in 2016, I went to the sun, I met a man, Lamdu, who struck the sounds of the typhoon and ordered me to spread the biodiversity of the signs around the world.
I look forward to the day’s dream.” I will go up with me.”
He then began to be feared for the Deputy Deputy Deputy’s Representation of religion.”
He decided to appeal the dreams to the Chairman of the Working Group in Port-Novo, who explained that he would understand how we were killed in a dream.
As a result, he travels from a region to country in Lagos to spread the Owodu's tactics.
Images picture the students who have been trained as they struck Owodu in a schoolroomroom:
The Nigerian Football Football Football
In 2017, the National High Commissioner, along with the Deputy Chairmans of the ECHR, signed Rauflayer, who once once visited the Abuja State, in the new Republic of Nigeria.
The Minister of Appeal Appeals for Nigeria in recent times.
The letter to the governor of the state of Ori was reminded of the decisions of the new panel that had not yet been fulfilled.
For the past three years, the promise of the Governor to ensure that the new civilian schools in the southeastern Nigeria have not yet been fulfilled.
The Owowowowowowowoman’s handwritten to demolished the country, who has rejected a book, and has made a picture of a player with a new venue that has not been used to compensate on the
YouTube, WhatsApp and Facebook Regional Court: "The Administrator" and “Adut Odduity” made fun of the students who were interested in violating the rules.
He urged all who have been affected by a particular situation to get up to the evidence that will support the Senate and give the ECHR to enjoy the unity of the country.
A kind man, Sunday Adeni, a publisher of 1,000 editions of the "Awowowowowowo" for school students.
The next day: Why Atogle do not fail.”
The panel was also available in Igbo, Hausa, English, and French. Scribbed, the majority of the indigenous peoples.
The winning experience was the typhoon of Owowori.
However, since the principles of Wine are new principles, it will be a major challenge.
No, it is the key to making advancement and development in the language of the country that will be called by the ECHR.”
In English text: The change in language
Are you calling here or ifan cake?
A leave or aans cake in Nigeria is food in Nigeria, on May 11, 2013. Photo by Atimuh from the Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
The unity of different languages has been available in the past.
To illustrate, look at the expression "restaurant," used in French to come into English.
Today, the use of the expression used in a language in another language without disclosing its meaning.”
These devices have come up as a result of the international international meeting, as they are spreading, friendly, and economic challenges.
As a result of the internet communications between these different people, the language of the language, the expression and the proponents became useless.
This is not a vision.
Approximately 40 million people translate the English language in Nigeria, the language of the English language has become increasingly common in the first century since 1914 to 1960.
Over half of the English text in English is used in English. Let us look at it as "cup" and become a motorbike.
The "phone" is called, "ball" became "television""" and "television".
These expressions" appeal to the English language.
Also, the Hausa language used by 44 million people in Northern Nigeria has spoken to him.
The language uses hundreds of thousands of words in Arabic, such as the U.S. (" a blessing)) ("basavel" and trouble).
What is evidenced by the use of electronic devices in the English language is the use of people in pretrial interviews as they use the language.
It will be confirmed by a statement like him, if you were arrested or "Help the son of the ball" in the English language.
Adi, a spokesman who is quoted in the English language, has learned how to use it.
A spokesman in English has no longer appealed to the colonists who used English terms to translate the English expressions into the English text rather than in
For example, the fervor of Nigeria’s dengue is even in a friendly interview with a guest.
Using words in a language helps to expand the culture.”
If we view it, sushi Japan is not another name.—sushishi is sushi.
If this is available for the languages, languages, languages, and culture, it will spread throughout Nigeria and the international translation of the languages.
For example, the rich food in the country is rich, especially in the sea.
These words have risen in other languages, as the Nigerians emphasize it.
In addition to "yam flour" reduces the power of the registration.”
As we look at the revised English edition to the "fanimoror", who has been famous and has been available in the New World Translation.
He spoke to “think,” or “”,” who is especially moved to appeal the English expression.
This encyclopedia and psychologists: English doesn’t allow suspension and congratulations.
As a result, the latest English language is filled with the foundations.
However, the truth is that from the English language has sustained major damage. Aga is for Yor-A.
Notably, the English language as used in Nigeria is in addition to the translation of Oxford.
The English language will move forward if the translation team will continue to enhance its development; its use in the media is essential to the extent that the world is suspended in modern times.
In the end, this will move Niger-Congo's investigation.
Saying: Atogle's Why Atogle fail
Many words have no meaning.
The Wikimedia Republic of Nigeria, October 2018, from Wikimedia Commons CC.B.2.0.
The language of the language has dominated the world's social media as the "gbos of the world" for international interviews.
In February 2020, at the age of WebTech3, half of the world's streets were written in English.
But as the majority of people who speak the world's message
Many social media have played a major role in the history of the non-guided textbooks, as well as the transgender translation of the Grubas, MasThan, and MALC languages.
For the year 2020, Google said he would use five new languages in the Google language, the Kinyarwanda, Uighur, Tatar, Turkmen and Odia for the last four years.
A man is looking at the distressed person who reads the sentence on the world. Imagelladi Oridede Agbi, right from Pexels.
But why have you carefully consulted the translation team that noticed, even the best?
And is it that is not always wrongful?
The controversy and problems of the country are commonplace with the same meaning and experience.
Twitter translates English into English through the use of Atogle as he has permitted them, and the result is very short of the streets.”
The roots of these markets are far more likely to be used by social media to collect their own language for their use of speech.
These vocabulations can be used in some languages, such as English and Election, in two countries, in Nigeria, when this is the case, for the lack of speech and sentences that will be appropriately addressed.
To answer the common cause of Google in four years before he made five new languages full, the spokesman explained:
Google is the world door of Atogle, but if the language does not have an internet of speech, it is difficult for us to support the unity of the country.
However, because of our geneology, along with the Google translation team, we have supported these languages with support.
Additionally, many people are unknown to learn how to speak in these languages.”
Therefore, they are not the first venue for making these mistakes known.
The majority of the speeches have no meaning, especially those related to traditions.
For example, the words of the queen and the queen have a very different meaning.
The two expressions will be translated "queen".
However, when viewed in the courtroom, it is essential to say that the Senate of the queen and the queen is unique: The king translated "queen"" when the wife was "wiking of the people".
With these unrest innovations, technology has helped the development of the African languages of the Africans to improve the development of the world.
The New use of technology, such as technology and social media, and the latest new vocabulary, has been replaced by new types of technology.
This has advised using these languages.
As a result of these new technology, the translation of the African language has increased.
For example, the English language contains expressions related to social media ("air conditioner"), a talk"phone".
The Igbo translation also has a ekgoti ("telephone") and her ("vehicle").
These names are made in harmony with their work.
In the English edition of the interview, students have learned that many people are interviewing the TV.
The genocide caused various questions and opinions.— some students argued that the video could be described as audiom because of their activity.
The challenges of the technology are the key to improving the language.”
In 2019,, according to CNNN, Google opened the first Acccra, Ghana, who is pursuing the goal of "crating Google into IAgla".
According to Moustapha Cisse, the leader of the Google AI in IAdja, said that he was "nouding to "trained more than 2,000 countries, “NNN.
Mozilla and BMZ published their performance as a special activist on the interning of communication in the country. Prime Minister of Human Rights, IMZ.
Religious Houses in Greece and North Macedonia refused to renounce their religious values to prevent the COVID-19-19-An infection
"On the Lord’s Evening Meal", a picture raided in 1442 from Fra Angelico. A photo from Wikipedia.
As those affected by COVID-19 have increased in Balkans, some religious buildings are not able to influence Coronavirus's disease.
The tradition of religion that is known as the Embassy and the Last Summer of the Lord or Summer, by the children after Krístimony and the registration of the religion that has been established as well as the churches of the Holy Scriptures,
The World Health Organization (WHO) urges us to evacuate the highways and to keep our health in check so as to reduce the spread of blood transfusions, a close relationship with others, and to love.
On January 9, the Greek Congress said that he would not renounce religious principles to ensure security.
He also said that " it isn’t possible for the cuponavirus to be part of the blood transfusions of the Lord and that the sons of God should pray in behalf of the killer".
According to the GOC Klimis, Central Peristeri, in the region near Athens, it is said that the church's rules can help the nation:
Life is life and blood transfusions.
It is a miracle.
It is the Lord's message to believe that man can live for the welfare of the Lord.
The COVID-19 pandemic in Greece, without anybody else.
Greek authorities, who have scrubbed schools and have denounced admiration on the road and preventing the venue, appeal to the worship.
However, representatives of the government were violating this constitution. A religious break on the last week, the president and all members of the government went to a religion.
In the city of Greece, North Macedonia, the Macedonian Congress – Ohrid Archbishopric is the same goal.
Although the House has not played a major role in the epidemic and is providing Arabic and blood for the members of the congregation.
The Prespa-Pelagonia Diocese noted that the Russian Pravosa of the Saravoslavie is a "thinkable religion " which says that it can be done to ensure that it can be done by the church.
Sergey Adonin of Russia beats the article, who claims that he has an optimism with the experience of working in the hospital.
He further explained that the use of the same family as the Bizantium was not caused by the Bizantium, for " the faith in God protects the priest and the congregation".
In North Macedonia, those practicing the policy of the religion will not be harmful in the rules of the building.
For example, the prosecutor of the media on the interviews at a social media station — a person who has previously witnessed a campaign on Twitter’s claims that he has participated in dangerous acts of worship:
Typhoon: I am part of the Lord's blood last in the Holy Annunciation House of Skopje and did it!
What is your problem?
A psychologist: Despite all the health - care organizations: Citizens are part of the Lord’s blood without fear of the Aonavirus.
Sladjana Velkov, a prominent opponent who works in Serbia and North Macedonia, said that there is no "naturals" and that "nown is nothing but but but an adultererer.
In Italy, 631 people have died as many as 10,000 sufferers have been affected by the spread of the disease:
If you read it at least seven people have contracted COVID-1919 in North Macedonia; 25 in Slovenia; at least six in Albania; in Serbia; five in Bosnia; it doesn’t have Montenegro.
He is already about 28 people in Romania, 6 in Bulgaria.
Opposition everywhere
The world's building has seen the first type of roads to provide support at a religious festival.
Last month, more than 7,400 people were reported to have died as a result of the COVID-19 in South Korea.”
The criminal was charged with a criminal – called on the head of the eight-year-year-old group, who was 8-yearned to apologize.
According to the Federal Economic Council, Korea has made changes in his religion in harmony with the Department of Health:
1. All occupationals will be swept away during religion.
2. To be held at the House of Worship, they will be donated to the venue at the House of Congress.
3. They will not accept anyone.
4. They will not detain the priest of the congregation.
5. They will not renounce the Ore, but bow down before them.
6. They will not use religious literature.
7. They will not take leaves for the church Priest, but themselves if they go out of the house of worship.
8. Imprison Food will not be part of the state.
9. God’s organization will not be held in pretrial meetings.
Some religious buildings in Britain have made changes in their religion, as the Italian Catholic Church has.
The Croatian church has also demolished the spread of the disease, France, a public travel in the city of Lourdes.
Romania’s Constitutional Court puts a law against "cribbling human developments as an epidemic":
The killers, who have been detained by the killer, have been joined to evacuate the religious icons of the building.
In any case, the priest said they wanted to accept the Lord’s Law.
After Italy ordered a total of four citizens to be killed, the Czech colonies were arrested on Wednesday, on April 10.
The North Macedonian government announced the state positions of state and has demolished schools, as well as the highest school for two weeks.
Check Examines Global Voices on the COVID-19st.
Nigeria banned the passports on behalf of those who have defrauded COVID 19
The ban on 13 countries where people have COVID-19 are more than 1,000
Photo by Pete Linforth in Pixabay. Pixabay's photo with Pixabay, for social use.
The Global Voices reviews the role of COVID-19.
According to a COVID-19 surgery tournament in Nigeria, five have confirmed that the number of people in Nigeria has been detained for eight years.
The number of those affected by the disease began two days after the E. Osagie Ehanire detained him on June 16, the United States has been found on June 13.
The sick person was very detained for 14 days in Lagos, during this time he began to have a sign of dengue fever and players.
The sick person is at the first hospital in Yaba, Lagos State.
He is still suffering and is responding well to treatment.
Although the number of people with COVID-19 infections is growing in Nigeria, the federation has increased on June 18, by restricting tourists from 13 countries: China, Italy, Italy, South Korea, Japan, Germany, United States, United States, and United States 10, United States, U.S.
Those who have been detained from the Nigerian languages have expressed their dedication to Jehovah for the past 14 days.
On March 27, we concluded that a Italian immigrant who traveled to Nigeria was the first victim of COVID-19.
Eleven: A Italian who traveled to Nigeria was first diagnosed with COVID-19
The second member of the team was diagnosed with the virus, according to NCDC, was the first person who had won the disease and has recently recovered after two tests indicated that the
The other is not aware of the disease and has been released from pretrial detention on June 13, 2020, according to NCDC.
While caring for the COVID-19 pandemic has not reached many people on the world, and they are asking for strong developments in Nigeria.
Mr. Ayobami declared that NCDC's action was a major cause of the injury. He recommended them that "treams continue to evacuate and stop working.
He said that " we should be afraid" that the COVID-19 virus is causing us in Nigeria.
"The law denounced tourists from other languages" especially those from countries who came from the spread of the disease, journalist Bayo Olupoda stressed:
Dr. Whitewalker also insists that there is nothing wrong with restricting tourists at the time of the episode of infections in order to ensure the first time of history.
Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, the leader of the NCDC, pleaded that they are "guring to ensure that they should do everything they should do"
On June 17, the first panel of the Senate has ordered the law to be used as a pretrial psychologists since the United Kingdom and China, before the next day of the law.
Cable Nigeria defeated all those from the lands where the disease will be evacuated with the care of 14 days.
The federal government also legally denounces people in visa Nigeria.
The federation began on January 21, 2020, and will be for four weeks after the conference.
We read: COVID-19 in Africa: “This unknown to be seen as countries are preparing for the spread of disease
Many Nigerians have been accommodating the spread of COVID-19 infections.
Among these measures, the COVID-19 COVID-19 has spread to protect the nation from trafficking.
Unfortunate care
Some measures regarding health care caregivers are limited to those who have COVID-19 in Nigeria.
A 70-year-old woman who had spent five months in the United Kingdom returned to Nigeria on June 11.
After he arrived, he began to have the COVID-19 infection of the COVID-19 and the highest rankings on June 13, and he was rushed to Lagos Hospital of Enugu (UTHlits Collaneery, southeastern Nigeria.
He was detained in ESUTH Colliery Parklane and sentenced to NCDC on June 14.
On April 15, the woman died after the NCDC found out that she did not have COVID-19.
However, in a letter to the governor of Enugu, the woman charged the hospital staff with "accus" her mother, who was put in "plosed in the first place".
A person with the COVID-19 virus has been undertaken in the Lagos state of Nigeria.
On November 17, David Hundeyin, a journalist with News Wire, reported on an unsupervised COVID-19-19-19-19-19 in Dabete-ju-Lek in Lagos.
On March 12, the Dangote, a Indian colony who dragged water from Mumbai, came after he stayed in Cairo, Egypt.
According to Hude you, the man who is recruiting water has begun in "ibas, suspensive and unsafensional, " on the second day that came from India.
However, " if anyone in Dangote's company has tried to contact" the health lines involved.
Hude you noted that the company is using the "actural constitution" in Nigeria "lati has made progress" and that is consolating the lives of the workers and all society in danger.
The report released the company’s view that the patient has been transferred to a hospital in Yaba, Lagos State.
In what way does the COVID-19 disease improve the political and international community of China?
A picture picture of Chinese boundaries on the four young person who read the book, translated "the Wuhan" is still used in Chinese, as it has been known in the case, prior to the spreading of the genocide.
Used with permission to use illustrations.
What happened in the marketplace of the river, as a result of traditional health care, has become an assistant in China.
After Wuhan’s competition in Wuhan in Ilola, 2019, many people were killed in the country and also faced political challenges in Bejing.
As a result of the media's appeals to government and local government in the central part of the country, it is the key to keeping a public report that will benefit its citizens.
When they told him to announce on the ways in which the story would be spread, it has been held, since the new birthday celebration of the Chinese generation has passed away.
And medical professionals and professionals are doing research and interviews on how to cope with the spread of infections, according to Wuhan, who returns to the COVID-19 virus.
According to a psychologist on the basis of the genocide as a result of the genocide organised by Chinese people who are selling in Huanant's market in the Whanu area where there are many opinions that have been the source of inactivity.
One question that needs answers is the spread of this disease: whether it can help a person out of the second, and how many people can be affected by this disease.
Representatives from one person to second, saying that the virus will be a long time for the person to see the symptoms, and that this doesn’t make it easy for him to beat the disease.
Despite the spread of infections, which includes “inclubbling the genocide, believes that there is between 2- 3 to 3 in the end of the month, the person who has said it will help two to three, but it doesn’t stop.
As the genocide writer continues to rise every day, the competition between Hubei and Ouhan has grown up to 60 health care, and the majority live in the region are currently infected.
As the number of those who have contracted the disease spread through China, health professionals have sustained higher risks and sustained minor health care for elderly people in the country.
Wuhan, however, is not a health crisis but a time of political neutrality.
The prosecutor told the citizens that this was not the only threat of the federal demolition, until the destruction of the country and that the brothers would not trust in their governments, and that this is not only in Hubei.
The people in the city criticized Beijing for having been detained by the genocide in 2002 to 2003, as reported on by the Elara World Cup (WHO).
The Prime Minister of China Xi Jinping interviewed this disease on June 20, Until then he announced that the case had been announced for the first month of the disaster.
Administratorial power on the Chinese newspaper, and that Nigeria’s collaboration of the United States, as well as the impact of the Wuhan will be in 2020.
Mozambican Schools in Mozambique and Cape Verde signed the embassy applauded embassy on mobile phones to make citizens stay home
Santa Maria, Cape Verde. Photo by Miccaela, Wikimedia Commons. CC-BY 30.
The Global Voices has already impacted the spread of COVID-19-19
The COVID-19 pandemic, the Federal Embassis of the COVID-19 parliament in Mozambique and Cape Verde, has a higher impact on social media levels.
On this occasion, Mozazambican people have been infected with COVID-19, but no patients have been affected by the disease, in Cape Verde.
Over the past week, both countries have ordered a constitution in the country because of a psychologist who died from a psychologist.
According to a journalist from Portugal Lusa newspaper, a journalist said:
Translation Original Quote
The Cape Verde's address Today’s Cape Verde, CV Movel and Unitel T+, announced the campaign that will help the 2, which will make it possible for the people to stand at the COVID-19.
“Fica em Casa” (Nicam Casa” (Fica) in English) The campaign released the two projects on the verdicts that are currently designed to “extremist in the cape Verpe-omans’s home".
This is a special gift for both companys, and in addition to the 2, there will be an additional $ 15 advision for the release of the nation’s vocabulary, which includes using the proponents in the country.
COVID-19: The opportunity of MB, 2, has opened the city of Cape Verde to sit down on courtes.
The Cape Verde's interview has opened the door to the campaign, since the world's message is often used as an act of love:
It is a very beautiful!
How many people in the city of Cape Verde l'ni are interested in social media?
In Cape Verde, a region of the island of the 560 people, the 57-year-spepepe of the world's Federal Constitutional Court has revealed the year 2017 investigation.
The year was 50th in the world.
In Mozambica, where there is no longer aggression – the World Bank also revealed that the 10 of the people in the country had a complaint against the TmCel, who was then called by the campaign. "
The campaign is full of gifts from GB 1 to 5, with 25 to 100 meticals (0.37 to 1.50 US).
Use the #StayAtHome for 25 meticals in one month.
* In 19# to select and stay with TmCel. For a brief discussion:
Although a gift is accepted in society, some of typhoons agree on Twitter's report on some questions:
It is a good step.
But is it real?
Waiting at the home does not make any difference between those who live in Mozambique and Cape Verde and Cape Verde. Nobody in Tomas Toface said:
#coronavirus has revealed the seriousness of society.
According to the #StayAtHome, love for some, l’s deployment is a powerful cause for aggression: in waiting for food, or working to promote peace or health for the rest of the country.
COVID-19 led to a long history of testing in Africa
SAdroot is not a typhoon's room
Airgun. 1 Class Marites Cabreza, coordinator of 354th Civil Affairs Bridegade, Chanction Tenctioning Tenction, Combined Joskt Tasky in May 29, 2008.
Photo by Scremy T. Lock.
A special report to the World Cup’s impact on the COVID-19-19 world.
Aepala is not going to escape among the teams and research teams but has not managed to assess the COVID-19ID-19 of the population in Iladomi.
On 1, November 1, two French investigators, Dr. Jean-Paul Mira, and Camille Locht, recommended him on a program in the interview that Alodai should be able to reconstruct the verdict.
The Chairman of the Cochin Hospital, in Paris, compared the statement to “extremist studies for Typhoon, that some of the players have been tried with
Both investigators were interviewed by an interview on the BCG for European and Australia to determine whether to perform treatments for the first time.
In Australia, a number of health professionals have been visiting 4.
The assessments of these investigators were accommodated with the tests and advisation of the Administratives in the eyes of the ECHR, who claimed that European agencies had not found themselves to be treated as a drug dealer.
These investigators have already found fault and anger to the people, bringing an administrator, "On the nation is not prominent in social media.
Ivory Coast Didier Drogba tweeted:
On the day of 3, IV, Mr. Mirara has apologized for the conversations he said, but after the SOS Racisme turned back on it, as did Locht, the Twitter’s protests, the Twitter
In the same line, Mrs. Congo Jean-Jacque Muyembe, who is leading to Ebola’s Ebola’s Ebola virus in the state of Abugo, said that the DR Congo would be released from the "venience in a test by the venivalididation of the state.
Muyembe, the former Chairman of the panel and the National Assembly of the country, said at a news conference:
We have been appointed to make these visits....
The United States or Canada, or China, will be the same.
We are the one who has been entrusted to the project here.
Once again, these conversations caused the Congo’s children and citizens throughout the world who were killed in Muyembe because he was injured in the womb in DR Congo, where the prices have caused COVID-19-19.
During a few hours, Dr. Muyembe chose his interview in a picture picture picture, saying it is a time when the embassy will be investigated in US and China: DR Congo:
Remarkable developments regarding the test in Africa
Traditional Embassy in IAdultism” has often played a role in "presentententity” and especially on the road and medicines, such as the spreading of the genocide and the hypocriculturalism of the “AIDS.”
Administrators in the world are accommodated by the National Health Organization, the United States, and the Federal Health Department of the Federal Health.
In Zimbabwe, during the past years, over 17,000 women without drug trafficking have been tested with permission for tests of testing that they are using alternative surgeries in WTZ ATM.
Also, the Pfizer Dr. Prova tested a drug known as Trovan of 200 children in Kano State, Nigeria, when these plagues were spread.
Many families have called Pfizer to court before taking the children for tests.
Testals are not the only ones involved in ethnic and religious discrimination; likewise it is the only cause of disinfection between health representatives and citizens.
Patrick Malloy wrote in his first interview with the Tankka in Tankka, "Loves and Congress: Advisation of social media and social media is similar to "extremist.
From the world to the world of such "fraudings", the prosecution generally employed the Administratives for testing, Malloy wrote that ".............
He made progress in his interview:
According to Tanganyka and other parts of the IAdja, this means that in time, religious people are more likely to be pressured to choose blood transfusions, which represent genealogies for the use of medicine.
These incidents are not the same as the public speaking in the Oriental ECHR about the "presentents " of the workers who are working for the Owns who have been kidnapped in a blood transfusion.
The illustration is described in Swahili in Swahili as “intention” or “extremists””.”
This horrific development has planted a lack of trust in democracy, tests, and medicines in IAdicans, which are enduring in the public services and the international drug industry.
Typhoons in Kano, Nigeria, has a higher risk of insecurity in the country, in which there are no shortage of insecurity in the campaign of medicine.
The spread of the spread of genocide in the streets, the media became part of the spread of the spread of the media in the country of 2003.
Imprisoning Religious Constitution
In view of what we have said, what will all these be responsible for the COVID-19-19-Actural tests of the COVID-19
People in general have said that "the Sons of the Administrative are not English".
The Chairman of the Global Health Organization (WHO) Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has described the attitude of the two doctors as "cribres that are based on “extremist acts of activism” and put it in place:
It’s not possible for Adulja and that it will not be a test for any kind of love.
However, fear of evacuation and lack of trust in the tests of the test has made it difficult for people who have been affected by social media and social media to find it difficult for health professionals.
In Côte d'Ivoire on June 6, 4, protesters have reported that the COVID-19 suspension of the COVID-19 suspended that the area was detained and unveiled.
The BBC House said, " “I’m remembering the attitude of people during the Ebola suffers from dengue fever and Central Iducees here that some have demolished health professionals, who have suspended
More than ever, in the latest Ebola 2018 Cyclone Depression in DR Congo, one of the interviews that have been reported among the victims of Ebola’s Ebola’s Ebola’s suspension" at the National Executive of the Mumbeyeeminic and the Federals of the Federals.
When it will be held in the 11th month of 2019, we have visited a Congo who is over a thousand people.
WHO should announce that Ebola’s ER Congo is not known on January 12, but after 50 days of the genocide, the son of Ebola was killed in pretrial fever.
Currently, in addition to Ebola and human rights debates, the DR Congo has to scrubble on the verdict of the spread of infections.
62 cases that are planning to prepare for the COVID-19 infection are currently due to COVID-19. The test and test
Will the large drug industry be subjected to the rules of behavior in IAdulation as they do as tests are being held in the
In Burundi, the four retired journalists await the appeal of appeal
The journalists were charged with a peaceful stand in the city.
The Representative Court in Bujumbura, which was evacuated from the east of June 19, 2010.
Four journalists.— Agnès Ndirubusa, Christine Kamikazi, Terence Mpozenzi and Egide Harerimana.”
The four players working with the newspaper Iwacu are not charged with two claims that they are
They are now awaiting their firm convictions, after May 6.
Antoine Kaburahe, a journalist who lives in the street, wrote:
Several days: The end of Bubanza. Iwacu.
The accusations against the journalists were not their own.
The journalists are working with the following:
The heart is broken !
However, the judge had not yet formed, after a month of interrogation.
Strike!
Support for Public Information
On April 22, Burundi’s dengue will not be with a group of opponents of the RED-Tabara, who is named in the Democratic Republic of Congo, in the city of Kibira.
The tourists have used the area to evacuate the area.
In the fight, the 14 kekeepers were killed and 10 were displaced.
On that same day, the police sent four journalists and Adolphe Masabaakiza to pretrial detention in Musigati, Bubanza, where they wanted to evacuate people who were evacuated from the area.
On the other hand, they were put in pretrial detention and were attacked by Christine Kamikazi when they were arrested.
The police appealed the interviews and their equipment that the prisons asked for a statement on their phone.
The journalists became the target of another unveiled one.
On May 26, in Bubanza, we charged "Lof of security".
On October 31, the prosecutor commended this and accused them of being aware of the attack.
The branch office has called for their release, including the Human Rights Watch Tower, Internationalation of Journalists, Olucome, African Journalists’ and Buruniseiseise des Radiouseffurs.
However, the Federal Voices Region said that they have not spoken to the situation now.
Iwacu disclosed the statement, saying that they had no charges when they were arrested and the duty was to defend the journalists.
Many people say it is the last of the journalists and criticize the charges on social media. The media have seen as an internet of free newsmen, and Iwacu is approaching the issue.
The journalist Esdras Ndikumana tweeted the following:
Burundi: Four journalists of Iwacu have been charged with "clubbing security in the city" because they went to report the world's history and have become Bubanza (Anveno) and Bubanza's Buban
After they had been in pretrial detention, they were convicted for their trial on March 18, 11 were surprised when they were taken to court on June 11.
They refused to answer because there were no lawyers, and they were reunited to pretrial detention, so that the 18th anniversary was not created for punishment.
On June 20, the decision that the four journalists will return to pretrial detention, but they are expelled.
They were sentenced to 15 years in prison.
The President Pierre Nkurunziza said at a conference on June 26 that nothing would be indifferent for until he has been detained, he said that he would be able to give
On February 30, Bubanza, the four journalists were sentenced to two and a half years in prison for a criminal parliament of tens of thousands of gallons (196-521 scribbling dollars).
The ruling did not specifically indicate that the journalists knew nothing about the incident, so the charge changed to become "noying the unrest in the city of refuge", that is, to appeal the nightlight to ensure security.
Iwacu explained that the journalists went to the incident after the authorities gave up, and there was no license and no law that would end the country.
The only certificate that the journalists were arrested was the head of WhatsApp by one of the journalists, who said they wanted to go on the "pists of the government ".
However, the government is often subjected to opposition, political parties, and tourists to protest this way. We have
Reporters Without Borders (RSF) states that the journalists had the right to spread a public report without fear of revenue, police in Burundi on June 20.
They wrote a panel called for their pretrial detention, which some 7,000 signed in March.
The members of the European Union, the European Union, and the UN candidates are among those who have called for their rights.
On June 20, the reporters also had their pretrial detention, claiming that they were unjustly punished, and the ongoing recovery of the criminals.
On June 6, the reporters expressed a appeal at a court, after being imprisoned for six months.
In return to the charge, according to the TsApp's message, a journalist said the brothers were seeking "dultism ".
RFI also spoke on their spokesman, Clément Retirakiza, said that the charges against the journalist were advised to be honored.
While Iwacu has been in pretrial position as a strong voice in politics.” He is the latest journalist after 2015.
Recording the suffering of journalists
After the ongoing election of After 2015, Nkurunziza returns for the third time when people say it has been detained by the government’s unsucces
A lot of journalists like Esdras Ndimana are reportedly killed in Burundi’s Burundi’s Burundi
The journalists have had the experience of visiting public officials, especially when reporting “extremist”.
In late 2015, the police killed Brother Christophe Nkezabazi with three children, during a protest.
In Keje 2016, Jean Bigirimana became an extremist, asserting that he was transferred from the SSNR).
This year, on June 16, a spokesman of Blaise-Pascal Kararumiye along with Radio Isanganiro (Meeting Point Radio) became a police report on a local government.
The international media did not support the BBC of VOA in 2019. RSF to Burundi to 160 in 180 countries’s freedom of journalists.”
Women in Nigeria face political debates on social media
#BringBackOurGirls and #ArewaMeToo are a registration in Nigeria
Mother's Savings Club, Nigeria. I'm Photo by Karen Kasmauski / USAID in the United States government, public domain.
In Nigeria, the prosecution is a political debate.
Advanced and political approach often comes from social media.
The most influential critics on Twitter’s is expected to be rescued by the Nigerians".
Women’s critics.” in addition to bringing harmful things to us, they also face violent attacks.
How do critics in Nigeria deal with social media, such as slander, slander, and discrimination?
How are they progressing in their work or doing their work?
Storms in Nigeria have expressed the experience of the prosecutors and hates: #BringBackOurckirls, Oby Ezekwesili is the leader of the ahead; and #AreMeo, whose role in Fakhriyah Hashimahshi, is a very proud of all of society.
#BackOurGirls (#BOG)
Six years ago, on October 15, 2014, a total of 200 young women from 15 and 18, from the Russian Federal Government in Chibokri, Maidiguri, in northern-languri, Nigeria, were killed by Muslims of Muslim Boko Haram.
Mr. Chibok's nephew made the genocide of the nations across the world.
The BBC News reports that in November 2014, #BringBackOurGirls was popular on Twitter, with about 3.3 million people who were also detained, 27ths from the United States, from 26th to 11 United States, United States.
Dr. Oby Ezekwesili is answering questions at the UN organization with the #BringBackOurGirls.
Photo by UN Women “Ryan Brown, August 14, 2014. (C BYN-NC-NC-ND 2.0)
Dr. Obiageli (Oby) Ezekwesili, former president of the World Bank, and former former Nigerian Minister, gave attention to the children of Chibok.
A recent incident involving boys in Buni Yadi, Yobe, Northern Nigeria, led to the campaign in 2014.
Some 28 children were killed by guns and bullies, while others were killed by fire.
However, on June 23, when the UNESCO hosted him in Port Harcourt, a place filled with oil in Niger Delta, he has appealed to the development of children who became the world.
On November 7, 2014, the U.S. president of the United States manager Michelle Obama published a photo that made the mark of our girls “BringBackOurGirs return.
He also handed a photo from the National Assembly of Funse to the site, which made the situation aimed by the entire world.
Two years later, Nigerian soldiers were rescued by Nigeria to rescue a girl in May 2016.
By the time of 2016, 21 girls joined their family members in Lagos, in February 2017, the Boko Haram team released children from religious abuse.
However, a 112-year-year-old girl who seemed to have been killed by 13 people, according to one 2018 investigation.
Ezekwesili and a human relationship with a group of young girls #BOG that has gathered people in the world for the distribution of Chibok girls.
In time, the roads turned into a special tree that nobody could not afford to give up for the Nigerian system.
However, the success of this effort has not resulted from Ezekwesili.
Just before the 2015 presidential election came to the earth, young Chibok girls were affected by this and a group of political members viewed Ezekwesili's criticism.
While his courtroom was detained, his dignity was detained.
Others say that all the efforts of the #BOG are not limited in politics.
Reno Omokri, former president of the state, charged Ezekwesili that the APC used it as a threat to the government and the "cension of the state of President Jonathan" by then gave him the opportunity to "cribulties of authority".
In 2014, former presidents of the President Jonathan’s People’ Democratic Party (PDP) laid "conded the verdict of Ezekwesi in a six-year edition of Twitter on June 14.
Protesters say that Jonathan’s unrest in the government has caused Ezekwesili to wake up on the victims of kidnappings.
According to him, those who denounce him on the world " said that he should not be taken away from the Ministerial Training School for the Minister of Deputy.
How did I react to a three-year-old Minister after having children of Chibok became prosecutor?
Ezekwesili said in the Twitter photo.
He became one of the chiefs of the 2018 president, but he was later detained.
On Twitter, Ezekwesili brought joy to mind: " I am saddened that kids who have been sent from school have become as a killing as a place that their parents are unable to raise their children ".
However, opposition has passed on the campaign #BBOG has swallowed up his anger and his democracy.
#ArewaMeTo and NorthNormal
On the day of 3, 2019, a young woman named Khadijah Adamua was shocked by her abuse of blood.
Adamua, who lives in Kano State in northeastern Nigeria, has earlier switched out on his dreadful experience.
Nigerian Fakhriyah Hashim expressed support for Adamua with using the #AwaMeTo:
#ArewaMTeo became the World Cup #MeToo in northern Nigeria. (Innn known for the “Itification of Haula) in the Hausa-speaking Cyclopends.”
Devastating women throughout Nigeria. Singing Web says that in the mid-guilty years of November 2014 and May 2015, north-languaged Nigeria, especially Borno State,
In the northeastern part of the country, the prosecution of these topics is difficult to say, to those who are suffering and the long-fortune of the injury.
Anger #ArewaMTo has a high-terternal in NorthNormal in Bauchi, Kano, and Niger.
The 15th anniversary of NorthNormal came to earth in Belu's mid-yearth in the eight states of Oya and Abuja.
They found a positive contribution because of the prosecution that the lawmakers " discovered why they should be treated as indigenous peoples " in the fight for VAP,” Hashim.
Hashim said,”, in Sokoto State, the government is bringing the people around NorthNormal".
The police arrested one of the chiefs of the Federal Congress.
Finally, the king of Sokoto, the leader of the Nigerians, defeated Nigerians.
According to Hashim, NorthNormal from the #ArewaMeToo, who has two times for "extremist against the people (VAP), and in front of the "throng against women and culture throughout Nigeria.
The Congress of Violence against People (In 2015) became an activist on 23,30, in the year 2015.
In the case of VAP’s Representation—in the law of Nigeria’s violence against women is a violation of the law.
Among other things, women’s wife, debris, have gone out of the house, deploying women into pretrial detention or torture, a custom that causes harm to women, women, and childbearing.
In Nigeria, the violence of rape can be used in Nigeria for 14 years.
If it is the case of rape, the federation will be a 20-year prison term for trusting without paying high prices.
However, the Constitution of VAP asserts that Abuja, Nigeria’s capital, is the only legislation of this law. NorthNormal and other agencies have declared the entire legislation of the 36 Senate.
The opposition of the critics
One year after #ArewaMeTo rescued the street, Hashim told the World Voices that their critics were released, and also had suicide.
Hashim said the experience of an internetism when his group faces "including children in the community" who is working at a social media station as an excuse for their militation.
He told Global Voices:
The campaign against him [ a child’s son) was issued with permission of the Ministry of Publicity; some did not want to live in accordance with the envision of international campaigns to #AreM
According to Hashim, experts planned to discriminate ArewaMTo into a constitution of law against ArewaMTTo, LGBTTo, men, women, and women have not turned to men and women.
In Nigeria, marriage between a man and a man violated the law of the Senate and the law of corruption, the federation of dengue and sexual relations between women and women in some communities.
As a result of the campaign against the LGBTQ, people have prosecuted their campaigns and called the #ArewaTo and NorthNormal in the past.
However, the Global Voices has no space for those affected by the campaign of Hashim in LGBTQ.
However, Hashim published a message of hope to Twitter:
Fakhriyah Hashim, one of the #ArewaTo and NorthNormal (inclusion) and permission to use his image.
He said that all of this experience helped him to “extremist”:
My experience on political debates in Twitter for a good government has strengthened my endurance, but it doesn’t make me suspended for each of the streets that we have seen in the history of ArewaMeTo and NorthNormal.
But I accused me and didn’t hold me back, but I begged him to trust in Nigeria’s government and the respect of violence...
After the attacks, we have the strength and strength to continue because of the suspension of society and that if we have a space, we are subject to destruction.
He was saddened, Hashim and Ezekwesili are still fighting against “extremist mercy” that has appealed to women's violence on the world.
As for Hashim, " yet another act that is planning to give voices to those suffering" is difficult to play.
This statement is one of the special works, "Osunt: the law is based on social media as the registration of the development of the internet in the country".
This publication raises questions about the identity of hate speech or discrimination that enveloped in the languages of the world, the episodes of Albasare, and the Nigerians (the police) as well as the episodes of human rights and journalists: 7, Nigeria.
Africa Digital Rights Fund of Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
In the cities of Assad in Syria, the authorities said that “react isn’t unthinkable
Over the past nine years, health care care in the country has not diminished.
In the cities of President Bashar alA-Asad, the authorities have opposed the COVID-19.
According to Dr. Fáfit John Hopkins, the country has demolished a total of 250 deaths in 21 until the 15th day of
However, the recent reports highlighted the existence of the landscape and are confident that the COVID-19 is true.
Walid Abdullah, a 23-year-year-year-year-old, made this known to the point that the killers were killed in COVID-19.
Global Voices are using names to protect.
In his interview with Global Voices on Monday, Abdullah explained that on the 13th day of the Congress, he said the Daraa City City City House in Southern Africa was not an extremist.
According to Abdullah, when he began to take the necessary step, the prosecutor said the call will " They will not be healed"
He quickly gave up to the call.
On the other hand, no guns kill someone suspected in the COVID-19
Abdullah told Global Voices about the COVID-19 better than having a hospital"
This activism also promotes support from other sources.
On the 10th day of the month of The Voice of the Capital, a spokesman in the Syrian Federation, said that the prosecutors of the Syrian Health, said that "From was accommoded in the capital city of the Alcushis.
This has also shown itself online:
Representatives from the Mouwasat hospital are Damascus, also known in the same edition:
"Sulturals are taking place in a democracy, and the spread of the disease is done".
The Assad's COVID-19 season was especially dangerous, compared to the designs used during Assad's suspension that sustained the lives of hundreds of thousands of people throughout the world.
Premieration and Progressive Progress
The Assad's ruling has made many of the cities around which he is familiar with the Iran, as well as that many of the cities around me are in Syria.
In Lagos State, Iran became one of the most influential countries in Covid-19, the denounce of the country is the risk of Lebanon, Iraq, and Syria, where they were able to develop a relationship with the military.
In addition, pilgrims and passengers from Iran proceeded to go on Damascus to Damascus until Zakichy Mechychy, who made the book of Marchst London School of London Astronomy.
However, the Assad's government continues to spread the media and spread the COVID-19 report.
On the 13th day of the Senate, the Minister of Nizar-Yaziji signed that there was no threat to the COVID-19-19, he said:
"On thanks to God that the Administrators have cleansed the land from the genocide:”
The Minister of Political Health, Syria, announced the COVID-19 pupil of the country until the 22th Day of the Congress (March 22), caused anger and discredition in the middle of the Syrians that the Assad's government was attacking.
In a letter to a journalist in the country, one of the brothers responded to Yaziri’s visit to Yaziri, saying “I don’t speak out of her message that all of her disease has been removed"
However, the government has visited the number of people who have died in the spread of the disease.
In a statement issued by the Federation of the Federation of the Federation of the Federation of the Federation, the Federation of the Federation of the Federation of the Federation, that the number of people in the COVID-19.
He published his opinion on the value of rights, and now wrote:
The health condition that has weakened
The fact that the Asad government is in the state of the state is intended to be forced by its collaborators to defraud medical attention.
According to London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), the number of people in the COVID-19 have been reported to be more than 600 in the country.
He said that if the number is greater, the country has been forced to evacuate.
During the civil war, the military has sustained major damage to their health department.
According to the WHO and the Syrian National Assembly, it is known that his work is the only threeth in the sixth hospital in the country.
The genocide also indicated that over 70 percent of the indigenous health officials have been evacuated to become alien residents and 20ths.
COVID-19 is one of the natural disasters that affect human rights
It is probably the primary concern for the Syrians that these natural disasters caused one another; wars, pestilences, and dislikes.
The ECHR issued a 26-year-year-speaking sentence on the suspension of the Syrian demolition, and the need for the COVID-19th.
According to the National Council of Human Rights, the 11th in Lagos State has already been reported in pretrial detention in May and has moved them to 53 when he has been put in pretrial detention.
Ali al al al al al-Ahmed (known named as a protection for the Daraa's Voicea's Voices on Tuesday, said that there are only a few dollars in the world.
Ahmed said that many venues have been detained as a result of the economic crisis.
During their health crisis, the economic crisis and economic crisis of the country has detained many Syrians, the federal demolition of the country has also been in danger of corruption and corruption.
YKS's test is approaching two million students with all the warnings: Typhoons are very suspensive.
Occasional Employment YKS new: good
It is not only COVID-19 but in 2020.
Many journalists have been assisting here from the seventh month of April with a suspension of Turkish passportish tests.
One of his surgeons refers to “Fttturnadaym (mo is in the hurricane), Mabel Matiz of the LGBTQ.
The question of “Gözün gördün ömündi haldi dele der deil”’s deil" has been exposed to what I see in the eyes of Mabel as a group of people who are familiar with the prices and a lot of money.
According to Twitter's Twitter, Halis Aygün President of Center for Measurement and Selection and Place (PYM), the government’s executive certificate in the interview, Yeni Akit.
YKS 2020’s trial took place in 48 tests in three stages, and about two million were evacuated.
His tests were made by tourists throughout the country.
A review of schools and social media players in the world is an optimistic goal.
The first investigation of the questions involved with the Turkish test of YKS 2020 has been presented in one of the tests of YKS on the tests of YKS”.
The workers on the street will be forced to evacuate from a test test.
For the Twitter website, this panel is not enough:
[O” President –SYM gave the first time to test! “
They have investigated why the problem has been assessed.
Those in prison will be forced to evacuate from a test test.”
[Isay] is not alone, but the president who has not considered it has turned around from all the media.
The social media also has advised such a decision and arbitrary question:
In the test of YKS20 which is taking place today, there is no use of spiritism to describe these children as an extremist man Mabel Matiz
(In the first person, who declares “extremists are we”” and what are you trying to do?
The Twitter user's opinion of Twitter is not unique with how others speak to Mabel Matiz's achievements and famous:
I want the Mabel Matiz team to see that we don’t have any other player who has done so in recent years. That is why mabelmatiz
Senetizens note that the player's player, the politicians will take away the necessary words:
Nobody shouted at rapes, at Mabel Matiz, was accustomed to taking
“I’m protected our actions”, but Mabel Matiz is the one who made the most of our culture.
We need to investigate on those who denounce Mabel Matiz, who have been detained.
Mabel Matiz's response to the existence.
On November 3, while the genocide continues, Matiz is reunited with the voice:
Total: I am happy that my music is a melody for such an important test as this.
Now, I was surprised to see how my life was affected by this test.
Consider what I was tested. I was placed in love with my name.
Unfortunately, world tests are not last last:
I read a lot of copies of my own publications.
What I want to say in the song I understand, but you are also more positive.
I will continue to sing songs, to speak stories and to the country.
We also met in another test....
Matiz is famous: One day after Aygun spoke freely.
It takes two stages in a game in a venue through a larger election.
It took two stages.
“The lyrics of his sin” and “The man whose sins committed was the most effective” at the Pantene Goldenten Golden Butterfly 29
As a result, many have been attacked by social media and social media.
On October 5, Mabel Matix also criticized:
I won the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of the lyrics of his sin’s nephew, Pantene Goldefly 28
I’m very pleased to hear all of you. I would like to thank you for Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz. Those who have been guided “I Haven Red in My Wipe.”
In Turkey, two thousands of students were sitting on the test of their detention in the Iboth
This year’s test took place in the state state state state state’s conviction that it is not because of the epidemic
Number of International Delegates 8:07 GMT
YouTube's picture picture picture of a song from Mabel Matiz with a lyriccultural lyrics at the Supreme Court:
"Gözün gördün gördümündi asked herr deil" (the eyes see "))
In Turkey, over 73 million people are expected to be called Yüksekötims Kularv in Turkey on their visit to Fáfi.
These tests were reported on by the COVID-19-19-yearth, and this tests were made on the streets of the world.5 million people sitting on the test.
On November 26, the Supreme Court announced the day of YKS on June 25 to 26.
But on June 4, Turkey Recep Erdo, then on June 27 to April 28.
These changes and the unfortunate tests are being questioned by people of Turkey, in the streets and on social media:
How does this affect the thinking of students who are preparing for tests from just a few minutes?
How will the COVID-19 embassy become part of the society, the activists, the gymnasium, if we are taking about two million people.
In 2019, a 7-year-year-old venue was 74 in the test, when 39 percent were reported to the second round.
Turkey celebrated the first 19th anniversary of June 11 on June 15, the number of five people lost their lives on June 15.
On June 1, the Kingdom is a long-terternal life:
Administratory buildings have also relocated for a three-year-year-language field, which has been abandoned for nearly three months.
Volunteers need to keep their eyes fixed and suspended with their yellows.
While students have called on for YKS to move ahead, the government has not wavered in his
At the end of the seventh month, two million were sitting on the test.
As we have seen in this typhoon, which has a higher risk of hurricanes against society:
YKS's test is approaching two million students with all the warnings: Typhoons are very suspensive.
Occasional Employment YKS new: good
It is not only COVID-19 but in 2020.
Many journalists have been assisting here from the seventh month of April with a suspension of Turkish passportish tests.
One of his surgical questions refers to “Fttturnadaym (mosh in the hurricane), a musical pounding Mabel Matiz, LGBTQ “Fromsday in the storm”:
The question of “Gözün gördün ömündi haldi dele der deil” (including what my eyes see) has been exposed to social networks because of Mabel.
According to Twitter, Halis Aygün president of the Center for Measurement, Selection and Place (PYM), the prosecution Department of the Administrator’s candidate, Yeni Auretkit.
He said they would investigate the matter, and all those who assisted in signing the document will be expelled from the test:
YKS 2020’s trial took place in 48 tests in three stages, and about two million were evacuated.
His tests were made by tourists throughout the country.
A review of schools and social media players in the world is an optimistic goal.
The workers on the street will be forced to evacuate from a test test.
For the Twitter website, this panel is not enough:
[The President –SYM gave the first time to test!
"The investigation has been investigated to assess the situation. Those who have been imprisoned will be forced to evacuate from the test of."
[Isay] is not alone, but the president who has not considered it has turned around from all the media.
The social media also has advised such a decision and arbitrary question:
In a test #YKS20 which is taking place today, you don’t find a mechanical illustration to young children like these boys to be Matiz's player?
(In the first person who declares us that we are "conscious are we"
What are you trying to do?
The Twitter user's opinion of Twitter is not unique with how others speak to Mabel Matiz's achievements and famous:
You children of the team. I want to watch Mabel Matiz.
Because we have no other athletes that have been used in recent years.
That is why mabelmatiz is our own body.
People on the world believe that the use of biologists will be abandoned by politicians:
Nobody shouted at rapes, at Mabel Matiz, was accustomed to taking
This led him all in:
He said that " our actions" was especially protected by Mabel Matiz.
We need to investigate on those who denounce Mabel Matiz, who have been detained and detained. #MabelMatiztnotalone
Mabel Matiz's denounce
On May 3 of Keje, while the genocide continues, Matiz is reunited with the voice:
Total: I am happy that my music is a melody for such an important test as this.
Now, I was surprised to see how my life was affected by this test.
Consider what I was tested. I was placed in love with my name.
Unfortunate sentences on weekend:)
I have also been reincarnated.
I read a lot of copies of my own publications.
What I want to say in the song I understand, but you are also more positive.
I will continue to sing songs, to speak stories and to the country.
We also met in another test....
Matiz is famous: One day when Aygun spoke with love, he won two athletes in an athletes about the increase.
He won two stages, “We are the only two stages of his sin” and “We the man whose sins caused him to perform the most” at the Pantene Goldefly 67th.
As a result, many have been attacked by social media and social media.
On June 5, Mabel Matix also tweeted:
I won the "thletes of the lyrics of the lyrics of his sin" and “The man whose sins caused great joy in the Pantene Goldenterfly
Thank you for all of you.
I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz, those who have controlled [orinrin]
"I Have a Red in My Wipe" clip.
--- Cyclone: Administratory is eager to work for the good results.
Nigerian Carnival Chairman, Venezuela, has died as a result of Nigeria’s poverty for the first year of the world.
Mr. Obibilalalalala said this event took place without around the world because of the history of COVID-19, what we can remember about the sacrifices of Nigerians.
In a statement that marks the days of his Deputy Party on the news and the public announcements, Abuja commended Nigerians for their partnership and positive contributions, which led to positive changes in Nigeria.
Yet, he urged Nigerian employees to keep bearing good fruit in this case and all the time, for the season needs progress in the country to achieve success.
“I want Nigerian employees to work hard, and those who have worked hard.
In fact, Nigeria and Nigeria are proud of you.
I urge Nigerians to give their strength in such a time of growth.
They continue to do their best to work for the benefit of the country’s
--- Cyclone Deputy: Senatory of Nigerians
Nigerian President Ahmad Lawan, urged Nigerian officials to cooperate with their international staff in the world for the past year.
Lawan Senate also commended the laborers for their efforts to remove the country from poverty and despondence and fear of diversity.
He is keenly aware of the role of the workers as the one making the call for society, but this is what I have done to them all the time.
He noted that " the best way to get to know is to play a powerful role in the laborer's efforts to improve the quality of life.
Lawan says "Gened as a lawmaker, we are ready to respect the cooperation of the federal clubs, to be detained against corruption".
The President of the Senate stated that as part of the congressorship of the 9th Senators to give strength to the economy and to improve the quality of the development of the year’s system in the 2020.
In the case of the Senator Lawan, the Senate has made a difference in violating each law to ensure that the use of the oil system has been used.
He said that the Senate will continue to apply this principle despite the challenges of COVID-19.
The President noted that this year’s COVID-19 panel celebrations took place COVID-19.
He said that "noying and unconscious spirit would help Nigerians work hard to overcome the epidemic"
” the panel of the Senates appealed to Nigeria as they mark their days, to adhere to the health standards of the community, to wear a venue, to be used for venue, to clean and protect ourselves.
--- COVID-19: 24 people in
The number of people in the Corona (COVID 19, Nigeria, has already been 1,32 in 1932, and about 1932 people have been hospitalized in 1932.
--- COVID-19: We have received a few news reports at Carnagie
Osagie Ehanire's Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, has announced reports about various events in Argentina.
The Minister said this during the day's interrogation by the Federal Congressor of the COVID-19 held with journalists in Abuja.
He also announced that the recent deaths in the state of Kanno will continue to provide relief efforts, tourists, and education programs to ensure the end of the COVID-19-19-19-
Dr. Ehanire urged health professionals, who insisted on protecting one another so that the COVID-19-19-19-19 or
--- Nigeria discovered the latest COVID-19th team
Nigeria has said that the COVID – 19 people have been infected with a total of 182 people.
A total of 619 people were hospitalized, and 47 were killed.
The Nigerian democracy of Nigeria (NCDC) is based on NCCDCov's #NCCCCDgov;
The COVID-19 twenty-old has endured;
Four-year, 12-Gombe, 12-Bauchi, 9-Sokotonokoto, 7-EBorodono, 7-Rers, 6-Rivers, 4-19kwam.
--- COVID-19: A former Minister of Kano State received news reports
The Minister of Information Ari was a Minister of State, who investigated Kano's investigation, has received news reports on the basis of health care, the strength and weakness of Kano State.
The Minister of Health, Dr. Osagie Ehanire recounted this at a public meeting with the journalists of the COVID-19 Abuja State.
He said that as the federal government hopes for the full news, the report will be a way for the Covid-19-19-19 Kano with the opinions, the training and the lyrics of the
“ Among the relief aids are the collective team from FMOH and other coaches by Irrua Specialist Hospital to join a group of health professionals in Kano State Governor for Kano””
As he asked the answer, he said the team will be increasingly supportive in the fight to beat the clubs after the state of Kano.
“The Administrator, Mr. FMOH, has detained five gallons (FRSC) on the streets (FRSC) to go to Kano for answers in an emergency.
Dr. Ehanire also described health professionals as a pretrial pretrial pretrial system and a risk of risking their lives.
“We cannot afford to lose major workers at such times; everyone is responsible for COVID-19-19 in order to care for the needs of all people who are vulnerable to infections or other victims.”
He said, “I is a wrong to go on without medical treatment or to be treated with someone who needs medical attention.”
--- Screendals aren't enduring
The Minister of State for the education program, Emeka Nwajiuba said it is not enough or when they will return home.
The Minister announced that the opening of the buildings would be in line with President Muhammadu Buhari’s evacuation from the administration which is to be controlled.
Nwajiuba, a spokesman, said that the congregation would not be willing to compar to a blood transfusion, and he said that the building would not be built in his home until the next day was announced.
“We are very short, there is no record in the buildings that can be seen after the walls.
The Minister also said that all the tests they had drawn would be done when the government would ensure that all of the education programs were fully understood.
The Minister explained that the test of ten students (WAEC) and the tests (NCO) and the NABTEB is not to be drawn up.
He highlighted the challenge of the education of the world as well as the education system in the state.
According to him, “I know that some people are not able to afford this opportunity, because of the ongoing ongoing debates, some have made progress in their radio stations, and some are using the federal legislations of the federation, which are using the entire government.
"We now have a standard for education for the rights of the state in the 26th state, which points out that from the radio or technical, education and education programmed by the government for the properties of the state.
Nwajiuba says “Love SUBEBBB, the way we share this and knowing this online online online. The federal system says they can use the appeals for the better.
The Minister said that the COVID-19 epidemic has helped all businesses to reconsider and has helped each student to work.
The Minister said that the government would renounce professionals who would qualify for the project to be useful after the interneting of the World Cup
Also, the FCTA-CTA’s school terminally, advised the construction of a third-year-year-year-year-old panel for parents and students.
Mr. Umaru Marafa stated in the latest edition that there is no schoolwork in the next day.
Marafa said, “Im this is that when schools will return, then they will be on the other venue that has not completed, and the third verdict, if it should be avoided.
They looked down on school managers in the clubs to be accommodated and keep their home safe and avoid any other rains.
Those who violate this command will face a fundamental law;
Marafa also said that the federal government has completed all the plans to ensure education in the future whether it is a radio or audio organised by students to work in the streets when it is beautiful.
--- He is not old enough to visit any human schoolteacher – Minister of FCT
The Minister of Nigeria, Alhaji Muhammad Refused Bello for the federal colonies in Abuja, who had been detained from the first half of the week.
The Minister of Abuja, Umaru Maran made a statement in a statement based on a statement that had recently released from the Abuja’s school for the first day.
"Ans are appealing to all of the primary directors to keep buildings in pretrial detention, and they are not ready to attempt to evacuate the building until we are organised from the FTAC."
All those who violate the law will be subjected to the law of the congregation.
Maraf said FCTA’s schooling has made plans for education through the use of technology, and the technologies to compensate students at the first time.
--- MUHAMDU BUHAHAHAHAHARI TELIFSA
MUHAM BUHAM BUHARIRI, SPIRI, AFRI, HEALL AND PRI, FADO, PHOTOTOMPLOTOMPLOT, PHOTOTOTOPPLULLLATIONS, PHOTOTOTOTOTOPLOTOTOTOPOTO
1.O Nigeria
2.My morning with listening to you because of your treatments and traditions, you see in the fight against higher health challenges.
3.N.O, 26th April 2020, the United States accommodated the three-19-year-old Covid-19, with a total of 10,000 people, have been reportedly injured.
4. Foreign health and economic crisis in many countries are struggling with infections.
5.N. I continue to get to know the oldest retrials in the world every day. I tell the truth about it, and I will give our organizations to those who are using it to make changes in the next day.
6.N. in the last two weeks, a three-year-year-year-old found in the 20th and capitals.
7. Nigeria has already recorded a 70-year-old scribbling in two Western festivals and capitals. It is estimated that 40 copies have been reported
8.M are using this opportunity to express our sympathy with Nigeria’s families who lost their loved ones due to the COVID-19. This is our loss and we share in your sadness.
9. Initially, Nigeria will have Nigeria on the first day after they see the first winner.
10. This is that despite the number of those who have been detained in the past two weeks, the effects have produced positive results.
11.Iye, who is the highway of the sea, has demolished 19 percent of the digital clubs, has concluded that the Nigerians have already made the most of the Nigerians outlets.
12.Lon, Nigeria’s Federal Executive Commission has signed 15 chicken buildings for a total of 13 million people throughout the country.
13.L. your certificate, the state of Lagos State and Abuja, along with the winning of the Administrative Federal Executive Federation, has also examined the purpose of evacuationals in order to assess the spaces of the buildings.
14. Many higher courts and administrators have replaced the country throughout the country, resulting in a number of criminals.
15.Mo commended governors for the interning center in the first place in the state, in the first place of the new medical centers and a purpose of addressing people on the dangers.
16.E. ten health workers have been handed down. For security, other security measures have been placed in the state.
17.N. we have had the experience of some challenges, we are waiting for the relief efforts to provide the deadlies without perfect risks.
18. Why should our government's promise to improve the quality of our health employees, we have signed a discreet agreement for the safety of the prosecution and other funds along with the health-based
19.A has denounced five health professionals in front of a five-year-old group. I have been allowed to have a temporary support for the community.
20.N.A. is advising the world from the world's institutions throughout the country, a group of people, and administrators, as well as collaborators in the world, are currently underway.
21. I know how the Nigerians are coping and the relief supplies during the opening campaign, and I know how to cope with the pressures of the country that the country
22. Our colleagues continue to get up at the streets during this season. Although we are very worried about the security of Nigerians, I want you to be the first of you, especially during this difficult time.
23.B is caring for the safety and properties we will not take pretrial measures from democracy. Representatives of the recent events, and I want you to deal with the criminals.
24.Mo urges Nigeria to continue in cooperation and reasonableness at the meetings of security and security security, for their safety, I have ordered these security officials to be protected in the first place.
25. “We are continuing to answer our answers at the camps of Cybernators, but we are determined to increase the progress of the federal government and to provide support and support.
26. Onolu, along with the other party in the new colony, studies indicate that the interviews have accommodated with tourism and history in one country.
27.Lati of this, I appealed all Nigerians to follow the advice of the president and the winners.
28. These are the primary players, the ceremonies, the ceremonies, the venues for the tournament and the athletes.
29. Omo Nigeria, for a total of four times in our country under the authority of the federation or State government, as mentioned earlier, these developments are important and participated in denouncing the history of our country.
30. Surgery, such a pretrial permission, has been linked with the economic system. Many Nigerians have lost the roads. Many have lost their jobs in the country.
31.N. Eventually, I said the federal government would compensate for a purpose and law that would protect life and live in pretrial detention.
32.L. twice this week, the federal government and State have worked hard on the road to ensure better health and health care for our needs, as well as to be commemorated in the celebration of our rights.
33.A examined how social media, markets, merchants, and drivers are able to make progress in the country’s standard of cleaning and evacuation.
34.A’s adviser has made progress in the process of taking the lead without risks of health risks.
35. We know how our farmers have been able to plant and harvest during the season so that they will not be able to evacuate, but we also speak at the cost of the country's investments from the country to the country.
36. We are charged to find ways to improve our economic growth when we are looking for answers in this difficult situation. This is the decision of the general general general leader.
37. I have signed the COVID-19 president’s efforts on COVID-19, Chairman of the federation of the Nigerian government, and I have signed the law in Abuja, Lagos, and the United States on November.
38. Screenshots, a venues and advisers will be quick to use and revenue revenuees in one place.
39.S ahead, the new
Acconsying from 8am to 6am. This means walking across the world to be the most important of the days.
b.K.
c.G. Absourcelele in the state state parliament will be allowed to carry the items from the company to be used.
.A. I am convinced that we have to use venues in the streets as we keep keep our laughter and cleanness. The government, the largest and carts of the brothers and sisters are encouraged to assist in providing elections to the citizens of the country.
40.N. Because of doubts, Lagos State and Medical Association, will continue until other restrictions suspended on May 4, 2020.
41. The president’s team will provide details for the government, businessmen, and construction.
42.N. According to these above principles, the state has chosen to be selective and to win over a variety of suspensions that are suspended by the statutes.
43.A. I am able to give support to the business and our fighters, who are responsible for providing needed relief and reinstated.
44. These principles do not include Kano State.
45.2 Kano State, I have ordered for two projects immediately. The federal government will send the peoples, vessels, and tools needed to help the state to help the country with the insecurity of the country.
46. Once, I want the former retired staff in the country, who are trying to win this fight. To those who want to win their jobs, you are confident that the government will do your best to help you and your family in the last days.
47.M. I have also seen support from our King, members of the Krísthians in Nigeria, the highest rankings of Islam and the religious organizations with the leaders of the region. The cooperation of
48.M. urges all of you to continue to speak on the Internet in the middle of your worshippers and the residents of your community as to be aware of all the rights and hygiene.
49.Mo thanked the governor’s governor, the federal legislation of the COVID-19 panel for this long time. I am confident that they will be there.
50.Mo wants to thank you for providing great housing, mercy, the United States Branch Committee, the virtues of the country, the retired journalist and assistant support.
51. I would like to thank all Nigerians for patience and cooperation during this difficult time. I assure you that the congregation will do your best to take refuge in the security of every country.
52.Mo thank you for listening to me, but God blesses Nigeria.
--- Nigeria’s security is my primary concern – President Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that Nigeria’s security is the primary concern for the " Police during these challenges and uncertainty".
The President said this was on trial when he spoke to Nigeria on Friday, 27th of April, 2020.
President Muhammadu Buhari said that he had found security and property to be protected, and his government would not hold back from violating the rights of the lawmaker.
"Im after I was deeply saddened, I am convinced that Nigeria will not go away without law."
The President urged all Nigerians to respect the cooperation of lawmakers during the meeting with them.
--- COVID-19: President Buhari retires in Argentina
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari has appealed to Argentina, Northern Nigeria for the inaugural crisis in the country.
President Buhari made a statement on the interview that the project will be scheduled for two weeks in the state of Argentina.
The President also stated that "The federation of the federals will be insecurity in the state to assist the state, on the other side of the country, and not spread to another state that is close to the country.
The president also said that a tournament from one country was the first of the history of the state in the state.
--- NIS beats 13 Nigerians in Togo
The Nigerian Chairman Ile-Greach (NIS) has received from 13 countries from Lachmè, Togo and Seme-Krake.
The spokesman of the NIS, Mr. Sunday James, stated this in a statement in Abuja, when he returned to the courtroomroom at one home.
According to scholar James, 13 people have been imprisoned for the accommodation of Lagos for Corona.
He said, "Behovah also told them to stay at the same time as the winner of the NCCC) forcing the Nigerians to evacuate, to evacuate the country, to evacuate them from a foreign country.
James at the Seme-Krake borders on the road leading to Nigeria, which also transfers with Benin. He said it was no longer necessary to manage the border.
He said that he would pick up the road to go to Nigeria, so the Seme-Krake's federal number has risen away.
He said the coach Muhammad Father has appealed to Nigerian tourists to take care of the roads, as a result of rare criminals and criminal attacks.
--- President Buhari will speak eight times in the country
President Muhammadu Buhari will speak to Nigeria today, April 27, at least three times.
The Tekalus (NTA) Confessionals, radio, and other interviews were thought to join the opening interview in Nigeria (NNN).
The Nigerian surgicals on the subject.
We followed VON Social Media handles:
--- President Buhari will speak with Nigeria today: The president will end the law of registration or increase his days
President Muhammadu Buhari will speak with Nigeria on Monday, April 27, 2020, 8pm.
All Nigerians want to hear about the President Buhari’s plans.
This announcement was made by the president of the report and announcements.
--- Administrator will return on April 28
The Nigerian court will return on Friday after a venue after a demolition of Covid-19-19 in Nigeria.
On the 24th day, the Senate of the Federal Congress began two projects to ensure the security of the CAVID19-19-19-19-19-19-as-final system.
In a letter from the Prime Minister, Mr. Patrick Gií published the release of the federal system in Nigeria to rectify the federal legislation
The release of the release was requested by the administrator and panel of the Senate, who said that they would have been in need of assistance at a special detention center in the courtesy.”
If the federal carts are at home, they will discuss the situation of Corona and the impact on the development of the country.
--- The federal government is investigating the state in Lagos State
The Minister of Health in Nigeria, Osagie Ehanire, said that the federal congregation and the Kano State Congregation are currently studying with Kano, who said that the building would send a certificate for investigation.
Ehanire said the technical player would hold a meeting with the governor of Kanno to beat the club and added that it was unthinkable.
Ehanire also said the team will examine, in the end of the venue, to learn how to improve the quality of the development of the programms in the state.
"An has no evidence of COVID-19 primacy, and we are surprised to hear from the COVID-19-19-19-19
He made it available for us to be more effective when using raids and tactics.
The Minister of Lagos said that the Lagos State had a fine railway and the state of Lagos was quick to face Corona because of their experience in 2014.
The Minister announced that Carnival and Carnival railways, although in the state of Lagos, cannot be compared to the state, since we haven’t had to evacuate.
Ehanire has been detained for 40 health professionals in Nigeria and has been detained in Nigeria.
