[Included] Luz Mely Reyes, which has been held in the face, reminds us of the need for SEBIN Democraz and Soto's home.
The reporter appealed to the audience:
IN SPITE at 3:00 p.m., from the Appeals to the news media and human rights activist Luis Carlos Díaz, which has been accustomed at 5:30 p.m. #NibouisClosarsar
The #DondeEstauisCarlos (now Luis Carlos?), which is now the title on Venezuela Twitter's website.
Deaz is a mediator and an administrator of the old human rights activist and is known for his actions in Venezuela and the sea for militants of Nicholas Maduro.
He has been working with his wife and prominent political prosecutor Naky Soto, who are producing videos and commentats on the world's political and social media in Venezuela.
He has worked as an ambassador and administrator and administrators to the community and special etops of unrest.
Iaz is also a teacher of the Global Voices for ten years.
As for me, Luis Carlos is an intelligent person, one of the strongest reports in Venezuela is insurmountable.
He has searched out in the city (including place) #NiboniLisCarlosWa.
Just days before his shoplifting, the Con el Mazo Dando showed the video Diaz.
Diosdado Cabello, advised Diaz to protest the lack of electricity throughout the country that allowed Venezuela's children to live in darkness for more than four hours on Saturday and 8 months.
There is no piece of evidence.
Seven hours have passed since Luis Carlos Díaz is missing.
[Díaz] is a journalist for Unión Radio Noticias and human rights activism.
We have the capital of SEBIN quarters and #NiboNibouisCarlosWa.
[Included reports: They have denounced them [Diaz is in their currents]
According to journalist Vladimir Villegas, he had never known that the government had arrested him with power:
bodionet Luis Carlos Díaz, is a member of the City House.
We rejoice in the relief of the situation.
We asked for the right to know where he is, and to respect his human rights.
The Global Voices remained loyal with Luis, his family, and all those who arrest the government in Venezuela.
We are expecting him to come immediately in peace and spiritism, reports about this report as he threatens us.
The prosecution of social media will outlaw freedom of online in Nigeria
The bill will be used for global media in Nigeriaj.
From Channel Television Yoube , Dr .
On November 20, Belu, the Senate Constitution which protects Nigeria and Nigeria’s technical technical technical technologies, which are known as "personal automatical telegram", the title Mohammed Sanisa.
The prosecutor's technologies are to deflect rumors and nonreligious statements on social media.
Although the prosecutor, it is not to detain the law to use social media, it will outlaw the freedom of speech on the world, criticism, and social media for a short time.
Nigerians have recently published a registration document in 2016.
If you hear the government (from government)
According to the 1A code, the proposal is to "Osy" is to be allowed to receive an insignificance or inconvenient in Nigeria".
The Nigerians will be freed from the threat of "pertural problems" and will not forget such matters as all health care, security, "morecracy or lower costs" and " international relations alongside other Nigerians.
For 1c, the codex stated how it would be possible to "mote, rule, and protect the use of irregular and global media".
For more information, there is nothing that the new law would be inconvenient if it was on a global scale — in the wagons and rumors.
The prosecutor’s technologies are insurmountable, not all Nigerians will have a place or a place of dwelling, nor a homemacio, but the homeless nightmare of Nigeria's "tery technologies" if you have
For more information on social media:
A person does not want to be indifferent or after the stronghold of Nigeria to reconstruct an irrelevant statement to Nigerians as a total of eight days of refuge in the city.
The Devil’s right to freedom of speech has been " a protection to the nation".
However, there is no way to contradict the Nigerian government or not to be mistaken.
In Article 3b, “extremist or deficient, or defrauding, the government in the public’s view of the world is inconvenient.
According to Article 3b), this is in harmony with the statement: " Too great, to one or to zeal among men".
This is dangerous because it allows officers to abuse power.
Who would say whether a statement might cause tension?
This means that the use of angry organism to make their promise unrestrained.
The high cost of a court case involving 200 and tens of thousands of naira [ $556 to $28,000 U.S.A.]
The Senate orders for temporary access to social media
The prosecutor's proposal has the power to deflect the world's technologies as often as he thinks it is right by means of "Brotherapy" to use the earth as it appears on Article 12,aye.
The Nigeria NCigerian Communication Commission (Nigerian Politation) is advised by the Senate, to conserve instants to ensure that the world's inauguration will be upgrafted in the face of Nigeria's
Approximately, the world's legislatures must be trampled on the bills or have paid some 50,000 naira [$14,000 USD].
In addition, the panel protects the software systems that will not cause "frastructivity or quantity " if it cannot be exempted from an indelible constitution" to the world, such as on the page 12, 5a.
The human rights activism was insurmountable because the law allowed the police to impose a measure of control over their actions.
According to the article 15a, the “presentation of the brain” during " solidarulative investigation" is the key to steering the nation’s radiation.
At the end, “accuracy is not a position for me at the Supreme Court”.
This’s adversary — one will not be able to appeal to the court for the injunction and for the remorse of
Senators at the back of the interview
In a three-judge parliament, the parliament offered the prosecutor: Mohammed Sani Musa (inclusion of law), Abba Moro and Elisha Abbo.
The Mohammed Sani Musa, Activate Technologies Limited, used for the 2019 election, was launched by the Lagos State Council’s president of the National Council of Congresssives.
The Embassy (INEC) appealed to the charge.
This case shows that the elections have not worked without the power of the powerful.
Isha Elisha Abbo’s Democratic Party (PDP) is a representative of the Northern Adamawa Region in Adamawa State, in the northeastern part of Nigeria.
In April 2019, at the police station, Abbo acted with a magistrate in Abuja.
After the exhibition on social media, Abbo offered was aware of his behavior and was absent.
Abba Moro, a member of the PDP, is the representative of the South Benue, central Nigeria.
On March 15, 2014, Moro, the total director of the Nigerian Agricultural Organization, was present at the site of the 40,000 Nigerian Agricultures.
The horrifying culmination of humanity and the destruction of many people.
Iro accepted from executives paying some 675 million naira [ $1.8 USD].
Iro managed to get money to his collaboration and management of the customs legislation.
– #SayNoToSocialialMediaB.
By using the #SayNoToSocialMediaB, Nigerians on Twitter's Twitter's #SayNo
In a statement, Amnesty International appealed to the use of "incident laws of human rights " because it would not kill Nigerians with "including their minds" and "including them to make them feel guilty. "
While misinformation and rumors, it is a matter of concern to the community’s lack of affection.
It is amazement, the politicians are in front of us to post their statements on a global scale.
Twitter’s political party and opponents made Twitter into the battlefield caused unrestrained and unrelenting reports during the 2019 presidential elections.
For more information:
Social media issued racism in the 2019 presidential elections.
Twitter became a battlefield during the 2019 elections
In like manner of freeness of speech in Nigeria, the words of the United States Toni Morrison that brings true satisfaction:
This is the time for artists to work. It is a time for vandalism, a lack of self-grained security, and no space for fear.
We said, written, p'.
The prosecutor's therapy has been considered the second time in the Senate.
Before making a law, a parliament was to be examined by legislators, and the Commissioner would review the results of his visit to the Executive Committee to investigate it and then release another venue.
We should take seriously the committee’s decision to dismiss the bills.
As a result of the most famous country in Adlulá, the government will be defrauded as soon as freedom of speech has been established.
The Tanzanian highest court has authorized an erosion between adults and children without regard for its restoration
" THIS is the best decision a building will make"
Girls in Tanzania represent the picture on March 10, 2007. Fanny Schertzer, used with permission from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
In March 2019, Tanzania's highest court upheld the 2016 highest verdict, both girls and boys should have been married for 18 years.
The Tanzanian government has agreed to reverse this decision, since girls are becoming increasingly puberty and that marriage is a safer place for pregnancies.
However, on March 23, Tanzania's Tanzanian government lost its appeals to the high court's highest court hearing: Eighteen days before marriage, and this adds to the aid of children in Tanzania.
According to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), Tanzania is the world's highest level of growth.
Economics are eager to express their joy over the project.
Some greeted Rebeca Z. Gyumi, a sleeping person and a respected person in the case of children.
Gyumi is the founder and executive secretary of Msichana Initiative (Today's Young People), a nonpriestly government that sustains girls through school.
Advocate to end child abuse in Tanzania
In 2016, Gyumi pointed to the power of marriage; Law of Marriage, 2002 (LMA) which allows an unbaptized 18-year-old woman to get married.
According to a study of Tanzania Demographic and Health Survey (TDDHS), 36 percent of women in 25-49 were married before they were 18 years of age, with men at the age of 5.
The law LMA convened a 14-year-old girl to get married with a family of five-year-olds, when 18 years were the youngest day for son.
Through his representatives, Gyumi explained that LMA’s defense against a woman was of greater importance to men than women.
In the meantime, it has been said that the federal education of girls has been misinterpreted and that girls have benefited from education.
Gyumi urged the Supreme Court to hold LMA’s defense.
Higher buildings are not held.
On the other hand, they found it illegal and allowed the government for a year to reconsider what was wrong in the state of LMA.
By means of a representative of the judges, the government has been authorized to hold marriage between 18 years and women and men.
However, the enveloping representative disclosed the decision and wrote a registration to the Supreme Court:
With government authorities: I have received #childmarriage registration. The 204th of the month’s 204 Constitutional Court.
Further: Mozambia causes children to become involved in crime
Fortifications
During four months of court hearing, the government decided to reconstruct the 2016 reconstruction of LMA, which allowed her to have five girls as puberty to marriage.
The prosecutor, Mark Mulwambo and Alesia Mbuya, constelled the conduct of both women and men of traditional culture and religious laws.
Ms. Mbuya said that boys and girls " are accountable to the rights of men " and that they are respected by the law.
He added that because girls are more prone to teenagers than boys, the law holds them out to be safe and safe for a young girl who is no longer married for the next day.
He further stated that the court failed as a “believance of the child’s age and age due to marry”, which implied that it was the right thing to do in the land and that the court had a right to set matters straight for a man's marriage and a woman.
Economics are quick to defraud the purpose of the prosecution.
Addition: Mozambique, Cote d'Ivoire, placed a fee for the rights of women and children
A single woman
The court advised a violation of the harmful practices of girls and of all races and telegrams of child rearing in Tanzania.
For the United Nations, to be passed on to the average female in 2030, the government has to make amends on the rights and legal applications that will bring about the adoption.
The results of research showed that the proper date of marriage is related to a list of edited books and petitions (TDDHS 201).
In Tanzania, it has six years of age between a girl who is not at school and those who read higher or higher education.
In Tanzania, pregnanced or unwanted pregnancies should be placed in pre-gnancible prisons.
A pregnanced student does not return to school even when she has a child.
Children’s irresponsible defenses are aimed at protecting children from pretense in school.
In Tanzania, girlfriends and girls do not have the opportunity to finish their studies, as a result of the fall of Tanzania National Survey, 2017.
The magnitude banned the irregularity to a good life for the student to complete his studies without delay.
Even so, student girls who are struggling with the law are still not going back to school.
The national identity of the country of Jamaica that Kanye West used became a major issue of ‘extremist”
The marketplace on Jamaica became the world's marketplace
Kanye West sings at the Garden benefit, New York City, March 10. Photo by Jason Persse, CC BY-SA 2.0.
The four-ternational players of the United States Kanye West revenue to Kingston, Jamaica, at the end of the 192th International Convention (1921, 2019
This is the first time that the musical instrument will be removed from the United States by means of a bribe to a national government in which he has brought the program to his hometown.
However, the revenue from its early stages, which includes Hojo with the national identifications of Jamaica, West We made up of the marketplace that was sold on the international market without permission to use it.
Within two days, the Emancipation Park in the capital city of Kingston, the capital of the country, had taken place — on the basis of the controversies of West's controversies about the slave trade in May 2018.
The site was released in 2002 for "presentation" for 300,000 slaves in Jamaica on Saturday, September 1, 1838.
This may be the first part of the melody, but it is the last one.
Especially was Olivia "Babsy" Grange’s attack on opposers when he said that the nation made the revenue in the revenue, as the lyrics of the revenue that the revenue of the international community is attached to the rise. "
In addition, the residents of Kingston, who are slowly approaching, washed the turbulent and calm as those who managed to get home in the morning.
Unquestionably, the revenue has thousands of Neve Jamaicans enjoyed the revenue held by the Jamaican Volunteers.
Reports of the street news are that there may be a measure of security in (Italic Day’s Day) to obtain identification for Kingston, Jamaica, and long-speaking bird.
I have made some studies on the world and have found that I am not grateful for the occasion, and I am meeting their marketplace on the sophisticated world with these irregular and social networking programs.
The fact is that governments do not always respond to the negotiations of the ‘Jamaica’ or identification programs, such as the flag salute and shield.
He also saw for our music and music, Ska, Mento, Rock Steady, Reggae, and so on.
Jamaica’s landscape is not quick to give attention to the mechanical fashion that holds a stereotype of the island that will catch the people.
If the marketplaces are hosted in Emancipation Park, which makes more progress from government and citizens of Jamaican people in a special way.
I have noted that the Economic and Social Services of Kingston are preparing emergency supplies to buy something back.
I think the government has a high-constructive system.
Of course, attorneys must still be able to unwittingly dissensitize the use of the national flag in Jamaica.
Victims of death’ in Guinea are the result of President Alpha Condé’
"Several cities have turned their backs on this development"
The loss of what is going on in Guinea to send France 24.
Violent crime in Guinea on April 14, which has caused many deaths and mass murders after the protest against the president of Alpha Condé, who is planning to turn away from him for the third time.
The streets of the capital, Conakry, and other cities have become victims of war between law enforcement and protesters.
The police station has seized a new opportunity to use a deadly weapon in its own eyes.
Protesters have sent 6 people to the basement, which includes a police officer in the Pones, and hundreds of people kill themselves.
Further: Guinea's disabled people have the authority to use a deadly weapon
Protesters do not allow prosecutive documents to be found as presidential elections to be in place for three quarters.
Really, the prosecutor has two years to take the presidential office from Condé, 81 years old, to complete in October 2020.
Protesters are more likely to be suspended on the basis of the violation of the law, as the Human Rights Watch Watch
Translation Original Quote
Human Rights Watch today, the state of Guinea has already steered into the streets for a year, pointing to the safety of the city.
Local authorities have raided more than 20 tons of political parties and others.
Failures have opened up among those who do not hear to dispel them, and millions of people have been arrested.
In the case of the political upheaval, the royal court declares self - deplorable: On April 13, President Condeni appealed to social media:
Translation Original Quote
Alpha Conde has called for disclosure and wants the seating as a collaborator to address the nation’s challenges.
However, Ahmed Tidiane Traoré, the presidential candidate, said on March 12, on March 12, — a two-year horrific cave — for the passengers of the RuPGruun Reunion of the People of Guinea:
Translation Original Quote
The young members of the political party were encouraged to fill the streets with caution.
They [included opponents] have caused problems, prosecutors from the group have been invited to seek relief from the problem, but not against the problem, assuming no property, than a protection.
All evildoers will be exposed to humanity.
Two dispersers of city headlines have caused anger like the globalguineefoot movement, which says:
Translation Original Quote
On October 14, 2019, the veterancy of the Destruction Day was abducted by the FNDC (NNDCCC).
The attack took place in the regions of the capital city.
In the center of the city administration in Kalou.
Those in Central and Oriental Guinea also responded to the call and joined the rest of the country.
In the rurals and Mountains of Guinea, there are fewer men.
However, many cities have turned their backs on the government.
At the benbere.org, the interviews for young people in Mali, journalist Adam Thiam, wrote:
Translation Original Quote
Currently, in Guinea, with the sounds taking place, the horrors have washed and committed hundreds of protests, in the streets, in the streets, in the faces, in the faces, in the faces, in the faces, in the faces, in the faces, and in the faces, in the face, in the face, in the face, in the face, in the faces of the
On social media media:
Like Blaise Compaoré [ Burkinabé] Alpha Condede is heading for destruction, will I be able to fill her family’s homes?
It is now a day before we know it.
On March 15, journalists Guinea Bhiye Bary wrote:
Hamdallaye (#Conakry): Some citizens were awakened by police in the morning.
According to one person, the police are squading the doors and carrying the homes of the householder.
S. Nkola Matamba, author and human rights advocates of the Congo National Socialist community, expressed sympathy:
Opposers at one time, attempting to change the law for a third time, whether it would have to do so until the end of the day, Alpha Condé is a model for the success of Nigerians !
Brothers in Guinea, keep the heart strong!
#GUINE – it is a surprise. Conditions for the third time that takes the lives of the people.
Destruction politicians on the president's office are increasing as Amoulanfe— Cheikh FallTM ( @cypher007) on April 14, 2019
According to Guinea Macky Darsalam Regionalam, citizens have made the following following:
Opposers of Guinea also have no security at the time of the attack: government officials in general have refused to controversies from October 11, 2019.
The violence against political parties has led to a dramatic increase in the mediaguinee.org:
Translation Original Quote
.. The capital of the Federation of Republic Forces (URF) located in the regions of Sidya Touré, there was a vacuum between opponents and those who wished to prevent the protest of the protest on the day of protest in the affected areas.
The attack came to an end after the release of the URF group of six unknown people and political parties.
#Sexex BeforeGrades: The social media exposes sexual harassment at the University of Olivion
The shamefulness of those affected by the earthquakes
Boniface Igbeneghu, Nigeria’s Attensive Syndrome Managing Survey, has made a scrutiny of many times (BC #Sex BeforeGrades)
#Sexex InjuGrades, a BBC program on a tournament that has been made with international teams in Nigeria and Ghana has helped to create a technical patronological system that has drawn together the lines of societies on each side of the world:
The investigative investigation, which was released on March 7, 2019, by journalist Dr. Kirdi, who was unable to complete his studies because he didn't want to do anything with his coach, who was trying to get out of the test because he didn't care for him:
Boniface Igbeneghu, Lagosians, whose conduct has been linked with professionals in BBC surgeon.
Photo by BBC #Sex FGrades.
A survey of one hour exposed the behavior of “intention for academic love" at the University of Lagos: University of Lagos (UNIG) Nigeria and the University of Ghana.
Boniface Igbeneghu, a spokesman at the UNILAG and a priest of the Foursquare Gospel, in Lagos, are among the most frightening students.
We see Igbeneghu in the BBC organization that has expressed interest in a young girl who is a 17-year-old student who is unsuspectingly reporting a surgical report for BBC.
Do you not know that you are a beautiful girl ?
“We know that I am a religious minister, and I am about 50 years old, if I want to have a good word and money at the age of 17
At a meeting of the two, the shneghu was killed by the fire and asked the girl to kiss and then hugged her in her cracket.
The Foursquare Congregation has set up Igbeneghu’s work " with the work of the good news".
Also, Igbeneghu has been expelled from school and has been invited to the " cold room", which has been held at a revenue in which pupils are hosted.
Over the past few decades, tragedys
The unrestrained bread has produced hundreds of Nigerians on earth with the #Sex REGrades on Twitter.
Much of the females in Twitter's Twitter are expressed by their experiences on sexual behavior:
On the other hand, a schoolteacher and literary organization explains " very shy" when an executive collaborator (DDVC) signifies an undesirable place:
Nigeria’s college collaborators have damaged women.
Still, because of the shame of those who have been physically injured, it is not easy to stand up for sarcastices.
In 2016, the ECHR issued a five-year prison sentence for a student who was convicted in a court case with a university student in "New Administrative Regional Constitutional Court".
However, the Nigerian Inspired Secretary, the Minister of Nigeria, noted that he was concerned about the lack of authority and the power of higher education.
The prosecutor's announcement scrutinizes the law — and this does not cause the president to beat it.
The #Sex FGrades are the typhoon of #ChurchToo new?
During the last seven months of this year, the famous artist Bé Dakolo accused him of being a prisoner, the high priest of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA), that he had a good relationship with him when he was 16 years old.
Further: A priest or a manslayer?
Evangelizer in dealings with rape
For the past six years, Vegalter has seen the verdicts of rape together.
However, Dakolo’s interview with journalists led to controversy over the world as a repugnant.
For a short time, the place of worship; #ChurchTo — my example in the world #MeTooo — won't be Nigerian.
The prosecution is rampant on the streets of the cities of Nigeria, such as Lagos and Abuja.
The notice of the house of worship #ChurchToos encouraged the government to "mote the suffering of a woman and a girl.”
The religious building #ChurchToo opens with a view to "including crimes and especially in Nigeria’s worship".
He has given women the opportunity to discipline from their mouth.
Like #ChurchToo, #Sex FGrades has already expressed concern about the abuse of violence as a result of the unrestrained behavior of women who do not sincerely want to be publicized.
Will this unrestrained self-determination be the means by which it will rectify high school buildings as a protection for women?
It is only time and time to speak.
The only lyrics in Zanzibar are about to be
The Dhow f'orin, Swahili National Music Center
The students from Dhow (DCMA) are using qan, calculation, and fear at the Stonewn Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Thousands of rugged guests come to Stone Town, Zanzibar, which is full of history, have psychologists of the Dehow (DCMA), Indian musical and lyricultic lyrics at the Swahili
Since 2002, the school has played a role in the development of Arabic, Indian, and Adlululuent Mexican music.
After the end of the 17th century, the school was unable to earn enough money and could have caused the school to die.
In a report published by the DCMA, 70 percent of the students are unable to pay for their schools about $13 USD.
Despite the kind support of the students who have contributed to the school’s revenue, the revenue is still worth the price so that it has made it available to the school in the Legal Constitutional Court.
Without adequate funds to advance, DCMA and laborers are afraid of the security that results from the famous school that played this island — it is in darkness.
Music and hereditary are not the only schools to be popular, but it is a house for young people who are living in a place where they are going to increase their knowledge.
DCMA plays qan, a musical instrument. Photo from DCMA from DCMA.
"A [froms] will not be the case during the turbulent period", executive director of the DCMA, Alessia Lombardo, in the DCMA video
From now on into six months to this time, we have no clear evidence that we will be able to pay the month for educators and workers".
During this time, the 19-year-speaking parables and other employees have worked for three months without having to go home because of the lack of money in school.
According to the World Bank Accounts, despite the fact that the school's location is for the tournaments and the wealthiest of the world, many indigenous people are more demanding than ever before.
For 17 years, DCMA has worked as a laborer by using music as a lyrics and asset to Zanzibar's tradition.
The lyrics, Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, also known as the Bi. Kidude, Zanzibar, are the lyrics and syndics that are between the Swahili communities.
In today’s day, students may sing like adventure, mogoma and kidumbak, with additional instruments like witchcraft, qanund, and aud, as a democracy — and abinististist, as well as a culture and culture.
Neema Surri, we sold violin in DCMA, has been playing with violin violin since nine years old at the DCMA video.
"Mo knows young people who will be interested in music that they will not pay for school executives because they do not have a job.
The students of DCMA are playing a musical instrument in the Old World Cup, at the school, in Stone Town, Zanzibar, in the year 2019 DeMA.
At the end of a year’s schooling and at the end of a year, many of DCMA's students are advanced and played worldwide.
Mr. Zanzibar, former student of DCMA, formerly a school student at the same school, Amina Omar Juma and his hometown, renowned with a group of players, who are "cluding the traditional lyrics " in the history of the country" and playing in the modern-officults.
He said, a few members of his group and group of DCMA at one time had their first songbook, "Fusing the Roots", in 2018, brought a glimpse of Iutiti in Busarasara, which is the most widely celebrated year in the year 2018.
Siti and the “Nielewe" (Palter”) and the songbook, which featured the scene, depicting the story of a woman with a synchronological surgeon, which is similar to that of Omarma Juma himself:
Further: Singers of the Oriental Land, Adlulu, Singerper, singer at the throat of men.
History of the use of customs and relationships
About 15,000 guests have watched sports, training, and musicians on the future in prestigious schools.
The school has made use of various nationalistic practices, which are located near the Indian Ocean and Persia Centre.
The Omani Sultanate, who is " the stronghold of the sea rowers in the 17th century and 19th centuries ago, set up his chair from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From Stone Town, Omani's kings were passing through the typhoon, as well as gold, and clothing, as a result of the severe storms of Arabic husbands — dhows — on the shores of Indian Sea, from Indian Oman to
Young ones in Zanzibar are known for their great achievements for their future developments and are playing the modern - day musical recordings.
The students and students of DCMA recently issued the release of "TaraJaz", which is the traditional music of the Jazz today.
Ata violin, Felician Mussa, a 20-year-year-year-old player for three and a half years; TaraJaz is one of the most famous group on the islands, which is in the picture picture picture pictured by Aque Colle:
The Swahili region provides an account of DCMA's cultural growth in it with its lyrics .
Each year, the school hosts for the "Lal Swahili" program, which brought the colossal syndrome from Nigeria, Abusolun, Elude and North America along with its students DCMA to play a special role.
At the end of the "from", the new congress will be replaced in Sauti za Busara, and the relationship will become an unfamiliar and multilingual contract, which makes it clear that the entire language is the same.
DCMA sings musical instruments for playing the students and demonstrations of hospitality, Stone Town, Zanzibar, 2019. D.CMA.CMA
DCMA finds music as a powerful tool to the people and as a source of indiscrimination and tradition — and also provides opportunities for young people who are striving to eat.
For 1,800 students who have been trained in DCMA, this is the only location of the musical building, where they are playing and have the satisfaction of learning about music and singing.
A tourist from Spain, who visited DCMA, wrote to TriipAdvisor: "Os at the meetings were when the musicians gave meet on this island".
While Zanzibar’s department is considering, DCMA believes that music has a significant role in promoting and promoting culture, heritage, and history of Swahili.
Zanzibar is far more than the beaches and the priceless hulls of his goods.—included with rich people who have gifts in porch as a result of the unrestrained and unrestrainable interaction of the community.
Insurance of the Secretary: The author has worked lovingly with DCMA.
Dealing still saves lives in India
Superstition and lack of aware bitch at witch-ting in India
Photo by Anumeha Verma Verma Verma
On April 20, at least four adults were killed without being arrested on trial in the Gumla region of Jharkhand, India after being charged.
According to the media, the elderly killed a man, and they were convicted by the Panchayat village of Panchayat.
These four elderly ones were evacuated into their homes, and the men beaten them with trees until they were infected.
A group of cocaine people have been in the police.
According to the first police documented by Times of India, hunting at Jharkhand has sent 123 people to denouncing in the middle of Lagos between 2016 and February 2019.
In 2016, 134 people became self-censive apprehension for using “practic drugs” as the National Institute of State.
Increasing Disease
"Brother is not new in Jharkhand", Prem Chand, Olusion, and Free Legal Aid Committee (FLAC) in Jharkhand, interviewed a speaker.
FLAC has been acting in accordance with the law against hunting in Jharkhand.
The company began working in this region in 1991 when neighbors accused a woman of losing a boy in death.
It is no wonder that some cocaines beat her and kill her husband and son.
He killed himself.
When Prem Chand and his colleagues visited the detains, they faced the challenge:
They were told that they were standing on the charges against them.
They also believe that if a person who is called to be vaccinated into a land, he will lose the power of his magnitude.
Prem Chand said that one aspect of the community:
During the streets, poor women are actively involved.
These venues are the Adivasis, Harijans, and Dalits
The dignity of women and the excellence of law to the dignity of all citizens.
Community and Organization
Professionalists say that the unrestrained faith in the country is causing the fatality.
At the same time, the health careless and grievous health systems of the region where the debased moral standards are as common.
These cases have shown that it starts with rumors .
Despite the Indian ban on pretension, the pamphlets found it as a protection.
Also, women are criticized for seizing property, using marijuana power or violence.
Prem Chand says:
Probably, just as soon as you call a woman to an vaccination, you can bow down to her for abuse.
Still, it is vital to learn that this abuse of sexual immorality is a matter of concern to women and is not a valid reason for it.
Of course, unrestrained, killnchayat usually involves elections even if it does not command punishment.
As far as killnchayat is chosen, some claim to have panchayat position without any authority in the country.
These groups punish people and nobody else.
A police officer in the Ajmer region of Rajasthan in 2017 struck the death of a 40-year-old woman.
According to the law, the court issued a violation of these cases whether from the panchayats appointed and panchayat office.
However, those who were injured in the poor have the opportunity to have a constitution before coffin cocaine coffins meet them.
Engagement throughout India
Jharkhand has noted the largest number of treaties related to hunting, but not just the state.
Odisha, Gujarat, West Bengal Assam, Bihar, Maharashtra and Rajasthan.
During a 2014 quake, Debjani Bora, Indian prosecutor has been absent.
According to Debjani, he was charged with a host of lives at the Cherekali village of 180 from Guwahati, Indian capital.
The mayor of the village’s prayers, named after being punished by people in the community.
In 2017 in Rajasthan.
Among other things, a 40-year-old girl named Kanya Devi saw the attack and was killed after her cousin accused her in the region of Ajmer.
Selfish and Identious Ones
People are being accused of counterfeits: man's death or animal life, drought, lack of crops, and so on.
The attack against these women (included men) is like wild beasts.
At times, the accusations and the suffering of the job will come from a family member.
Some live and tell their stories and fight for their rights.
One of them was Chutni Mahato of Saraikela in Jharkhand.
People from the region call him "tigress".
Since 1995, it has been accustomed to rehabilitation of women’s victims with the backdrop of the
Chutni points out how a lack of support made it difficult to fight against immorality.
Refusion from government officials and government for the work being done here.
Yet, I have suffered for this crime.
If someone approaches me for help, I will be supportive, he said in a interview of the speaker.
Increasing Opposition
Experts and activists feel that people of all backgrounds have not put an end to prey.
Prosecutors who were interviewed showed that the government's deficiency and social instinctivity has not weakened.
The best thing is that those who oppose this evil act believe that it can change.
In Prem Chand:
Efforts to put an end to hunting can be achieved by the government’s declaration of literacy programs.
Also, those who are proficient have to evacuate’s responses.
B. Vijay Murty, both journalist and Jharkhand, has been able to discriminate.
Treatment of the unscrupulous people in Myanmar
Ayeyar Maung has a meal. / Aung Kyaw Htet / The Irrawaddy
The article was entitled Aung Kyaw Htet, written for The Irrawaddy, a world reporter in Myanmar, whose Global Voices in accordance with the commitment.
When the forest officials saw him in an irregular, Eomirrawaddy, Ayeyar Sein was three months later.
One of the pipelines has squaded celebrities.
The government had donated his life and was transferred to an elephant community in Bago area for treatment.
This is the eighth elephant refuge in Wingabaw, a safe haven for milling elephants of Myanmar.
Another youth, Ayeyar Maung.
Before the scene turned into the camp, the six months have been struck with ropes.
He memorized in the same stones that we had seen Ayeyar Sein, the rest of his hands left him.
However, he was released by the oversight of the overseers and became the campus last year.
Both are the least tiny elephants of the camp; four years are the oldest elephants in their hand.
All of them have a story or another caused to suffer from the fall of human circumstance.
Some do not see their partners, they become unrestrained after those who kill animals in the massacre of their parents.
While in the camp at Wingabaw, young elephants who do not have the parents have the baby on the pretext provided for them.
They are allowed to eat in the morning and bathe in a small stream near before returning to the camp.
Currently, Myanmar is about 1,500.
But it is a shocking thing to see those who keep their lives in prerequisite to live on earth, killing one elephant once.
Tobago's internet showed that there is no alternative way to improvements
The island's reefs are on "Bleaching Alert Level One"
Iy, like the rugged coach. Photo by Matt Kieffer, CC BY-SA 2.0.
Tobago and the surroundings of the island are just as simple as they are.
Each member of the water group (included fishing for the local fishermen), and protecting the port, which does not keep the shorelines safe.
The remains of the Buccoo Reef, a popular 3-manned massacre that the tourists are at the same time safely.
But after a statement to the National and Atmospheric Administration Institute (IMA) released on February 22, 2019, it was not uncommon for the National and Atmospheric Administration (NOAal Refyerererererererererererererererererererererererererererererererer’seral Re
It is no longer known, the transition could start within a few weeks and would cause damage to the lives of these corals, other species and islanders.
What is the target?
On the other hand, the community and social media are the leaf that provides nutrition and osteoarthritis.
These tools will provide the strength needed for growth, but the irrigation of the water is connecting the relationship.
If water is too high (or cooler than cooler) the corals will have to be on the leaves of the water — and it will lose its balanced supply.
Eventually, the hunger will die; the transformation will be the identifying mark, the blanket from the blade and the vegetation to the bone.
The First Advancement declares that if we do not want to do something, the corals will begin to rub off.
IMA recommended that practitioners and citizens wear the water for calculations between nine and 12 weeks.
The second step will be fixed on the globalization and the death of corals.
Why is this so often?
According to the societist of the Ganase Experts, the drought that recruits Tobago is the mountain of water that has been transformed — which is part of the transformation.
In the Ganaseel, Ganase explained that the sea is causing a great deal of heat and a cause for water — especially the irrigation of irrigation, such as the Caribbeana — it is very hot.
In fact, 12-year-old NOA Tobago points to Lesser Antilles.
Deadly stones in the region, such as the Greater Antilles and Cuba, have been located in the Tropics, Volume II:
What is her killing?
Dangers are dangerous.
Because of the need for fishing, it also stands as a house for the fish and for the fish that have not yet washed in the floodwaters, for this, if the fish is lost, the fish will go with them.
If you do not, then the work of the fishers.
Tobago, a indigenous tourist; 40 tourists from this island are looking for these flooding.
If protests continue, people will not see a heavy stone, the dollar will be unsettled and receptionaled with the reception agencies: the building, the home of a husband and a traveling company.
If storms continue to increase as a result of higher temperatures, high levels of sophisticated calculations must be involved in the transition of irrigation and cerebral pancratitions — but the world's blastssssing system is conserving to work.
It has been said that the top of Tobago is about 90 shores.
At the University of West Indies in 2018, Professor John Agardd said that this work will increase as the storm increases and increase increase increase in the number of hurricanes.
What can we do to stop him?
According to Ganase, the lack of access to the water has resulted in the loss of fish and pollution of the environment.
Over time, government and security are the only ones responsible for the restoration and growth:
It should become something to be lost for the crowds, so that the ransom works to restore the healthy fish and fresh water that will make it grow again.
He added:
The challenge is to reduce the risks of environmental smoke, and mankind has the right to ask for advances from governments to provide what will lead to sustain sustaining, tools, and education by training and training.
We have to rule and care for our material needs, whether it is a government or a large corporation that uses these resources.
It has been done for the government of the same island to announce the global responsibility of combating globalization.
On April 11, 2019, the director of Barbadia Mia Mottley mentioned this problem at the University of Geneva, encouraging the international community to reconstruct the change.
He said, the Caribbean island, " it is at a time when it is " working on the job of life ".
Ganase believes that the situation is immediate.
Everything he agrees to get around and a snare from the turmoil is to give him, he says, especially "isan" to those who are making politics:
As we watch, it will not be easy, but there is another way out.
Journey: Explosive Sports
Television was like a sacrifice to the hikers
Natasha Sinegina (CSA 4.0).
Photo by Jon Evans (CC BY 2.0).
Photo by Georgia Popplewell.
In 2019, there was no mention of the spirituality of the Lawgiver, writer and secretary of Nigerians, on the road to Lagos on the Eudela Forum on Elenburgh at Edinburgh,
The British High Commissioner in Nigeria said that the “extremism” did not guarantee that the UK would be released after the end of the
UK’s UK stated that the passport was reconstructed. The law returned to Nigeria,
Some have been unable to see this. In April 2019, at the UK railway stations, a 25-year-old collaborators are not allowed to join the London London Economics Summitit.
Advocates who have perfect access to the pandemic, have not seen a passport that will play a role in the “presentment of the deadly plague".
‘O will not return!’
It is not only the shame that the unrestrained incentives are taking with them — so it refers to the genocide and support of the belief that its solemn and uninvited conspirators have been until he has been fooled into the belief that he is until he has been fooled by the objectsssctainted.
Foregleams of the “Petery’s right to leave whatever time it will be, including the Nigerians and relocate to the venue when it comes to the vicinity of the
The facts, however, if there are no passports and passports, it is not easy to use.
In some countries , traffic questions are not available in other countries.
In the 2019 Henley Passport Index, Japan and Singapore are the most convenient country in which it is available in Angola, Egypt, and Haiti.
Further: ‘Italics: Tanzanian stars don't have access to passports in US.
Writer of Kenya Ciku Kimeria defines living without the " right to packaging".
The woman said that a passport was not the only one in another because " you have to answer such questions as ‘What are here?"
which is asked by high officials, if the answer to their questions is simple, the traveler may find himself at the very least.
For tourists who are going out to poor countries, questions for passports are like sacrifices for hungry wanderers.
The Quest Victim of Global Voices (Gree), the director of the World's Voices in English, gave his experience when he asked for a passport with Lisbon, Portugal for the 2019 Communion Council of Commons Summit:
I was shocked when I received a report report that I would give the first talk at the CC-Funt Lisbon District Convention in 2019. . . . .
On April 18, 2019, just a few days before my birthday, I picked up what was asked for a passport to join Lisbon in VFS Globalisation in Lekkiki, Lagos.
The conference was 9 to 11-year-old, but it was only 15 days for passports to be released.
On the day I had to leave for Portugal, I had not yet received a textbook back.
Eleven days after the railway conference, I received an invitation to go to VFS.
Superstitions, delights.
One problem is the lack of transportation, and another is the high cost of transportation in the country.
I was devastated by the loss of the Nigerian High School of Economics that did not keep hills in the seas; I couldn't make it necessary to return money to those who have money.
I’m saddened that they have dulled my rights as an independent person to join my former gang members.
They kicked me!
The problem: For scores of passengers in Nigeria
It is difficult to get out of the country — but it is also difficult to travel in the country.
Countless children in Northern countries can travel to many countries without having a passport, or with a limited amount of transportation, hundreds of millions of people need transportation.
The World Voice of Nigerians, Nigeria Rosemary Abuja, describes " tourists who are traveling throughout the country ":
I am happy that we are considering what is happening in children’s eyes when they ask for travel and what is related to Western countries.
This doesn't put me like the calculation of Nigerians who are traveling throughout the country.
In RightsCon, Tunis, and GlobalFact, which took place in Cape Town, I asked the Nigerians if they needed a passport.
On our break day, I learned that a Nigerian official is not here in GlobalFact because he has no passport.
It should not be said that there should be no subcontinents in the country before they can enter Tunis.
In the meantime, I made a reporter from the Oriental Surgery that asked him to provide for the driver's résumé that will be carried out in the fields of Nigeria.
According to Rosemary, tours in the country have to be removed from the country before the instants arrive at the suburbs in the middle of the country.
At a railway conference, the World Football Federation (IATA) set the pattern in Accrau in June, Lagos State President Mahamumumuwu Bamiwu Bayuagnosis for a tour of the Leowtra, for example of a tournamented Leowtraguer's Vicement of Ghana.
The budget is worth the effort.
Is it realistic to believe that the Senate would not return home?
Total rescues were operated on the Canary in 2006.
Photo by Noborder Network. (C BY 2.0)
In the 2010-2017-2017, the international community in Southern Sahara Sahara City is the largest city in the world.
Many Nigerians are fleeing from starvation and tensions, seeking to find shelter, inheritances, or domines in the United States or at Eroy.
According to Pew 2018, the number of suburbs from Southern Sahara Desert " has increased by 50 percent or more in the mid - 2010 and 2017, than 17 percent in the same season".
Magnitudes from Southern Sahara City are also migrating to all parts of the world.
In 2014, 170,000 nonstopsies were shipping Mediterranean to Italy.
Many came from Southern Sahara City.
In December 2018, Brazil's 25 people from Southern Sahara City have " been in search of the Atlantic for a month".
The tour of Cape Verde. During the February 2019, US Customstoms of the US City City Council of Delel Rio, USA, USA, arrested 500 people from the Democratic Republic of Congo in Del, Texas, US
Various reports have reported that the state is the center of poverty and war, yet, Marie-Laurence Flahaux and Hein De Haas, the societists from Oxford and the University of Amsidam, had never ceased to exist.
Flahaux and De Haas argued that even the shrines of human society were "effic and industrious" and the collaborators.
The investigation argued that railway implements from Western lands have been linked to "practice developments and changes" that are moving to the world's larger communities — which are not a major threat to global life.
These prosecutors are the main cause of passport regulations:
Many countries believe that all tourists will not return to his country, as long as the traveler has a passport.
It is not easy to open the eyes of those who are not native to the name of the bad name of the country that has been named in Nigeria.
In this regard, Nigerians have the responsibility to make an international tourism program. The only passport for all nations in the
Single African Air Transport market (SAATM), and Continental Free Trade Agreement Agreement, which last year, has improved the quality of these developments.
At this time, as Seleucians, it is the effort to have the experience of those who are traveling to the hills — or is relentlessly woven from the sole volcano that no longer exist.
No matter what this was, a passport was demanding a sacrifice and made it clear.
Social media and social media were released during the elections of Nigeria
Television has become increasingly alarming about social media during elections
The presidential election of December 28, 2015, in Abuja, Nigeria. Photo from the U.S.A. Football Federation/ Idika Onyukwu (Inter 2-0 Democratic Republic of Nigeria).
This is the first of the most powerful report in the history of the world in Nigeria during the 2019 elections.
You can get the second part of the story here.
On March 23, the Nigerians elected the president and new congress.
Two candidates are the presidential candidates, the president, who is on the thirteenth of thousands of elections, and Atiku Abubakar, along with "stalled swords 56 to 41".
Buhari’s oath was made for four years on March 29, 2019.
Add: #NigeriaDecides2019: All that you need to know about this year's elections
However, the campaign was made with all its advantages, without arguing.
The telegraphic and social media are likened to airports in the Twitter world.
Hate in Nigeria
Around 250 and 500 – it has been a source of insecurity rather than security.
This shows how it was during the elections of the political parties that the telegram used to advertise.
From land to land, the international community in Nigeria has not gone unrestrained.
Top: Nigeria: Toximates of unwanted hatred — in the face and on the world.
During 2015’s elections, for example, the Twitters in Nigeria became the site and the place of the two supporters, Goodluck Jonathan (PDPP, son of Iwja) and MuhammaduAPC, Halea Fulani.
Twitter has become a railroad for protests of racism and for political parties.
Some think that the 2019 season will turn out as a result of Buhari’s organization of All Progresssive Development (APC) and Abubakar from the State Council of Human Rights (PDP) and the two of the Hausa, Fulanile, who had never experienced it.
The team – Yoruba, son of Yoruba, and Peter Obi (PDP), Igbo’s retired from ethnic backgrounds — but not from societies.
He wants to reconstruct.
Every aspect of Nigeria’s politics has been rampant in 2017, two years before the start of elections and has contributed to the lack of political neutrality.
The Biafra Indigenous People of Biafra (IPOB), a Nigerian congregation of Nigeria’s Nnamdi Kanu, contributes to the ongoing conflict.
Top: As the threat of deformity increases, writers in Nigeria also take action
Destructivity in northern Nigeria has resulted in the southern part of the livestock culminants who fight against the gangs.
Some journalists “incensensive Fulanindans have entered the southern part of the state as a legislation of sedition.
Nigeria’s government is to investigate the attack against the attack and "philum of those who have been executed in law", and the attack caused some 40,000 deaths since 2015, according to the Amnesty International International International.
Since the end of the year’s elections, lawyers have continued to increase before the elections of 2019 presidential elections.
Unrestrained, he took time to receive a report – in the face and on the world – during elections.
Importances and Global Economics in Nigeria
The number of tourists in Nigeria increased from 98.3 in 2017 to 100.5 million in 2018.
Facebook is the prerequisite of Nigerians with tens of thousands of people on the YouTube Peninsula (scriminals 7 and 7,000) in the Twitters 6,7.
Many Nigerians are young and old, including 84,000 votes registrated for the 2019 World Cup, half-old — 51 — and 30 and 50 years of age.
These are days, which include embezzlement and sophisticated technologies, are the largest number of Nigerian electors.
As a result, it is not surprising that unrestrained technologies are a major threat to the 2019 elections.
As a result, it is difficult to keep in mind the secular reports during the 2019 elections.
Unrestrained reports declare the good news, and the two most prominent political parties in Nigeria were attacked by the All Progressive Congressss (APC) and the Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Regional Reg
According to January 28, 2018, and March 29, 2019, hate speech has been an insignificant railway for the unresolved report to the two political parties in Twitter's elections during the 2019 presidential elections.
These observations are reconstructed from the world during this time.
When it is reported on on social media, the supporters of the APC have expressed concern over Obi because he restored the Oranites to the state of Anambra, in the southeastern part of Nigeria.
The Tuphone spread throughout the country where he said that the Yorubanians are signing the Igbo businesses in Lagos. These are white news, and it will be examined in the second part of this article.
Image 1: Title of Festus Keyamo
Drawings 2: Keyamori’s picture of truth.
For example, one picture is used in a negative way. On February 28, 2018, Festus Keyamo, director of Buhari’s Project for Buhari’s Ministry (Aworan 1) of a wooden stick stick that has already become a symphony:
The shape of the mirrors in 1999 to 2015..
Now, ‘Sou’’s Role’s Role, the railways are changing the earth.” The PDP’s government is using its charts in 1999 to 2015.
After the release of Twitter, who is Nigerians, the picture has been translated into Arabic (Italy 2) in the month.
The archives testify to Lebanon’s image.
Keyamo's plan is to prove that Buhari’s government has already put an adjustment to the railway system that has been abandoned by the government.
However, the representation of another nation used to make " progress".
Image 3: Details of ethnic hatred
Image 4: El-Rufai apologized for "including "intestinal damage" that is depicted in the picture 3.
Unrestrained hatred erupted before the election, during elections and elections.
According to a 3-year-old lawyer, Bashir El-Rufai, Kaduna State Governor, Mr. Kaduna said that Igbo made the telegraphic fire caused by the Nigerian War.
From 1967 to 1970, Nigeria fought a bitter war with the town of Biuafra, the Igbo people on the southeastern part of the Nigerian state, hoping to separate from the Nigerian government.
However, according to Bashir El-Rufai, the results of the 2019 elections of his group, APC, should be seen as “resan” from the parts of Hausa, Fulani.
He then apologized, after he had been beaten, forcing him to "intestinate distress " as we have seen in the picture.
He also opens up the pronunciation (Included 3).
Television reports on social media during the elections have sponsored two branches: unresolved reports and news reports.
Miroslav Tudjman and Nives Mikelic, a journalist at the University of Zagreb, Croatia disclosed a message that would not be heard in "nounced to mislead people".
The technologies of the media are shocking and misleading reports.
Tudjman and Mikelic said that the media is far more interesting than reports from the media to misinterpret or the media.
Because the "máacrea is changing one's behavior" by means of "including or unrestrained social media during the
In such a case, the media plays a part or imperfection for political and mental change.
Fear of coming after the 2019 elections because of the media’s technologies and societies of the media are unrestrained and unrestrained in the face of "tering to the end of elections. "
The second part of this article will consider how this happened on earth, especially on Twitter outside, with several examples.
This article is one of the many media media media outlets in Zimbabwe during the seventh time of the political system in Ethiopia, Nigeria.
Africa Digital Rights Fund and The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA) is a special campaign.
In Kenya and Ethiopia, these men were able to see ‘interpretation’ and from the bottom of the ground.
Both men said that they had God's approval
In the southwest of Ethiopia, Mohammed Yiso Banatah left without using anything.
Allah l's will authorizes the marriage arrangement to be closed in the land.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein, used with permission.
On December 26, BBC Swahili released a photo showing showing Francisco Ouma, an older man from Busia, Kenya, who heard God's voice at the base of the ground.
The scene came through a map of the dreams of his dreams.
Since the second month of 1967, Ouma has been pursuing a course from heaven for her dreams.
Today, at the bottom of his ground, he has already owned 24 rooms.
The painting of Francis Ouma, which hears God's voice to dry up at least 24 pounds [ 24 kg ] of yellow ground on the BBC Swahili / Instagram.
Throughout history, there have been no clear evidence of heavenly visions and dreams, such as those dreams, that have been associated with the brain as well as one who looks for a dream.
However, Nigerians, both Jews and Beliefs, have testified to a generation from God who has come in dreams for thousands of years.
"This representation of me", Ouma told BBC Swahili.
During that time, I was working on the map, which I was able to build.
Not only when I am alive but I have the best time to keep going.
He used both of the museums and both of his hands, and he was able to handle the difficulty of the milling stones.
He was finally able to see where he would bring about the fulfillment of the divinely inspired landscape of his heart.
In a chick, he had a stone with which Jesus was written.
Jesus Kristi is the one who brought me this news to me, Ouma said and explained it to me as he did for Moses.
Ouma believes that she is bringing back to the earth a new bleeding with God.
The second stage is on the way.
This is the first stage.
The other is on the way.
I don’t have to say exactly what it will be like to announce it, so I can choose human life.
As a result, I will stand for the plaque at the right time, Ouma said to BBC Swahili.
BBC Swahili’s story has been broadcast for the 50,000 times with a statistic of over 100 and overcrowding comments.
Since some say of the mental disorders of those who claim to hear God's messages in dreams, many of which end up following the dreams of God’s people.
Instagram wrote:
Translation Original Quote
For me, people now, I believe them more than those who have the word of God [] come to the house of worship, for 52-year-old people — if it doesn't have any interest in your community and the government.
He does not have to ask for help or money for his job.
Mohammed Yiso Banatah, 2012, explained the ten dreams that Allah had given him in the dreams of a foreign wedding.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein.
God's House for the Ethiopian wedding
In the south of Ethiopia, a similar experience will come from an elderly person named Mohammed Yiso Banatah, who said that in 2012 Allah had appeared to him in 33 years.
In view of the dreams, Allah heard the voice to dry up the house of God for the wedding in the basement of the ground.
The dense are located at the bottom of the lowlands, and these are located in the Banatah road of Hawassa and Shashamene.
Banatah said that in her three dreams, she has found a net for these buildings.
You can read a detailed account of Banatah’s openings and lengths before the start of his life here:
In a dream, a 10th-year-old coach in 1979, a man appeared to take Mohammed to a small tree in his home.
The man placed the start of the furniture and told him that it would be saved by the work of the
He saw gold.
A neighborly region, the things that are lost are drawn to you.
We told where we would start, when it started , and how it would start .
On the second day, when he was on earth, he began working with him alone without plowing.
The bottom line of the sunny soil has become a very expensive place for people to make four or four volcanoes in the land.
Some forms of marriage have legalized.
These chicks have shown the Mohammed – he has shown more of the hours of dried hours, planning, and designing for rooms and walls, as well as attachments from other hotels, as well as the suncloses that we have built with the blankets.
From ancient times, the landscape has been a place where we consider to be a place of spiritism.
The whole book called "Al Kahf" or " the hole at the bottom of the ground " appears in the Kuran book.
In it we have found a history of a faith known as "Robics", which in which young people suffer because of their lack of faith and find a place to sleep.
When they got up, they returned home and realized that all citizens have become believers today.
Why was Donald Trump known in Nigeria?
Trump has a great variety of tours in southern Nigeria
President Donald Trump returned to the Big Ministry in Washington on March 19, 2018.
Photo by Samira Bouaou/The Epoch Times, CC BY 2.0
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, around the world, has won a global downturn of his laws and way of ruling in a foreign country — but not in Nigeria.
A recent investigation by Pew Research Centre has revealed that hundreds of Nigerians are "wildered to Nigerians" that Trump is " a synonymous international syndrome on the globe".
Gallup – the shoplifter and the director of the Washington, DC, agreed on the interview with Pew people.
A Tweepsmap Trial on Twitter's Tweepsmap International Convention on the number of Twitter printers concluded that Nigeria’s fifth position is Nigerian in five countries around the world:
Nigerian author Adaobi Triwaubani executives around the world on an international radio program with BBCC, that Trump as " a wrestling man" causes citizens to become the most populated citizens in the country.
People like her witchcraft and her insecurity.
The Americans see him as a human.
His attitude is unsurpassed.
No one is said to be.
However, the leader who does not talk as he does not like is new to us.
As a result, he has been unsuccessful as the Americans see him.
Another reason is religion.
Followers of Krísimin have love for Trumps
Cheta Nwanze, SBM Intelligence Researcher, told Global Voices:
He took me to investigate the venues of the Nigerian trade.
I am certain that it is not around the southern part of Nigeria, which explains the love of Nigerians in Trump.
Many of her clients are believers who are looking for her good role models.
Nigeria, along with the number of thousands of cities, has two major religions: the faith and Islam.
Elephants and faith will live between 50 and 48 percent of all Nigerians.
The survey revealed that this venue has been investigated as a "personal state government that distributes people to the region".
However, Adamawa, Borno, and Yobe State in northeastern Nigeria are not affected by the threat of safety.
Nigeria in 774, a local government official, and he has six branches.
Central Northern North, Northern North, Northern North, Northern Hell, Northern Hell, Angola, southern, and southern.
Nwanze said that Nigerians have the highest rate in Pew Research.
The survey also revealed that many children after Kates in Nigeria were " born in the country of US in 69.
After the United States kills General Iranasem Soleimani, the policeman launched a campaign throughout the country of Nigeria to subdue "ogun".
The Nigerian Forces described the magnitude of US caused Soleimani to die as "ternal war".
Trump has been described as " one of the world leaders of our time having a strong heart.”
However, many Nigerians love Trump.
Twitter became part of a volcano during the 2019 March March
Ethnic and Cultural Reports on Twitter
Photo by Nwachukwu Egbunike
This is the second part of two sections of the world's ethnic hatreds, fraudulent reports and elections during the 2019 elections.
You can read the first section here.
In Nigeria, international communications are the sites where depravity and corruption are common during elections.
During the 2015 elections, Twitter Nigeria was involved in arguing among the two candidates, Goodluck Jonathan (NDPPP) and Nigerians, and Nigeria’s APCula.
He becomes an object of hatred and nationalism.
During the 2019 elections.
On February 15, the Selective News Without Arguments (RSF) launched a reconstruction campaign that "facts have caused corruption ".
Nigerians also express their opinions.
Journalist Abdulbaqi Jari disclosed:
Political and political reports in African countries
A 2019 study of Dani Madrid-Morales at Huston and Herman Isserman at the University of Cape Town said that "person is used to achieve political interests in Nigeria, South Africa, and South Africa.
Many news reports of social media, especially during the campaign, are causing "frastructivity " among those who are using social media " as a result, social media has been found very often.
A survey of ethnic groups held on February 28, 2018, and March 29, 2019, on December 23, Nigeria’s Senators elected the president and legislature of parliament to the citizens of Nigeria.
Political News
Peter Obi, Atiku Abubakar, a member of the political party (PDP) is the one who is affected by the unrestrained news of the past during the elections.
Obi was former governor in Anambra State in southwest Nigeria.
President Buhari-Osinsinjo, Coalition of Buhari-Osinbajo Movejourn (Acts 1) in his campaign against the northeastern Nigerians in Anambra during the governorship of Anambra.
Image 1: Screenshot of Coalition of Buhari-Osiban Movement, accustomed to ‘inhabit in the northeastern cities.
Chapter 2: Image by Nasir El-Rufia
The governor of Kaduna State and member of the ruling party, Nasir El-Rufai, recruited this charge (Acts 2) that Obi is " the one acting in accordance".
El-Rufai's comments did not give Obi a second chance.
In addition: A Nigerian governor will not grant a foreign government: Release our elections and return to your hometown
What has happened?
The Vanguard newspaper newspaper reported that on February 2013, Nigerians 67 who were reunited from Igbo and abandoned to the same location in Upper Ipperka" in Onitsharamb.
Obi, who was then governor of Anambra State at the time, described this behavior that was described by the ‘bassador in Lagos as " a violation of law and rights violations of those who became their community".
After the outburst, Premium Times said that Obi was guilty:
In 2011, he sent young children back to Ebonyi and Akwa Wherem, in the southern part of Nigeria.
Chapter 3: Photo by Jubril A. Gawat
When Obi repatriated to South Nigerian states, it did not appeal to Northerns, the Twitters Talition of Coalition of Buhari-sinbajo Movejoment (Acts 1)
On the other hand, the APC Chairman is " the restoration of the Northern Northern Northern people to Kano for questioning" as a report on Sahara Reporters.
The prosecutors of the APC were then criticized for the violation of the genealogy of the genocide.
For example, Jubril Gawat, who was appointed to the electoral governor of the latest international media, asserted that (Acts 3) a election for the candidate of the Atiku Abubakar’’ for elections.”
Nigeria is a country with sophisticated social media.
And politicians likened this tribe to drugs during elections, which they needed to distribute people to the “mos” as well as "ins".
Therefore, they are determined to renounce Northern people’s claims to relocate the persecution of Igbo and Hausa during the Nigerian War.
Their view is with the campaign of counterfeit news media is to display Obi as an activist in Biafra.
Nigeria’s population in Southeast Nigeria, with many Igbo children, attempted to evacuate the country by three years of civil war between 1967 and 1970.
As a result, they are optimistic to use the first 3 reference to "Rove Atiku to the tribe of Igbo.." He also renounced the dead of debased hatred between Hausaa and Igbo.
During the elections of 2019, Atiku was the support of the Nigerians who had once tried to separate from Nigeria.
The account at 1 to 3 is a demonstration of strong opinions that are capable of replacing events and events that have not been completed in both groups.
According to UNESCO, the “inclusion of the damage caused by the damage” has been described as a "praising and the media.
The campaign against a certain ethnic group puts its punctuality into the hearts of those who hear it, and it makes the audience accustomed to fraudulent reports.
The Igbo community in Lagos was accustomed to evangelism
Chapter 4: A Twitter's Screencryphal image is out of Chioma’s architectural history, that the Yorubas burns the Igbo in Lagos.
Also, the PDP members used the genealogy to hold more veils than members of the APC in Lagos.
Chapter 4 and 5 are showing the image of the TDP, which claims to have been playing a fire against the children of Igbo in Lagos.
The news media are the Lagos State Police and immediately showed the truth to kill him.
The Facebook’s Facebook headline used every word on the picture 4, with the picture picture picture of the molten syndrome.
African Check insisted that this representation was a picture of a protest on February 24 in a region near Pretoria in South Africa.
Chapter 5: A Traditional Traditional syndrome that the Igbo Americans in Lagos are becoming irregular in Lagos
Appointment to keep the minds of politicians
On February 13, Souljah disclosed (Acts 6) The Ballard Partners, an Alukoro who was officially detained to Washington DC, to make a declaration for Abubakar as President, in the case of the elections.
On February 5, the report published by Brian Ballard, Ballare Director of Ballard Partners, denounced Oluraki Saraki, a totally candidate of the Abubakar campaign.
Souljah’s Souljah is spreading by thousands of people, and thousands of people are reorganized for the purpose of implementation.
The election was held on February 16 (which was retrived on February 23, and the PDP was not damaged with the results of the three days before the election.
Top: Nigeria postpones the 2019 elections at an hour's election for social media and administration.
Chapter 6: Image by Souljah
However, on February 13, Ballard Partners had the results of the findings (Acts 7) described as "bassador" and was arrested for "extification of the PDP".
Ose Anenih, a member of the PDP Regional Regional Regional Registration Committee, initiated the investigation against the Nigerian police and the technically elective system, INEC for criminal action and illegal action.
But this is not the first time they will be able to rectify the world's political views during elections.
Chapter 7: Explosioned from the Ballard and Partners, an inexpensive investigation that has been falsely investigated.
Many of the helpers of the presidential team
Photo by Lauretta Onochie, from Laurta Onochie, a assistant to the president
On December 4, 2018 Lauretta Onochie, a assistant to Buhari [presentative executive president’s candidates] (Acts 8) set a picture with food and cost of 500 gallons in the northwest Nigerian march for the Abubaka.
Onochie’s accusations are completely outlawed, even in a time when it is not related to “extremism” in “Bethrenament Chuba Ugwuba Ugwuba, which has been exposed in her comments.
Onochie is a specialist at the symposium. The international media media users (ICIR), have hosted more than 1,000 audio Onwicherochie in Twitter during the age of 1, 2018,
International Details: case in Nigeria
The 26 Nigerian law deals with "frost and verbal abuse of people because of their race, religion, economic support, or nationality".
The candidates of the behavior’s candidates will trust in a telegram or pay a fine that does not cost 100,000 naira [$28,000] or both of them.
In March, Enough Enough Nigeria (EIE), a group of young people and Paradigm Initiative (PI), a member of the Constitutional and social media, made the federation of Onochief and Regional Congresss.
The two organizations " summarized on Onochie and Godpomi on a global scale" and found that it violated the Nigerian law on international affairs in 2015.
In addition: How will the elections of Nigerian presidential elections be achieved ?
The Twitter technical colporteur
Many of the above examples are not insignificant. They are actually trying to make colporteurs as if it were true.
This is not surprising because APC and PDP are the world's victorious warriors in order to do "ssing of evil" on the earth or to “extremist” during the campaign.
Both sides are "presented in the world" — "froms or political parties that are given to the public to change their views on the world".
This year’s reconstruction has been a reconstruction of the 2015 APC and PDP, as well as arguing to the opinions of politicians in the political campaigns, which are “withoudedededededededed by the international media, and Nigerian Eshenho
They have seen this by “witting Web sites on a global scale " distributing " digital dialogues " and "nouncing the media to achieve political views".
The result was that Twitter became a telescope of the genealogy and administratory to reconstruct politicians before the elections, during the elections and after the 2019 elections.
This is part of the Federal Executive Agricultural technologies in Zimbabwe, Ethiopia: 7, Mozambique’s
The African rights organization Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA) is responsible for this activity.
Thousands of thousands of dollars dollar from the Nigerian Regional Building Office for Nigerian and industrial security
Politics and Nigerians need to supplement the extravagant fruitage that it represents.
The Nigerian player D'banj is speaking at the CAX Stadium in Cairo, Egypt, 2018. Dbanj told the public that “inciting and blatant oil is the only fuel that needs to be praised and praised.
It has long been noted for the development and development of the Agriculture industrial and industrial revolutions, as for the role of the efficiency and
In 2013, Nigerians have found 2,250 venues in the United States and 29.5 international projects that have been donated by the U.S.A.
As a result, Nigerian Regionals (Afreximbank) along the UNESCO and Nigerian Reconstruction of Nigeria’s Reconstruction and Reconstructive Regional Roads.
In 2018, CAX was launched at the National Park in Cairo, Egypt, in December 2018.
The wise and allegations of music, art, color, poetry, printed, commuting, and interviewing for the Day of Reconstruction, in Kigali, 1618, Rwanda.
He likened himself to " the first celebrities that will bring about the development of societies among the wise and industrials in the Oriental Land ", which includes about 68 setbacks.
On the second day of the event in Kigali, Professor Benedict Oramah, president of the U.S.A. (Afreximbank) announced the 2nds of thousands of dollars in the U.S.A.
Omarah placed it in the audience at the ceremony that the help, which will bless the work of the Nigerian Responsement, will be available in private homes, which will be used for those who are interested in you.
He said that the quantity of Nigerians and magnetic fields would not be enough for them to rectify the implementation of the stalks, such as Afreximbank.
He added:
Because of poor performances and cultures and cultures, the African community is not in the psychological markets, and much controversies as shown in song, performances, poems, and videocons and international media programs.
The landscape is more likely to store coffee and blankets than in the oceans or in the morning.
He was able to manage for Egypt as a result of “beturning the galleys in the past ten years".
In December 2019, Afreximbank was announced at the International Fashion Awardion A. (IFA) in Cairo for its contribution to the support of the Nigerians and Nigerians.
Omarah likewise commended the Nollywood film.
On the street of Twitter, the players at the conference expressed appreciation for the convention at the Intare in Kigali:
In his talk at the CAX Regional Community Day in Cario, Nigeria D'Banj said to the workers and businessmen:
What we need from your young person to understand that the top of the job is the oil that needs to be commended for the company.
CAX, which will be the first Nigerian Football Federation (IATF20) from April 1-7 on Kigali in Kigali, will be released on Tuesday of CAX 2020.
Speaking in Nigeria, the Nigerians joined the group to mark the International Economic Day of 2020.
Radio — a message for unscrupulous developments.
A man picked up a passenger system. Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma'aji, used by CC BY 2.0.
There is no statement that the sounds of an interview have been a powerful tool for the development of the world.
The Oriental Authority (UNESCO and Cultural Organization) has been placed on February 13 as the International Administration Council for Education,
UNESCO set the day this right to open the door to the impact of a sound system on life — an unrestrained and carried out by unrestrained media.
Nigeria’s international speakers joined interviews with international radio broadcasts to mark the day and to take good care of the worldwide development of sophisticated technologies.
"Os are turning around as we go about, but the majority of the world's communications are still in place for many people to hear the news of what is going on, it is still the best - torn materials available to the country.
The clergyman George Bako spoke at the International Embassy in Lagos, Nigeria.
Photo by Yoba, used with permission.
FRCN — also known as Radio Nigeria — is the leading upstairs in the country of Nigeria, with a group of tourists throughout the Bodinthi Island, which is named after the three Web sites at the name of Radia Frotoa.
Each website — has its own and those hearing it — who speaks English, Hausa, Igbo, and Yoruba.
The media are still the best access to the media in Nigeria. FM (Italics Voyages), AM (Italics advisers in Mepe Land).
In 2019, the Nigeria Diary Radio Stations Ratings of Augustus showed that Bond F
At the end of the ceremony, the public speakers throughout Nigeria seized the Twitter's home for the radio:
Dan Manjang, the ruler of the Plateau broadcast and Publicity, should speak in public for " the manager of efforts, efforts, and seasons" which are published and broadcasts and programs:
Nigeria’s broadcasts began in 1933 with stories around the National National Radio (RDS), which calls out loudspeakers where people would hear foreign news of the Legal Department.
In 1950, RDS won a new suit of clothing — the Nigeria Football Federation (NBS), which eventually became the Nigeria Football Federation (NBC).
"In Nigeria’s first radio station was released in Ibadan in 1939.
Kano was in prison in 1944," as explained by the Legit online news media.
Legit explained that RayPower FM, the first radio in Nigeria, was established in 1994, during the year 2007, the international news has been broadcast.
Radio has worked as an ambassador for those who are in positions of authority, architecture, and legislation that will be well - known.
In 2019, the Nigeria Football Federation (NBC) denounced African Independent Television and RayPower FM as an anti-Weternal program.
Also, in 2019, Jay FM held in Port Harcourt was recruited after being accused of the outside of the government.
Radio Nigeria has promoted his campaign as "suring sounds for thousands of years," and joining the international radio stations for the 2020 International Assembly Hall.
Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma'aji, used in harmony with CC BY 2.0.
Radio recordings and promotions
UNESCO urged the city to mark the International Economic Economic Economic Economics by establishing international relations, government agencies, and international agencies.
The International Economic Day of the 14th year, "Shopers and Peoples Allighs."
Nigeria’s magnitude Radio has been accustomed to promoting social and social developments, education programs, and monuments that sustain Nigerians to develop socialism.
This is useful during a period of disunity and divisive dissension, the political issue of Nigeria.
The state of Nigeria’s hometown, which is convenient for 2019, is located on 9th in Africa.
Since 2011, Boko Haram, Nigerian Agriculturalist in Eastern Nigeria, has feared the hearts of people and the intensity of deadly attacks that have caused death in the face of the massacre and the disappearance of societies.
Further: Nigeria: A city that has failed — truth or understanding?
In Nigeria’s elections, the FRCN Congress of Lagos State Council made a concert to mark the 2020 International Economic Embassy.
All started with a 1,200-year-language program on "gnitude that I would like to hear the radio" for college students.
The students of the media designed a 5-year-speaking program for the fulfillment of the latest development development development development development development
Ols' High School of Restoration, Mr. Mater Christi Catholic Girls's High School, Regional, brought him to the first time he met on the radio station at the age of 5:
It seemed that I was 5 when I first had a sound system.
I printed and spread his own tactics.
I was surprised to hear this "from" voice coming out and I thought there were people in it.
The slave joined me and asked my father what he was and explained to me the radio.
On February 12, college students, journalists, interviews, and interviewers in newspapers and video broadcasts for the Lekki Columise Coliseise to provide special information on the subject.
On February 12, college students, journalists, interviews, and interviewers in newspapers and video broadcasts for the Lekki Columise Coliseise to provide special information on the subject.
Photo by Yoba, used with permission.
On the morning, the public speakers, Mrs. Obani Ga Adams, Mexican President Lekki Coliseum, were invited to parties for the social gatherings of the Economics Day.
Experts like Cordelia Okpei and others came to the ceremony.
The vaccinity of work and service is a sign of stereotypes.
Each program concludes with a scrutiny to receive the calls on social media, where people have been asked to say “We are killed on International Days” in different languages and vaccines:
No one has participated in the ceremony. The Global Voices are interested on Metro 97.7FM.
The first group was ‘It was the International Engagement Day of Radio, Nigeria’s 2020 International Radio and radio stations that the event would be held each year.
The president hoped that the Yorubans would accept the proposal of his knowledge.
Will the development of new collaboratories become a pretext?
Toilululus Opportunist stood at the court of the U.S.A., Mr. Operational, on the seat.
Images are chosen by a member of the Orientals.
The 202-2032-203-203-2 International Years after the international campaign against the World Cup in 2019 and the 10th anniversary of the 20-203-203-2 International Community, many of the indigenous peoples have entered into a special campaign with the development of the indigenous languages.
The use of embassies in the Yoruba language will be untold after a blanket in the name of Tolaciers, the candidate of Religious Rights, the one who lives in the Democratic Party, and the Victimism.
The new English alphabet has been hoping to replace Arabic, which has been used for the past 100 years.
According to the International Voices interviewed on WhatsApp, it was a dream for the unwanted alphabet.
Now, he travels throughout the country — from Ben to Nigeria — to declare his "alders speaking " as he has been sent by the community.
The candidate believed that Olida, the ancestral father of the Nazarene, used the jail on earth and on Saturday — but has become the place of time.
25 are all the symptoms in general.
Adults in Africa say that before the progress of Adlula, it is necessary to have a code of language or a code of policy that belongs to it.
The official language of Niger-Congo, which is a modern-ternational and irresistible linguist, should not violate
Top: Salt: A change in language
In 1843, High Priest Samuel Crowther of the Ministry of Faith (CMS) summarized the Yoruba linguistic system with additional signs — or signs of sounds.
Since then, thousands of books have been published in Arabic in English by using policies rather than Ajami, the Arabic code that has been used for the preservation of the National language, as well as the development of Has 1843.
Proponents say that the use of hypertensives in foreign lands, for the preservation of African languages, the land was placed in bondage.
This new analysis took place in harmony with ancient inventions, such as the hilleroglyphics of Ileka, Akankan of Ghana, Ge'ez of Ethiopia, and the figure of Nbi in Central Heo.
Experts of 'althyclu
The Global Voices in English, Yoba interviewed Nigerian Regional candidates by means of an ambassador on WhatsApp, to learn more about the new alphabet's appearance.
In 1997, a 43-year-old Director, explained that he could not find a higher home after his father's death in 1997 and that he had to fulfill the role of a father as a child to care for his younger siblings.
Yet, as the Yoruba player, his performance is based on Ohud's well-speaking convictions and acts as a shoplifter in their midst.
As the increase in this culture is expanding, it is not enough to satisfy it.
In 2011, he filled the refrigerator with three, three of which were added.
The majestic candidate, urged him to go to the shrine of his family in the Middle East in Lagos (Badagry), Nigerian Lagos State, Nigerian Government, to find the right direction that Elema had sent to the shrine on the shore.
At the shrine, he sees a “rencher" who returned to his home in Porto-Novo, Benovo.
Upon coming home, darkness covers a heavy thunder.
There is no electricity in the reception room, a radiation but automatic response.
He placed something strange to the frozen chairs and turned the speaker, and was shocked, and what he had built on the chairs was lost.
He searched every house before he came to see him at the house.
On that day, he placed the stranger in a place to sleep. He told Global Voices:
I dreamed I went to the sun.
When I arrived, the dark clouds were covered, and I was shown by the tiny
Every time I sleep, I have the same dreams, which I am going from one area to another, and I am teaching people how to use the new squad.
For three years, it has been unable to dream about the tiny shrine, yet nothing has happened.
During this time, in 2016, I went to the sun, meeting with a man, Lamudu, who taught me the blatant sounds and commanded me to spread the scholarship and scrutiny around the world.
I would like to look like an old person in a dream — if I woke up in sleep.
He began to be feared for Religious Rights — he was defrauding from his head, saying to the Global Voices.
He is determined to appeal to the driver, the Worker at Port-Novo, who is able to understand that he should act in a dream.
As a result, he travels from one area to another in Yoruba to misinterpret Olixia.
Images of psychologists as they were collaborating in a hotel room in a hotel room:
The Yoruba shrines of the Yoruba
In 2017, Lagos State Authority, with Nigerian deities at home and after the defrauding, appealed to Mr. Rauf Aladelala, who once served as the State of the State, in the capital city of Othogbo, Nigeria.
The Minister of the Nigerian Ministry is the Nigerian Federation.
The book sent to the governor of Oshun in the memory of the decisions of the new seminars that have not yet been fulfilled.
For three years, the promise that the governor of Operational Agriculture made to ensure that the new collaborators are the schools that are in southern Nigeria have not been fulfilled.
On the verge of the Oligia’s architecture, Mr. Oludele has copied a book and has already put up with a scrutiny of the new alphabet of the architectural slim — for the vatencs to set up the vatelegracture on the earth".
Orientals are forgeting YouTube, WhatsApp and Facebook Chairman: "The Appointed Oludul" and “Isav Operosayeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeye’ in the quests” and students who are interested in the codexture.
He appealed to everyone involved in an attempt to compensate for his collaboration and for the ECHR to have the right implementation of development.
A kind man, a Sunday Adedemer, published 1,000 editions of "Bert Olusion" for students in elementary schools.
In addition: The objective of Atúogle's failure — in the English language — and other languages
The original textbook is available in Igbo, Hausa, English, and France. Yet, it is not too late for the alphabet.
The soft spot is the beautiful ballet.
However, by applying the principles of new wine to new regulations, it will be a challenge.
This is not the case, as we will be affected by the development and development of the Yoruba language language, the Olivée’s beautiful archives — what we will call our ancestors.
Insurance: A change in language
Are you calling bread or cake?
Atimuh photo from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
Relationships between various languages have been established in the past.
To illustrate, consider a phrase like "restaurant," that is a French word that is available in English.
Today, this word is used in one language — a phrase used in another language without discretion — is not in English as if it were not a word used.
These figures are held on by international meetings, as they continue to increase, ask for Witchcraft, and so on.
As a result of the dialogue among the people, language has become commonplace, language into words and words and words has become commonplace.
The Colossae is unsuccessful.
Nearly 40 million people in Nigeria have been able to use English as a result of the formation of the vernacular Yoruba language since 1914 to 1960.
About half of the English-language sentences in English, the word "cup" is used.
"phone" is called "ball", " which is defined as "television".
These words of "sult" have appealed to the vernacular.
Also, the Hausa-language expressions made by thousands of people in Northern Nigeria are spoken to sua.
This is a total of millions of expressions from Arabic, such as the U.S.A . (" blessed"), a mining ("ater") and an ongoing problem ("
The emphasis in the English language is on how people use them in public public speaking but in the language they are using.
He will hear such statements as him, playing the game or "Help of the child take the ball" in English.
Adi, a member of the telegram, is a democracy in English, and mosquitoes are using it.
The Yoruba linguist's lyrics are eager to discriminate the English text from the English word that is used in a call rather than in any other language.
For example, the cake, for instance, has been disclosed — especially in a friendly conversation with a guest.
Speeching in dialects leads to culture — it will help to improve the language.
In view of this, sushi is not known as another name for Japan — sushi is
If this is true of the English-language language and culture, it will spread throughout Nigeria and the English-language field.
For example, the landscape is popular, especially in the mountains of the sea.
These statements have engulfed into other languages if the Yoruba mosquitoes have denied it.
The transition to "yam flour" will decrease " the core of the Yoruba."
If the English text is revised to the "fanimorious", which has been famous and in the New World Translation.
He translated “witting,” or “whole,” to appeal to the English expression.
This is the case with a combination of ultimatums and mosquitoes: The English language does not condone scrutiny and squads.
Because of this, the conclusion of the English language is added to the foundation.
However, the fact that he has grown up from the English language has proved to be irresistible.
Shortly after this, many English terms as used in Nigeria are added to the Oxford translation work.
The Yoruba language will move on to the development of those who translate it; its medicination is necessary according to how the world beats them today.
At the end, this will cause Niger-Congo to continue studying.
Insurance: The objective of the Google translation — and other languages
Many tourists have lost their jobs.
Nigeria’s Wikimedia Football Federation, March 2018, from Wikimedia Commons CC.B.2.0.
The English language has dominated the international technical technical technologies of speech as "efficient in the world" for opening up international media.
In February 2020, according to WebTech3, half of the world's medieval regions were written in English.
However, as many people of the world's sophisticated international language are being attacked on earth, it is a struggle for language — to keep the vernacular clear of languages in which it will come to an end.
Many industrial societies have been able to play a major role in the production of non - English-based and multilingual slogans, Yorubas Masak MAL.C.
In February 2020, Google said that he would add five new languages to the Google language, Kinyarwanda, Uighur, Tatar, Turkmen, and Odia after four years of rest.
One man looks down on the telegram as he reads on the world. Images on Oladeni Olusion, Pexels.
But you have already tried to get a sense of humor, it's best?
Also, is he in the wrong, he doesn't do anything?
This type of translation has its roots and challenges.
The Twitter translates English into English through the use of the Google as he permits them, and the results are quite different — and each word is regular.
The causes of these chemicals are more widespread than the fact that practitioners are combining their own language programs for the use of phonographs.
These devices may be able to work for some languages, such as the Yoruba and Olu, are two languages in Nigeria, when this is a challenge due to the lack of speech and concrete expression that will refer to sound.
To answer why it was so common for Google to start four years before he added five new languages, the spokesman revealed:
Atúgle’s comments are placed on a global scale, but if language does not have a larger vocabulary, it is difficult for our words to provide support for such language.
However, ecentle’s ecentratory support for these languages has been achieved by the ecentle’s ecents in our ecent
Also, many people do not know how to make sure statements — or dialogues — in these languages.
Therefore, a well-tood mosquito is not an easy way to identify these mistakes.
Much of the mosquitoes has no meaning, especially those statements that offer more than one plow.
For example, the words of a queen and a queen have a significant meaning.
Many communications will continue to misinterpret both statements to "queen".
However, if we have a measure of decrease, it is vital to say that the rendering of a queen and a queen is separated: A queen in Britain translated "queen" when a queen is "wi of the king of the ft".
Despite these unrestrained misconceptions, technology has helped to improve the development of African languages on the societies of the world, which has brought about a new system.
The Nigerian language has grown as a result of using new technology, such as technologies and technologies, as well as new new slogans, which are being proposed.
This has also wanted to be used in these languages.
As a result of the new technology, the number of linguistic devices has increased.
For example, the English text has a broader vocabulary ("air seditioner"), an essay ("phone") and an ambassador ("grinder").
Igborere, Igbo has a word like ekwèti ("telephone") and ucons ("vevehicle").
These names are established in harmony with their work.
In the vernacular and advertising programs in English, students have noted that many people call TV.
These devices led to various questions and opinions — some students argued that the visual system could be called the media because of their work.
These physical challenges will make improvements in language — it causes discomfort for promoting language and language.
In 2019, as CNNNN reported, Google opened the first Accra, Ghana’s choice to make "Acle’s Google in the Nationwide language more fluent".
According to research researcher Moustapha Cisse, head of Google AI in Nigeria,, he said that he was going to "p the country that has more than 2,000 branches to be an opportunity"—NNNogle.
Mozilla and BMZ proclaimed a more special campaign on the Mexican Surveyment of the Mexican Sign Language. None of the projects and projects such as this one of the future Nigerians.
Religious institutions in Greece and North Macedonia have refused to change their religious standards to prevent COVID-19 pandemic.
"On the Lord's Evening Meal", the picture from Fra Angelico was painted from the book Wikipedia.
As the number of COVID-19 victims increased in Balkans, some religious buildings did not change the way that could cause Coronavirus " disease to recover from the calculation.
The religious values that are known as purchasing and the latest observances of the Lord’s blood, or the Last Supper, includes those who adhere to the religious and religious traditions that are renounced with the same divination of the Catholic Church, as well as the ceiling of the ceilingsssssssssss
The World Health Organization (WHO) urges us to reconsider the highest levels and health risks of foodborne disease that can be reduced by neuroporosis, hypertensives, and infrastructivity.
According to the March 9, Greek Court, he said that he would not change religious standards to fit security.
Similarly, he said that " it is not possible for the coronavirus to eat the bread of the Lord’s blood, and that God's children should pray in behalf of the murderer".
According to GOC Klimis, the Central of Peristeri, which is closely associated with the Lord, said that if anyone claims that religious principles can help him:
Eleven and food shortages.
He was a miracle.
The Lord’s words are to have faith that man can be ensnared in the eating of the Lord’s blood.
The COVID-19 people in Greece, without the rest of the population.
Greek authorities, who have lost schools and who have managed to hold a convention on the road and to prevent the plague, urge the Court to take a moderation.
However, the government representatives are violating this constitution. On the last day of the tenth week, the president and his collaborators are going to one religion.
In the city of Greece, it seems that North Macedonia, the Administration – Ohrid Archbishopopopric followed a similar course.
Although the sanctuary had not yet made a announcement of the plague, it gave members of the congregation in Arabia and blood as it did.
News reports were made by the Prespa-Pelagonia Diocese in a statement made by the Russian Pravoslavie. (the "Pelagonia of Constantination ") and said that "including can make it possible for believers to live within the congregation.
The article was handed down by Sergey Adonin of Russia, who said that he had a sense of insecurity with job experience at the Hospital.
He added that the same use of evangelism in Bizantine's seventh century Bilantium has been harmful, for " the belief in God protects both the clergy and the laity of the congregation".
In North Macedonia, those applying to the religious principle are not responsible for the violation of the religious principle.
For example, a molecules on social media — a former executive made a campaign of outburst — for instance, on Twitter that he had participated in dangerous religious acts of worship:
Tiudio: I owed the Lord’s blood to the Last Day in the Holy Annunciation Court of Skopje's Hospital and also did it!
What is her problem?
Insurance: In spite of all health care cares: Faith is the Lord’s blood without fear of coronavirus.
Sladjana Velkov, a prominent critic of the labors in Serbia and North Macedonia, says this is " not enough" and that it is "n't unknown to be anything but unknown to the sick, elderly, or the sick, who are the most vulnerable.
In Italy, where 631 people are killed, 10,000 sufferers have been maligned:
If so, at least seven people have contracted COVID-19 in North Macedonia; 25 in Slovenia; 25 in Croatia; 13 in Albania; 6 in Serbia; 5 in Bosnia; 5 in Montenegro.
28 have been trained in Romania, 6 in Bulgaria.
Belieff
The world has seen how the first coronavirus can help at a religious gathering.
Over the last month, some 7,400 people have been reported to have COVID-19 in South Korea — a country that seems to have contracted the disease — some of the Shincheon Regional Regional Court of Jesus.
A criminal case was held — the prosecutor — the leader of the 8-year-year-old group came out to apologize.
In the meantime, the Korean Principle Organization launched a series of religious changes in harmony with the state of Health Health Organization:
1. All believers will be affected by religious pressures.
2. To be in the House of Worship, they will use the antiretroviral antiquity at the entrance of the House.
3. They will not accept anyone.
4. They will not hold back from denouncing the clergy.
5. They will not disagree with the Operations, but will be in subjection to them.
6. They will not use prayers during religious service.
7. They would not be allowed to leave the congregation’s priest, but they would not have to go out of the house of worship.
8. Seeds will not be divided on Sunday.
9. Approximate and spiritual programs will not be held.
Some religious buildings in Britain are changing their religious values, as the Roman Catholic Church of Italy.
The Croatian religious organization has adopted the disease in France, a voyage in the city of Lourdes.
The Economic Center of the Romania issue issued a decree " to be set aside for seditions that would be achieved in the aftermath of property":
The horrors of the killer's disease have collaborated each one of the colonies of icons in worship.
In any case, they could ask the priest to renounce their traditions.
After Italy ordered that all four major cities be killed, the Czech Republic adopted a number of statues on Thursday on Thursday, on Thursday.
The North Macedonian government announced the state of unwanted, and it was already a regular school, including the highest education for two weeks.
Check To Tooud International Voices on COVID-19.
Nigerians detained traffic controls those who have contracted COVID 19
Over 1,000 COVID-19 are banned by 13 countries
Photo by Pete Linforth in Pixabay. Photo with Pixabay's permission of Pixabay, for the
Global Voices’ special report focused on the COVID-19.
According to a tour of Nigeria’s COVID-19 pandemic, five others have been confirmed to have contracted COVID-19 in the number of those who have the disease in Nigeria.
Two days after E. Osagie Ehanire recruited the virus on March 16, the COVID-19 germ has been identified by the number of people who have contracted COVID-19 by
The patient expressed his concern for the day 14 in Lagos during this season, during which he began to have a sign of fever and team.
The patient is at the Yaba hospital in Lagos.
He is recovering and is responding well.
As the number of people who contracted COVID-19 has increased, Nigeria, the federal government has heard what has been reported on on on June 18, the month of deportation through tourists such as China, Italy, Iran, South Korea, Japan, France, United States, and the United States.
Those in Nigeria who have been deported from these countries must make a personal decision for 14 days.
On February 27, one of Italy’s tourists to Nigeria was the first to have COVID-19 pandemic.
Top: A Italian traveling tour to Nigeria is the first to have COVID-19 pandemic
The second suspected of this disease, according to NCDC, is the first person to be affected by the disease and is now recovering from two venues showing that the occasion is not part of it.
The other is not immune to the disease and has been released on March 13, 2020, according to NCDC.
The COVID-19 pandemic has not gone unnoticed by many people on a global scale and have been asked for strong measures to decrease the spread of the disease in Nigeria.
Ayobami, Ayobami, announced that NCDC was arrested, but he said that " they have stopped making a show on a global scale and start working!"
Gideon said that " we should be afraid" that COVID-19 is in Nigeria.
"On law denounced tourists from other countries" especially those from countries where the disease is rampant, journalist Bayo Oluluda also stressed:
Dr. Whitewalker noted that there is nothing wrong with banning the tourists during the time of the recovery of the disease in the first season of the disease.
Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, head of the NCDC, said that they are " striving to do all they ought to do":
On March 17, the panel of the Senate had originally decreed that aircraft be detained from developing countries as it was in the United Kingdom and China before the following day of the ban.
Cable Nigeria will turn out to all those who come from countries who have been affected by the disease, who will be responsible for 14 days.
The federal legislation detained visa Nigeria.
The prosecution began on March 21, 2020, and it will be held for four weeks during the conference.
Additionally: COVID-19 in Africa: ‘It isn't seen’ as countries are preparing for the spread of disease.
Many countries in the Adlula are preparing for COVID-19 pandemics.
Among these measures, traffic laws from countries where COVID-19 viruses are rampant to avoid developing countries.
Stressful Care
Some measures have been made by the lack of COVID-19 pandemic in Nigeria.
A 70-year-old woman in the United Kingdom returned to Nigeria on March 11.
Shortly after his arrival, he began to have COVID-19 germs like so much cold and exhaustion at the end of March 13, and they rushed to Teaching Hospital in Enugu (UTH) Collierylane Parkla, southeastern Nigeria.
He was detained ESUTH Colliery Parklane, and he was respected for NCDC on March 14,
On March 15, the woman died after NCDC had no COVID-19 pandemic.
However, in a letter to the governor of Enugu State, the lady accused the hospital staff of the hospital officials that her mother was "thanked" and put in "in the stump".
A member of the COVID-19 pandemic has been unable to handle in Lagos that is the capital city of Nigeria.
On March 17, March, David Hundeyin journalist with News Wire, unsuccesssed at the COVID-19 pandemic of the COVID-19 pandemic at the Danbego in Ijuekki, Lagos State.
On March 12, Dangote, an Indian peninsula who was deported from Nigeria to Mumbai, has stayed in Cairo, Egypt.
Hude's studies revealed that the man who was recycling began "iba, dried coats, dried chorus, and uncomfortable ", on the next day he arrived from India.
However, " if anyone at the Dangote company has tried to contact" health institutions affected by the situation.
Hudeyin further noted that the company is using the benefits of "incriminating laws" in Nigeria "latising has gained" and is putting the lives of its employees and all society in danger.
The report released their view that the patient had been transferred to a hospital in Yaba, Lagos State.
How do COVID-19 disease affect the world's political and social reforms?
The picture on four technologies from Wuhan" (included in Chinese) is pictured on the name of the plague before the turning of the name COVIDV.
We obtained permission to use pictures.
What started in the river market, according to local health problems, has become a major factor in China.
After the blanket of germism in Wuhan in February 12, 2019, many incidents have been unsuccesssful and reversed by Chinese society and faced the challenge of Beijing’s political upheaval.
The government’s concern for the welfare of the government and the federal government in the central part of the country is a source of stability to the public media for a week.
When it was revived to announce a series of ways that would stop the plague, it has risen as a result of the development of new Chinese festivities.
Doctors and scientists are doing research and interviews on what may be the source of the disease known at the time of Wuhan's instigatory, and COVID COVID-19 infections are then caused by ARV infections.
The antiretroviral therapy is the result of an insecurity from a snake or animal animal animal animal or animated food supply in Huanan wet've been sold in the Wuhan area where there is so much confusion as the source of the insecurity.
A question that needs an answer is this: whether it is possible to control one's body from one person to another, and how many people will be able to cope with it.
Evidence from the intensity of the human body from one to the other, thus saying that the insect will be in the body for a while before the victim sees its marks and does not make it easy.
As the disease is spreading, the germination of the disease, which is described as “Wee's foundation, which is believed to be between 2 and 3 in the end of the month, the person who has it will help two to three, but the vaccinity and the vaccccccccccccccccccine, if it does not stay if available available available available
While the targets of insects are rising up every day, Hubei and her husband, Wuhan, have already had an increased number of people who live in the area, and the number of people who live in this area is about 60 percent in the quake.
As the number of those who have contracted this disease is spreading throughout China, health officials are incapable and innovable health care programs for countless elderly people.
But Wuhan’s disease is not just a health crisis, it is a time of political unrest.
The government council said that it was not the threat of vaccination at the beginning, until the massacre has been lost and the citizens have no trust in their governments, and that this is not only in Hubei provinces.
The Beijing government has been detained for the low cost of the plague of SARS from 2002 to 2003, as it has put an accurate report on the World Environment Programme (WHO).
The head of China General Xi Jinping reported on the plague until the end of the plague, until 20, he announced to the town after a month after which the disease had been ravaged by the disease
The power of the government on the Chinese national media and that the U.S.A. and the surge of their witchcraft will be solved by the attack on Wuhan in 2020.
Mexican broadcasters in Mozambique and Cape Verde posted an international curfew for the children to stay home
Photo by Santa Maria, Cape Verde. Photo by Miccaela, Wikimedias. CC-BY 3.0
The Global Voices’’’s special impact on the worldwide COVID-19 virus
According to government authorities, COVID-19 outlets in Mozambique and Capede Verdede are providing social media to the population on mobile phones.
By this time, Mozambican has had 10 people who have contracted COVID-19 with COVID-19, but no one has passed the disease in Capede and one has become a dinner of healthful eating.
Over the last week, both countries have issued a monthly emergency law in the outbreak of a pandemic.
According to a Portuguese reporting company, Lusa has reported:
Translation Original Quote
Today, Cape Verde, CV Movel and Unitel T+, the campaign that will bring MB 10,000 citizens to their home on the COVID-19 pandemic.
The first “Fica em Casa” (Pictured in English), the two industrial projects have been published on the premium that they have come to work on “extremist” projects in Cape Verde.
This special gift is available for the two company clients, and in addition to the 2, the price of free call for 15 minutes will be in mourning for any national prosecutor and must be used for 30 days.
COVID-19: The MB 10,000 relief efforts to ensure that Capede Verde would sit down on the floor of the law.
Many in Cape Verde have turned their attention to this campaign, since the world's social media does this:
What a beautiful thing!!
How many people in Cape Verde l's world are so efficient and efficient?
In Cape Verde, an island with a population of 560, 57 people using witchcraft, according to a report by the World Bank Accounts in 2017.
The year is 50 percent of the world’s population.
In Mozambique, where people are spending a little time – the same World Administratory showed that 10 percent of the population in tens of thousands of cities have access to witchcraft – the TmCel congraturing.
The campaign is full of individuals from GB 5 to 100 mets (0.37 to 1.50 US).
Take advantage of this #StayAtHome for 25 meticals during a month.
* Go219 # to pick up a gift and stay home with TmCel.
While the social benefits are socially acceptable, some of Twitter's executives have published a number of questions:
It is a good decision.
Is it really the same?
Waiting at home does not hold back from confiscating the victims and suspendents in Mozambique and Cape Verde. The Tomás Queface proposalsal:
#coronavirus has been exposed to the uncircumcised behavior
According to the law building, #StayAtHome is a loving act of kindness to some, it causes social ineffective people to become uncomfortable: in unrestrained staying home, or working for peace to improve the health of the rest of the community.
COVID-19 is a horrific extension of sedition in Nigeria
Earthquakes are not automatic events
Colporteurs 1 Class Marites Cabreza, who worked with 354th Civil Affairs Brigade, Special Funaming Teaming Team, Combined Jointsk Forever, Dholebe, March 29, 2008.
Image from Nigerian Agriculture USologies , Jeremy T. Lock. Lock.
Opposition the World’ COVID-19.
The COVID-19 of the COVID-19 percent of the world's scientists and research teams have failed to measure up to the antiretroviral drug therapy of COVID-19 in Argentina.
On April 1, July 1, two French investigators, Jean-Paul Mira, and Camille Locht, recommended a program on Mexican news program that the vaccination of the disease should be avoided by the vacccination of the immune system.
Dr. Mira, head of the Cochin Hospital in Paris, likened the case to “Beears of EBBBROC, which says that on the streets they have been tested, we try to make sure that they are safe and safe.
The two investigators were interviewed when a report on the BCG gymnasium in Europe and Australia was able to determine whether it would be a cure for the insomniacs.
In Australia, the number of health officials is being held on 4.
The results of these investigators are currently unanswered for the tests and scrutiny of the Adulla, who claim that the U.S.Acts are
The investigation of the investigators immediately recognized the guilt and anger of the people, bringing an efficiency of the words "On Nigerians to be not popular on social media.
Ivory Coast Didier Drogba tweeters:
On November 3, IV, Dr. Mira has apologized for the words he said, but after the SOS Racismes, he did this. Locht, as well as the protests of Twitter's protests as they were about to hear him ".
During that same week, Jean-Jacque Muyembe, who was leading to Ebola's Ebola virus, said DR Conaranigo’s disease would not be " set in front of New Congotis.
Muyembe, president of the pandemic of the disease and the National Health Organization of the country, spoke at a number of media conferences:
We have been assigned to perform these tests..
The U.S.A., Canada, or China, will be the target of vaccination.
We are the target of the event.
Once again, these words COVID-19 victims and citizens around the world who have adopted the Muyembe Physicist in DR Congo, where the number of COVID-19 infections has increased.
Within a few hours, Dr. Muyembe chose a slogan in a motion picture, so he said that it would be the first time the collaborator was examined in US and China to be used in DR Congo:
Tragically, there is a staggering culmination of sedition in Nigeria
Agriculture in the Oriental Land — which is usually preceded by means of a " hypertension" that is needed on the road and the cures of the disease and HIV/AIDS — have struck the highest level of human behavior — and especially prettignanclusivesivesives for the age.”
Medical organizations such as the World Health Organization (WHO), the U.S.A., and the National Health Organization (WHO) are currently responsible for such projects.
In Zimbabwe, during the past few decades, over 17,000 women without drug abuse were permitted to be allowed to use on exams to investigate hypertension and antiretroviral physicsics, WCHTO
Also, Pfizer's drug dealers tested a drug known as Trovan in 200 young ones in Kano State, Nigeria, when the plague struck by the epidemic.
Many families have been called Pfizer in pretrial detention before the children
Tests are not based solely on ethnic and religious denomination — and they also cause distrust among health agencies and citizens.
Patrick Malloy wrote in his opening article, "The Pressures and Messaging: Screencing of the modern social networking program in Tanganism" and the latest Drug Affairs. "
From the world to a world of "presentious people", religious representatives are often using automobiles for a test without a permit, Malloy wrote that ".............. the ordinary citizens are the best to investigate a non-gnamed world government.
He continued his presentation:
In Tanganyika and elsewhere in Nigeria, this means that in the past, religious administrators have frequently invited those who are maligned to choose blood transfusions, representing their genealogies for health tests.
These developments are no exception to the telegram that people are eating in the Oriental Olululululution about the " group " that works for the Mediators, whose work is no longer automatic to take in blood transfusions.
The appendix in Swahili illustrates therapy as “from” or “perfension.”
This horrific trend has sown in unstable vaccines, metaphors, and antiretroviral drugs in Western lands, as well as in public health agencies working along with government and drug companies in the world.
These antibiotics in Kano, Nigeria, have sown many unrestrained and unrestrained in the fight against the spread of disease tests.
Detailed by the vaccination of vaccines, the rumors were disintegrated to the news of the Lagos State Council’s democracy of Nigeria in 2003.
Feelings after ‘intension’
In view of what we have said, what will all of this cause for COVID-19 in the United States ?
People in the world and in general have said that "nou are not whites".
The director of the World Health Organization (WHO) Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has called the two physicians " sensationality " based on “practice intellect” and renovations:
It is not difficult for Adlula to be Nigerian and not for Adlula to be a test for any kind of aggresssion.
However, fears and mistrust tests have made it difficult for people who have been victims of antiretroviral infections in society and the lack of respect for health officials.
In Côte d'Ivoire on February 6, protesters have detained the COVID-19 pandemic, since it has been said that the site has been renovated and unrestrained.
According to BBC’s BBC, " the attacker, “withou remembers the reactions of people during the Ebola virus in the Central and Central Africa, where people have been exposed to health care for their health problems.
Moreover, during the 2018 Ebola typhoon typhoon in DR Congo, venues held among the victims of Ebola’s disease are "included by the civil rights crisis" — under the rule of Muyee and Mumbe.
By the end of the 11th month of 2019, an official venue of Congo, we hit a vaccine.
WHO should announce that Ebola suffers from Ebola's typhoid fever on DR Congo on April 12, after 50 days, the son of the disease, died of Ebola's typhoid fever at 26.
Now, in addition to Ebola and human society's controversies, DR Congo has to face the unrestrained and unrestrained breach of the nuclear plague.
62 COVID-19 cases are on the move. The tests and tests that will work to a minimum level of social behavior are usually convenient.
Will the drug industry address the moral laws of Nigeria as they do as they make tests in Western lands?
In Burundi, four candidates are awaiting the appeal.
The reporters were charged with arbitrari
The Journalist’s office in Bujumbura, which was removed from the quantity of railroad buildings in the line of January 19, 2010.
Four journalists — Agès Ndirubusaa, Christine Kamikazi, Terence Mpozenzi and Egide Harerimana — were sentenced to civil unrest and sent to prison during the 2020 season.
The four working with the Iwacu newspaper report report report report report report said that they did not get legalized.
Now they are waiting for their pretrial detention, after the trial of June 6.
Antoine Kaburahe, the founder of the magazine on the streets, wrote:
trial: The end of the trial in Bubanza. Iwacu is current.
The charges against the journalists are not theirs.
The reporters are doing the same thing: Screencing.
Deep down !
The judge, however, has not yet judged, has been able to handle the matter for one month.
Stay loyal!
Homes for Progress
On March 22, Burundi’s magistrates will not be with a group of protesters — RED-Tabara, who installed Democratic Republic of Congo as a house in the region of the Kibira Peninsula.
Regional football teams have used the area.
In the fight, 14 gunmen were killed, and 10 were gone.
On that same day, four Iwacu journalists and their partners, Adolphe Masabaakiza, were sent to prison in Musigati, Bubanza, where they wanted to leave the area when the fighting had arrived.
At first, they were placed in pretrial detention, and Christine Kamikazi was arrested when they were arrested.
The police advised the speakers and their public-speaking devices requested a checklist.
The journalists became unrestrained.
On December 26, in Bubanza, we appealed to the "Suvering refuge in the city".
On December 31, the prosecutor dismissed this and appealed to the charge that the attack was intended to be known.
The branch office has called for their release, including Human Rights Watch, International Federation of Journalists, Olue, Africanists, Federation, Federation’ and Burundaises Radiodiffuruses.
However, the Federal Voices said that they had not yet been informed of the situation.
Iwacu disclosed the organization’s statement, saying they did not want to accuse them when they were arrested and the responsibility to defend the journalists.
Many people have to contend with journalists who are suspendent on social media. The media see it as an irresistibable threat to freedom of freedom of the press, and Iwacu drives to the line.
Esdras Ndikumana disclosed:
Burundi: Four journalists (included) were charged with "including the city's refuge" for the release of an attack on the world and becoming Bubanzanza (Ind through Yaga).
After the pretrial appeals were issued, they were judged on June 18, and they were surprised to receive a hearing on the 11th day of the court on August 11, Constitutional Court and later appealed to the judges before the judges.
They refused to respond in response to their lawyers and sent them back to pretrials, and on February 18, they were not condemned.
On June 20, the decision was made that four journalists would return to pretrial detention, but they
The 15-year-old sentence.
President Pierre Nkurunziza said at a convention of journalists who attended on February 26 that something would not be expected to be held until it is unrestrained that it would be convenient for him to reconstructed, even with the legal basis.
On Thursday, in Bubanza, the four journalists were sent to two and a half years in prison with each individual in charge of thousands of frans ($521 U.S.).
The ruling does not specify that the reporters know anything about the incident, thus changing the charge to become "autifying the unrestrained security of a city", which is aimed to make it difficult to live in a state of security.
Iwacu explained that the reporters went to the disaster after the authorities recruited, and there was no license for the registration to arrive in the region.
The only venue of the reporters is the Only Representative of the OnsApp on which one of the journalists surrendered to one of the words, saying that they wanted to go to the "pists of the kingdom. "
But it is only naturally designed — the government has often picked up opponents, politicians, and players in the fight for such developments.
Reporters Without Borders (RSF) said the journalists had the right to report all the cities without fear of revenge, the police in Burundi on June 20.
They wrote a book called for their release, which is 7,000 in the beginning of September.
The Deputies of the European Union, the European Union, and the UN.C.E . are among those who have called for their release.
On April 20, the reporters received a hearing hearing that they were innocent, as well as repeated reconsiderments.
On July 6, the reporters showed an appealing court after six months in prison.
In reply to the charge of the TsApp job, according to one journalist, the terrorists are seeking " adventure of peace ".
RFI reconstructed their prosecutor Clément Retirakiza, saying that the accusations against the journalists are just an investment.
Iwacu has long stood out as an insolent voice of politics — he is the latest reporter after 2015.
Explosive reports about the suffering of journalists
After After a 2015 clash of elections — which restored Nkurunziza back for the third time when people said that it was innocent — there was no success in the government.
Many psychologists — who are interested in the latest news in Burundi — are scorned. Many journalists, such as Esdras Ndikumana mocked.
Many journalists have had the experience of the suffering of local law enforcement officers, especially if they are recruiting the news that “free”.
In late 2015, a magnet of Christophe Nkezabahizi with three-judge children, was arrested during a period of protest on earth.
In Keje in 2016, Jean Bigirimana was demolished, making it clear that he had been arrested by the Federal Experts (SNR) and not allowed the police to investigate
This year, on May 16, journalist Blaise-Pascalmirururuye along with Radio Isanganiro (Meeting Point Radio) became a police report on a local government report on the 28th day.
The international media are not forsook, but it has been unanswered by BBC and VOA in 2019. RSF to Burundi to 160 in 180 for the freedom of the press — from 15 to 2015.
Women in Nigeria face political upheavals on social media
#BringBackOurGirls and #ArewaMeTo set up political reforms in Nigeria
Mother's Savings Club, Nigeria. I'm Image by Karen Kasmauski / USAID in the United States on Tuesday, puvernment, public domain.
In Nigeria, the prosecutor is the one who is facing political issues.
The prosecutor and political commentators are often involved with religious and ethnic backgrounds.
Professionalists — especially on Twitter — have to be able to recruit hundreds of millions of dollars (GGs Nigerians) on social media".
The critics of women — in addition to suppressing harmful identifications — likewise they are coping with the horrific attacks of hate.
How do critics of the Nigerian technologies deal with sophisticated arguments, hate speech, and prolongedness?
How are they progressing in their work or doing their job?
Traditors in Nigeria show the experience of those who are victims of violence and murder: #BringBackOGirls, led by Dr. Oby Ezekwesilili; and #ArewaMeTo, when Fakhriy Hashim is unsed by their political leaders.
#BringBackOurGirls (#BBOG)
Six years ago, on April 15, 2014, 200 girls from the U.S.A. Deputy National Women’s National Women in Chibok Maidiguri, in northern Nigeria, were forced by the Islamic Boko Haram Moko Haram Moventery.
Chibok's kidnappers also contributed to the globalization of the nations.
The BBC News reported that in 2014, #BringBackOurGirls were popular at Twitter's head with about 3.3, 27 setbacks from Nigeria, 26th and the United States.
Dr. Oby Ezekwesili is answering questions at UN women’s Web sites with #BringBackOurGirls.
Image by UN Women/Ryan Brown, August 14, 2014. (CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Dr. Obiageli (Ozekwesili) Ezekwesili, former president of the U.S.A., and former Nigerian Minister, Mr. Obiageli began to criticize the young women of Chibo on the day they were kidnapped.
In the Budi National Federation in Yobe, northern Nigeria, on March 25, 2014, the kidnappers were forced to reconstruct the campaign.
Some 47 boys have died of guns and knives, and others are killed by fire.
However, on April 23, UNESCO received it from the UN in Port Harcourt, an oil - oiled site in Niger Delta, appealed to girls who became the world's nuclear missile:
On October 7, 2014’s wife, Michelle Obama, made a chart that restored our girls to #BackOurGirls.
Also, he gave a picture from the Funsota — and this development turned the incident into a global adventure of his recommendations.
For two years, Nigerian troops were rescued from a young girl, in June 2016.
By the time of March 2016, girls 21 joined their family members. In February 2017, Boko Haram's Haram girls were released in religious acts.
Still, 112 girls were asset by the railroads and seemed to be perished by the 13 victims, just as a year 2018 report was very close.
Ezekwesili and the relationship of some people were the primary cause of the #BOG to gather people in the world for the preservation of Chibok women.
In time, the process turned into an incomprehensible wooden tree in which the Nigerian community has been affected by the radiation.
However, the achievements of Ezekwesili.
Just before the election of the 2015 presidential election, Chibok's little girls were affected by a milestone in the aftermath of Ezekwesili on earth.
While his tactics were duplicated, his garments were quickly ripped apart.
Others say that the #BOG’s efforts are just a matter of political disarmament.
Reno Omokri, the assistant president, accused Ezekwesili that the APC is used by the political party and from "kekeeping" of Jonathan’s president, and thus consented for APC".
In 2014 the supporters of the President Jonathan’s president and party of the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) gave " calculating on social media to attack Ezekwesili. The doctor gave a calculation of the Twitter's three-year-year-yearternal calcult: 1 1-yeartertertertertertertertertern
Prosecutors say that Jonathan’s indifference caused Ezekwesilili to be the victim of kidnappers.
According to him, those who have denounced him on the world today say that he has not been detained by the Minister of Chibok".
How well was it that after completing the Minister's office three years ago, Chibok's girls became religious?
Ezekwesili said in the Twitter scene.
He became one of the presidential candidates in 2018, but later he was released.
On Twitter's head, Ezekwesili called to mind: " I am sorry the kids sent in school to kill animals as if their parents cannot know their children. "
But #BOG’s promoting #BOG has lifted his frustrations and dissatisfaction.
#ArewaMeTo and NorthNormal
On February 3, 2019, a young woman named Khadijah Adamua was afraid to disfellowship her former brother for a time.
Adamua, who lives in Kano State, in the northeastern part of Nigeria, has been inserted by his fearful experience.
Nigerian Fakhriyyah Hashim disclosed his support to Adamua with the #ArewaMeTo:
#ArewaMeTo became a copy of the World Cup #MeTo in northern Nigeria. (Acts in Hausa) in Hausa’s language — one of the latest telegrams of rape and violence against women on social media.
While violence is rampant throughout Nigeria. Web site, it is said that in the middle of Belu in 2014 and January 2015, northern Nigeria, especially in Borno, in the first place of violence against women.
In the northern region of the Islamic people, it is difficult for them to keep the technologies out and kill the victims.
#ArewaMeTo has – #ArewawawawaMeTo on social media and activates NorthNormal in Bauchi, Kano, and Niger.
The 15th march of NorthNormal came to earth during the year Belu in eight states in the Embassy and in Abuja.
They have found a positive influence on the protests that the Senators see the need to hear the birthrights " because they are “friending the front lines of VAP,” Hashim explains words.
Hashim went on to say,” yet, in Sokoto, the government is bringing up those around NorthNormal".
The police arrested one of the chieftains of the guerrill
After that, the king of Sokoto, the leader of the Nigerian Islam, was recruited.
According to Hashimal, NorthNormal rejoices from the sign #ArewaMeTo and has two lines: " Violence against the people (VAP), and in the list of " various acts of violence and rape in the northwest Nigeria".
The Constitution of Violence against People (Acts) in 2015 became a legal case on December 23, 2015.
Following the advice of VAP — the legal advance of Nigeria’s law — the law of violence against women is a legal basis.
These include rape, in the wife, in the home of the wife, the rape of women, the propriety of women or the suffering of a widow caused to be harmful, the habit of raising a woman, and/orororororing children.
In Nigeria, rape can be held in prison for 14 years.
If rape is the case of many people, in 20 years the security will be unpaid without charge.
However, according to the 47th Abuja, Nigeria’s capital city, NorthNormal and other Nigerian congresssives, it is said that this is the only law in Nigeria’s capital city that
Opposition to the critics
One year after #ArewaMeTo was on the streets, Hashim told Global Voices that their explosives were "n't done away with,” he said.
Hashim has experience on a global scale when his group faces " the one who will treat children on the streets of the neighborhood" who works in the light industry as if on their own age.
To Global Voices:
The prosecution was launched against him [known], so that he could have received a document from the minister; some did not want to have any interest in this because of the propagation campaign against #ArewaMeTo to become legally illegal.
According to Hashim, executives intended to make ArewaMeTo a legal basis for the transmission of AresowaMeTo to LGBTo.
In Nigeria, marriages between a man and a man are committed to the same law of Seleudoa and federal law, sexual relations between women and women in some parts of the community.
Through the campaign of Hashim along with LGBTQ, people on social media proposed and called #ArewaTo and NorthNormal.
While World Voices have no place in the list of those who propagated Hashim’s campaigns for the rights of LGBTQ.
However, Hashim made a list of hopes on Twitter:
Fakhriyah Hashim, a member of the #ArewaTo and NorthNormal (a permission to use his image.
He said that all these experiences helped him to “withstanding”:
My experience of political commenting on Twitter's good government has helped me to endure, but it does not make me uncomfortable for each of the contradictions of the ArewaMeTo and NorthNormal campaigns.
Thankfully, I made all the accusations and refused to be held back, I began to take an interest in the Northern Nigerian government and in the adoption of rape..
After each attack, we have the strength and the strength to press on because of the negative influence of social media and that if we allow time to cheap, we have to leave our heads to ruin.
Unfortunately, Hashim and Ezekwesili are still struggling with the abuse of “included mercy of the Neighbors” which addresses the sufferings of women on the world and the realization of the world.
For Hashim, "nower is a steppinguishing to the victims of violence" is hard to hold.
This is one of the special features of the project, "Orísunt: the law of social media as a registration for the development of the African country".
This issue issue issue issued a question of the identity of the Nigerians or the irregularity of the telegration, the verdict, and the disfellowshipping of Nigerians and journalists in Nigeria.
Africa Digital Rights Fund of Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA) is the key to the task.
In the cities of the Syrian Assad, the authorities say that ‘in no circumstance’
After nine years of war, the health system in Syria has proved to be very poor.
In the cities of President Bashar al al-Asad, the authorities have challenged the COVID-19 centurions.
According to Desert John Hopkins, Nigeria has been deported to Nigerians with the death of humans down to 21 on June 15.
But the current news reports that featured the landscape are suspendent and are guaranteed that COVID-19 is true.
Walid Abdullah, a 23-year-old boy, was so convinced that the COVID-19 was aimed at the COVID.
Global Voices use the name to discriminate.
In a statement by Global Voices, Abdullah explained that on the 13th day of herbal reception, the Daraa Regional Court in Southeast Syrian Hemisphere said that they had no vacies.
According to Abdullah, when necessary steps are made, the government official who responded to the call said: " We have no cure"
He quickly ends the call.
Be assured, there is no mention of guns killing the suspected COVID-19.
Abdullah told Global Voices " by means of COVID-19 is better than making verses into the state hospital"
This is also a verdict to support other sources.
The March 10, The Voice of the Capital, Ignititis of the Syrian National Health Association, stated that "intificates are taking place in the city of AlMujtad in Dacus.
This too shows itself on social media:
Damascus was also involved in Mouwasat hospital life in the same issue he said:
"Included is the case at the top, and collaboration of the disease’s collaboration is
The Assad government’s response to the COVID-19 pandemic, is similar to the plans used during the Assad War, which saved the lives of more than 1,300 people in the world.
The U.S.A . Centers for Disease Control and Development
The Assad government has revealed hundreds of cities around it, including the nation, despite the fact that many cities around it are being left in the land of Syria.
In February, Iran became one of the heaviest countries in which Covid-19 was detained, the impact of the disease was possible for Lebanon, Iraq, and Syria, as well as for the infrastructivity of
In addition, laborers and tourists from Iran to make sure that at Damascuscus (march) Mr. Zaki Mechy of Londony School of Scienceliic Political Sciences and Polisses (Nocussis).
However, the Assad government continues to spread the COVID-19 news and surgeons.
Speaking with the Syrian government report on March 13, Mzar AlYaziji said that there was no COVID-19
"We are grateful to God that Syrians have cleansed the land from disease:”
The minister of the Syrian health authorities did not even announce COVID-19 until the first day of the Commonwealth Council (March 22), causing him to be furious in the middle of the people who noticed that Assad's plans were being interrupted.
In a report report in the country, one of the townspeople responded to Yaziri's case, “abnod it didn't say in your statement that all disease has been eliminated"
At the same time, the government has begun to counteract the number of those who have the disease in their publications.
In a statement issued on the day of the release of the COVID-19 pandemic.
He expressed his opinion on the number that should be true, and the organization wrote:
Health systems that have been suspended
The fact that this culmination is true of Assad's government because it is only natural that the explosives will be forced to reconstruct in the health system.
According to London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), the total number of COVID-19 recruited people in the land is only 600 in a total of 17.
He said that if the number was higher, the nation's strengths were low, and the floodwaters were severe.
During the civil war, the military has made powerful attacks against the health authorities.
The documentary from the SHO and the Syrian Agriculture Organization makes it clear that there are only 45 performances in the 119th state state state hospital.
The account also indicates that some 70 percent of the health officials have evangelized to become refugees and 20 landslides.
COVID-19 is a natural disaster
The threat of massage of the Syrians may have been the result of these disasters; wars, pestilences, and arguments.
The World’s ECHR advised on June 28, 2019, Okud said that Syrians were starving for solitary hunger and thirst for COVID-19 COVID-19 pandemic.
According to the Olude Federation, there is a total of 11 percent in the month of Ibi, and it is estimated to be 73 in 2019 when it was put on display.
Alihmed (Ahmed named after the release of his name) Daraa said to the World Voice at least five of the world's "ests don’t have anything to do.
Ahmed said that many goods have been unloaded from over 100 pounds.
During the last days of their healthful history, the threat of nuclear war has caused hundreds of Syrians to become Forcess, the city has also been exposed to the threats of malnutrition and corruption.
The YKS estimates are coming along with two million student students perpetuating all warnings: Storm winds are turning out to be rampant.
New Epidemic: Morals
COVID-19 was not the only cause of the arrows surrounding the YKS World Trade in 2020.
Many words have been spreading throughout the seventh month with the Turkish test.
One of his surgical questions referred to “Peartrical activist Dr. Gypsy, telephant music, Mabel Matiz of LGBTQ.
The question of “Gözüm görd marks Chemündsi bildi (whicher) has been unappreciatively exposed to the materials of the wife) and the media because of Mabel's economic status.
According to Twitter's psychologist, Halis Aygün President Center for Measurement, Selectionction and Place ( 64SYM), a government that deals with an examing interview with an exemptionist, Yenikit.
The YKS 2020 C.E.
The tests are arranged by executives throughout the country.
The application of buildings and social institutions in our high schools is a major concern.
They have investigated on the first question of Turkish's tests of YKS 2020.
Workers that are exposed will be discarded from a test.
To some Twitter Web site, this is not enough:
[Prover] President 64SYM spoke for the first time of test! “
They have investigated the basis for the problem.
Those who are involved will be expelled from the tests.”
[Isa] is not the only one that is not absurd, the president who doesn’t think it should be a turning point.
Proponents of the community have also made the decision and the following:
In the YKS20 test today, you cannot describe the children by means of spiritism by means of the hyperbon Mabel Matiz
(Included as he declares “It is a partner” What are you trying to do?
Twitter's psychologists are not equal to the success of the Mabel Matiz and his fame:
The investigators. I want you to consider Mabel Matiz. Since we have no other athletes that have been used for so long, mabeltimati
The nets noted that playing a musical instrument, the politicians would ignore the basic words:
Nobody is shouting over rapes, yet the study of Mabel Matiz is considered to be the source of alcohol.
“It protects our activity” but Mabel Matiz is the one making the most of our culture.
It should be based on those who have dishonored Mabel Matiz, who have been tortured and detained.
Mabel Matiz’s response was inconvenient.
On March 3, as the magnet increases, Matiz returns:
Top: I am happy that my song is using such a special test.
Now I am surprised to see how my life has become a part of the test.
Consider what I was put to the test.
There is nothing wrong with the International Testals: The reincarnation is reincarnated.
I read a lot of latest documents.
What I want to say in that song, I understand you, and I am very happy.
I will continue to sing more songs, to tell stories and to be Nigerians.
To meet another test..
Matiz proclaimed: One day Aygun spoke freely.
He won two medals in a tribunal.
It takes two stages.
“Oometer’s top,” and “Cometery’ in the Pantene Golden Butterfly, 27th, is the most powerful player in the Pantene Golden
As a result, many individuals are behind him in questioning the government’s organisms and social media.
On March 5, Mabel Matix refutes:
I won the “Peals” and “Oometery’ seventh manslayer in the Pantene Golden but butterfly, 2799,”.
I am happy! Thank you people of all sorts. I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz.
In Turkey, 20,000 students were sitting on tests at the University of Lagos State
This test took place in unrestrained discrimination — not because of the plague
The 15 August 2020 edition 8:07 GMT
The picture of the YouTube lyrics of a song from Mabel Matiz with the lyriculum in the middle of the Tragic Conference on the Supreme Courtyard (KYS):
"Gözüm gün görd mark marks 50. CEPTON: REMEMBER irrigation" (Inclubs my mind is ")
In Turkey, over 40,000 countries (83 million people) are expected to be called Yüksek Durezizizizizizizizizizizizi in Synthesis of Turks in Fáfi on Thursday.
Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, this test is held in front of thousands of thousands of people.
On November 26, the high schools announced the day of YKS as June 25 to 26.
However, on March 4, the president of Turkey Recep Erdo made the date 27 to 28 months.
The transformation and the breach of Turks are concerned about people in the streets and on social media:
How does the day affect students who are preparing for a few exams?
In COVID-19 circumstances will be replaced by the COVID-19 pandemics (Jehovah’s soft sponsor/ithrensives) if two million people are thrown into a
In 2019, more than 74 percent were diagnosed in the exams, while 39 percent in the second test.
In Turkey, the first COVID-19 case on March 11, during the last 15th month, the death of over 5,000 people has been lost and more than 2000,000 lives have been lost.
On April 1, the government extended a series of threats:
Investments have relocated homes, international markets, demonstrations, and celebrities have now been relocated for about three months, but in private homes.
Visitors now need to keep their nose and held them in the warmth of their blankets.
While the students called on EKS to get ahead, the government did not hold back from its official position:
At the end of the seventh month, he sat on the test.
As we have seen in the skyrocket, with extreme pressure on social isolation:
The YKS estimates are coming along with two million student students perpetuating all warnings: Storm winds are turning out to be rampant.
New Epidemic: Morals
COVID-19 was not the only cause of the arrows surrounding the YKS World Trade in 2020.
Many words have been spreading throughout the seventh month with the Turkish test.
One of his surgical questions points to “Psalance in the history of today's typhoon, via Mabel Matiz, LGBTQ & B.C.E .: “Im in the storm):
The question of “Gözüm görd marks Chemündsi bildi (whicher) has been unappreciatively exposed to the materials of the wife’s websites because of the youth's economic status.
According to Twitter's psychologist, Halis Aygün President Center for Measurement, Selectionction and Place ($SYM), the government that deals with an exam's case with an explosive reporter, Yenikit.
There he said that the investigation would be conducted, and all those who submitted to the test would be expelled from the job:
The YKS 2020 C.E.
The tests are arranged by executives throughout the country.
The application of buildings and social institutions in our high schools is a major concern.
Workers that are exposed will be discarded from a test.
To some Twitter Web site, this is not enough:
[Prover] President 64SYM spoke for the first time of test!
" The investigation has been investigated to assess the damage. Those who are involved will be detained from the test."
[Isa] is not the only one that is not absurd, the president who doesn’t think it should be a turning point.
Proponents of the community have also made the decision and the following:
At the #YKS20 C.E. #YKS20 C.E ., you do not see spiritism as an illustration for children under the influence of Mabel Matiz?
(Included arguments he declares " we are partners"
What are you trying to do?
Twitter's psychologists are not equal to the success of the Mabel Matiz and his fame:
Teams of researchers. I would like to consult Mabel Matiz.
Because we have no other athletes that have made us use of our culture today for decades.
That is why mabelmatiz is one of us.
People around the world are keenly aware that playing a musical instrument, politicians will destroy important issues:
Nobody is shouting over rapes, yet the study of Mabel Matiz is considered to be the source of alcohol.
This includes all of this:
"We are a protection against our actions", but Mabel Matiz is the one making the most of our culture.
The list of those affected by Mabel Matiz’s discrimination is #MabelMatizimalnotalone.
Mabel Matiz's response to the interview
On April 3, as the arrow increases, Matiz returns:
Top: I am happy that my song is using such a special test.
Now I am surprised to see how my life has become a part of the test.
Consider what I was put to the test.
There is nothing wrong with the International Testals:)
The reincarnation is reincarnated.
I read a lot of latest documents.
What I want to say in that song, I understand you, and I am very happy.
I will continue to sing more songs, to tell stories and to be Nigerians.
To meet another test..
Matiz proclaimed: One day after Aygun spoke free, he won two medals in a medal in a plaque by the highest elections.
He won two calculations, “Oometer,” and “Oousese dynastic mansed in the Pantene Golden Butterfly, 27 27 of them.
As a result, many individuals are behind him in questioning the government’s organisms and social media.
On July 5, Mabel Matix, also disintegrated:
I won the "pportune musical singers" and “Oou whose sinless man was in the Pantene Golden Butterfly, 279,” in the Pantentene Golden Butterfly
Thank you people of all sorts.
I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz, who were guided by the pictures of [orin]
"I Have a Red in My Wipe" clip.
--- Military: Defensive housekeepers are demanding a job for good results.
President of Nigerian Democracy, Vejabiamimia, has determined the international community for the weekends of the world.
Mr. Abiaamia has said that this event without arguing in the world is around because of the COVID-19 past, what we can remember about the sacrifice of Nigeria’s workers.
In his statements on news media and elections, the Nigerians are commended for their commitment to Nigerians and for their long-time success in reservation and for the success of Nigeria.
Still, he considers Nigerian workers to be fruitful both in these and at all times, because of the need for medicinal progress to the success of the country.
‘Mo want Nigerians to give their heart to those who have worked hard.
Really, Nigeria and Nigerians are proud of you.
I urged Nigerian officials to give their strength in the same time of the development of our country.
They must continue to make sure that all of them are able to work for the benefit of the country’
--- Opportunes: Nigerians are detained by Nigerian
Nigeria’s president of the Nigerian Senator Ahmad Lawan, the members of the country should cooperate with their international football teams in the year of the year.
Lawan's Senate also commended the workers for their efforts to rid the country of poverty and insecurity and fearlessness of various jobs.
He is aware of the impact of societies, assuming that this must be done on every occasion.
He said that " the best way to get to know the extent to which the quality of life has to be managed.
According to Lawan, "included as a lawmaker, we are willing to cooperate with the societies of the societies of societies in violating the law-language activism".
The president of the Federal Senate said that as part of an investment effort to envelop the economy and to improve the quality of the people’s lives, it has been unable to improve the efficiency of the year’s budget of the year 2020.
In the case of the Lawan Senator, the federation of the federal law has already reconstructed the rules to ensure that the use of the efficient program is in place.
He said that Senators would continue to apply this principle despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
The president of the Senate observed that this year’s celebrations took place during the time of the global COVID-19 pandemic.
He said that " the intensity and immortality of the Nigerians would help the government to overcome the plague".
Under the direction of the Nigerian Parliament, the Senate appealed to Nigerian citizens to reconstruct the health standards of the community, to wear a veil, to protect ourselves and to protect ourselves and our bodies.
--- COVID-19: 24 others in Nigeria
The Corona (COVID 19) has a total of 191 people in Nigeria, including Corona (1932, U.S.A.)
--- COVID-19: The
The Minister of the Nigerian Health Organization, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, has reported on various events in Lagos State.
The Minister gave the talk COVID-19 during the daily interview with journalists in Abuja.
He added that they are looking forward to all reports of the sudden deaths in Cana, which will help to provide transportation, education and education for the Nigerian nation to COVID-19.
Dr. Ehanire urged health officials matificate to protect themselves from COVID-19 pandemics.
--- Nigeria discovers COVID-1911
Nigeria has a total of 34 people with COVID – 19, which makes all the sufferers a total of 1932.
A total of 300 students were hospitalized, and 45 were killed.
Nigeria’s calculation (NCDC) is confiscated on calcalcium @NCCDCCCCov;
COVID-19 have been rampant;
7-1-Go-Go-Gombe, 6-0-2, 6-0-2-1, 6-0 in Nigeria, 7-1-OBorno, 6-0.
--- COVID-19: The
To Kano, the Minister of Former, stated that the Federation of Nigerian Government Government, on the basis of the state’s efficiency of the Kano State
The Minister of Health Service, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, spoke at a press conference with journalists who had been detained by the federal COVID-19 pandemic in Abuja.
He said that as the federal government is looking for a complete report, the report would be a guide in the rescue team of Kanovid-19 Kano with a point of view, training and private performance.
“Ire reliefs are the construction of the FMOH and therapists from Irrua Specialist Hospital to join the group of health officials in Kano State.
According to the answer, it also claims that professionals will be more likely to play on the backing in Kano State on Thursday.
“Oy lawyer who is answering the emergency call, and FMOH has left Abuja with a vaccinational recordings, five streets (FRSCC) are eager to go to Kano for
Dr. Ehanire also stated that health officials must adhere to the standard of suicide at all times and risk their lives.
“We cannot afford to lose special workers at this time; all must care for the COVID-19 which is to be treated fairly and fairly freely without the help of anti-gnancies in the face of disease or injustice.”
He said, “We are the wrong to go to people without health care or to bribe someone who is in need of treatment.”
--- Sports to Minister
The Minister of Education, Emeka Nwajiuba, said that he would not be able to say or go back to school.
The Minister noted that buildings would be recruited, as President Muhammadu Buhari is conspicuously recruiting from the office of Nigerians.
Nwajiuba, in his remarks, has confirmed that the church has not been willing to use a friendly friendly friendly friendly to make sure that the schools should not be open to the congregation unless it is held in school.
“It isn’t this, it doesn't have any of the most difficult buildings at last.
The Minister also said that all the advanced tests would be achieved by the government to ensure that all the educational programs were understood.
The Minister explained that 10th students (WAEC) and several exams (NECO) along with the NABTE are not suspended in front of them.
He spoke of the challenge taken by international education and the application of public education programs.
According to him, “We are not the advantages of some because of the lack of commerce in prison, some are able to advance on the radio, some on the radio, and some are demanding social media throughout the world.
"On now, we have an educational program for 31 citizens in 266 lands, and this means that from radio or teuphilis, educational programs and programs to provide adequate access to global values.
Nwajiuba said that “Love SUBE’s digital telegration, we have been able to distribute this information on social media, and the federation has said it would be better placed in the conscriptions.
The Minister said that the COVID-19 pandemic has helped all businessmen to recover and has helped each individual to get on the job.
During his presentations on international training, the minister said that the government would also use professionals who would be better able to make it more useful after the recent challenge of dealing with the World Cup.
Also, the boarding schools in the capital, FCTA, issued a warning to the private private schools for 2019/20 on social media for parents and students.
The Umaru Marafa National Institute of Constitution, Umaru Marafa, stated in a statement issued on Tuesday that should be done at any time until the school exit is released.
Marafa said, “Acts this is that when the schools will return, the clashing of the second psalm will be completed, and the third vaccination will be possible.
They looked at the managers to hold a handcraft and a handcraft, as it were, so that they wouldn’t have any further plans until the state turned into a new one.
Those who take a stand against this command will face a strict order;
Marafa also said that the federal government school has completed all programs to provide educational programs throughout the world whether the radio or coffeeeters will make it easier for students to work in the streets when they live in solitary conditions.
--- He doesn't have to open any private school without having to start – M FCT
The Minister of Nigeria, Alhaji Muhammad Takes Bello in Abuja, who has been detained to all parents and university students for only half a year to be set free from prison.
The executive secretary of the Abuja, Umaru Márphah, issued a statement on a technical technical technical technical technologram, that no schools have been established in Abuja until it is scheduledged for the day's quarters.
"We are apprehensive to keep the school safe, and they don't have to try to open the school until it comes from the mobile phone to FCTA."
All those criminals will be victims of the law.
Mr. Oraf noted that FCTA’s collaboratory program was designed to start the program by using global knowledge, as well as the use of cosmetics to help students learn at the time of the time.
--- MUHAMMADUHARI WILLIFY SERVICE
MUHADUHAD'S BUHARI’S STRECURES COURAGE DESTRUCTION, DIGNMENTS FREECT, FROCCTION OF THE TRUST 1, COPECCTION
1.O Nigeria
2.M memorize you for your updates and current tests in the fight against the highest health challenges of our generation.
3.Nater, 26th April 2020, around the world, Covid-footed 3. Around 3. 5,000 people have been accommodated by 200 5,000 people.
4. Many countries are affected by health problems and economic hardships.
5.Nade makes it a point to learn the world's deeper truths every day, and I tell our organizations that we can make changes in our old age.
6.N three weeks ago, a student in 20th and capitals was reported to be three times in the first place.
7. The 7.. Nigeria’s 1-111-presidencies in 22th and capitals are a total of 40 people who have lost their lives.
It is using this opportunity to express our sympathy with the families of Nigerians who have lost their loved ones through the COVID-19 pandemic.
9.A began to think that Nigeria would have a second chance of winning the first month.
According to this, the number of those who have been diagnosed with a compact has grown twice a week, the results have been counterfeited by the fine results.
A total of 11.I, a total of 19 percent in the refrigerator, indicated that taking on a good tour of the Nigerian football is a lot of good players. Many Nigerians
12.Lon, the Nigeria Football Federation, has donated 15 chickens to accommodate 13 people throughout the country.
13.Lather your reply, Lagos State and Abuja, along with the support of the guerrilla venue of the raid camp camp. They also reviewed the purpose of visiting rooms to convenient the interview.
14. Many major stores and renewals have been found throughout the country, and this has resulted in an estimated 15.
15.Mo commended the State Governor of the State for emergency security at the time, the intervention of new medical centers and the intensity of man’s threats.
16. A total of 10,000 health officials have been trained for security, and other safety devices have been donated to Nigerians.
Since we have had experience in some of the challenges, we are on the sidewalk on the grounds of a hot soccer legislation that we are not immune to the dangers of perfectionism.
18.Nigh the government’s promise to improve the quality of our health, we have signed a discreet treaty for the safety and other resources of the health-language team
19.A has already set aside for some 5,000 health officials, and I have to be allowed to support the federal staff for a short time.
And 20.Nisans are currently receiving international attention from private and collaborators. This is the result of the generator’s generosity, which has been available to Nigerians in the preparation of government to coordinate practical measures.
.Pluded 21. The symposium of relief at the time and in the elections of the elections, I know how many Africans who are waiting for them are affected by the efforts of people who are looking for help in it.
22. WHO of our employers made it a point to get up at this critical moment. Although we were so happy to be in the security of Nigerians, I wanted to make it the first place to us, especially during this difficult time of his ignorance.
23. While caring for the security of life and property will no longer be allowed to be caught in civil rights from poverty. Managing reports are fewer interesting reports, and I would like to convince you that the criminals will be found guilty of violating the law.
24.Mo encouraged Nigerians to make progress in their meeting and insecurity.
The 25.B has continued to clarify our responses at the railway stations, the incident in Cana, despite the intensity of the complete exemption, we are determined to squad the federal and support of the federal government.
26.New people, as well as the rest of the new colonies, are said to have the first opportunity to travel with the state and the history of the country in one place.
27.Lati in this regard, I encouraged Nigerians to continue to adopt presidential and state administration.
28. These are the following: Frequently, distances, irrigation, turning away from the walks and turning around for a host game.
29. Nigerians, for the past four weeks, have passed through the federal government or the federal government in the past, as described earlier, and participated in the history of our country.
30. Surveys, such as buildings, have also been associated with multiple economics. Many of our country's citizens have lost much of the job. No country has been able to escape all the damage.
31.New final statements, I have the federal government to reconstruct the purpose and laws that will protect the lives of the dead.
32.Lather these two weeks, the federal government and state have worked hard to promote health and physical security, as they do in the case of the tournaments of our rights.
Consider how businesses, businesses, businesses, and coaches have improved in working as well as following the country’s high standards of cleanliness and distances.
34.A scores of our players without damaging their health.
35. We are in a position to grow and harvest at the time of the rainfall, and we are also able to use the unprotected scrutiny to make sure that we are safer in the country to use their own businesses and coaches.
36.On our goal is to make sure that our economic situation will continue to improve while we are looking for the answers to the test. This is a serious decision that will make it a challenge for all the heads of the world.
Because of this and the encouragement of the presidents on COVID-19, the Federal Economic and Senate of Nigerian governors, I have signed a Nigerian Senate in Lagos, Lagos, and the ECHR to be the closest of the 2020.
38.S. At last, a brief examination and a 1-1-speaking meeting will be scheduled and will be made payable on business trips.
39.1 in front of the country’s new constitution;
A.Acts from 8am 6am, and this means that tourism will become a compound during this time with an important group.
(Italics Nigerians will continue to travel for implementation until misunderstandings.
c.G. a staggering staggering package will make it a challenge to keep the items from home to those who will use them.
.A will be sure that we have to hold a veil in the outside with our time and resources. Local Government Government, large and compassionate people are urged to help in providing venues for citizens of the country.
Because of the uncertainties of Abuja, Lagos State and Medical Constitution will remain until some other laws have improved, March 4, 2020.
The presidents will provide details to the government, businessmen, and services.
42.N According to these high standards, the state government has chosen to stand up to the level of demands and demands for a wide variety of conveniences in which they are allowed to live in harmony with this statute.
43. Determined for the sales of businesses and shoplifters, those responsible for money will be able to provide necessary and resolving.
These regulations are not found in Kano State.
45.Nes Kano State, I have ordered two duplicates immediately. The federal government will seize people, tools, and tools needed to help the state state state, and if the ravages of infections are conservative.
46. Once again, I wanted the international workers who were putting all things over to overcome this conflict. To those who have lost their jobs, you are confident that the government will continue to help you and your family during this time of peace.
47.Mo I am also very supportive of our King, members of the Kríss in Nigeria, the highest organization in Islam and the community’s community, and the support of your support have helped to improve the quality of our lives.
48.M fairly invite all of you to continue sharing in social debates between worshipers and people in your community that they should take an interest in every aspect of human rights and sanitation.
49.Mo is grateful to the governor, the federal COVID-19 pandemic for this time. I am confident that there will be good results.
50.Mo would like to thank you for the warmth and compassion, the global warming organization, the white, the national journalist, and the support of our supportive efforts.
51.Oner, I would like to thank all Nigerians for patience and cooperation during this difficult time of the day. I assure you that the congregation will do all he will to act in his behalf by protecting the lives of all Nigerians.
52.Mo is grateful that you listened to me, and you are blessed for Nigeria.
--- Nigerian security is my priority – President Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that Nigerian security is the primary concern of "in police during these challenges and insecurity".
The president spoke on April 27th of April 2020.
President Buhari said that he would be protected from human life and property, and his government would not consolidate human rights in the face of law enforcement.
"Tritical reports, I assure Nigerians that they will not go without legal registration."
The president urged Nigerians to cooperate with the security of the law enforcement during the meeting.
--- COVID-19: President Buhari manage
Nigeria’s president, Muhammadu Buhari has struck Nigerians in Lagos, Northern Nigeria, as a result of a sudden seizure in the country.
President Buhari confiscated that the building program would be scheduled for two weeks in Cana.
The president also said that "Nisans and shrines will be sent to the State to help the state, to prevent the country from spreading into another neighboring state."
The president also said that a tourist from one country to another was responsible for the medicinal history that took place in Kao State.
--- NISS wins 13 Togo
The Nigerian substitute Ilelei (NIS) has been obtained from Lumè, Togo, and Seme-Krake.
NIS’s spokesman, Mr. Sunday James said this in a statement issued on Monday in Abuja, who returned to his home as a receptionist at a house in Togo.
According to James’s case, 13 persons have been detained for Corona's medical examination.
He said, "We are also asked to be at the sidewalks of the NNCDC (NCDC) and to be set free from country to country, thus emboldening Cornosis.
James at the Seme-Krake border between Nigeria and southern Benin. He said that NIS is not too late for these customs managements.
He said that NIS would take a feeble communic to enter Nigeria, so the Seme-Krake borders have been suspended.
He said that Mr. Muhammad Oridededede has appealed to Nigerian travelers to avoid miserable hyperbons because of criminal and violent crimes.
--- President Buhari speaks to Nigerians about 8
President Muhammadu Buhari will speak to Nigerians today, April 27, at 10: 00 p.m.
The Teliphis Stadium, R radio, and other psychologists were invited to join the first international media in Nigeria (NTA) and the federal prosecutor (FRNCN).
Nigeria will also be hitchhiking on social media.
On VON Social Media handles:
--- President Buhari addresses Nigerians today: Administration will put an end to rigid rules or will increase days.
Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari will continue to communicate with Nigeria on Monday, April 27, 2020.
All Nigerians want to hear what President Buhari will say about building up.
The president's president on the news and announcement.
--- Adolescent home will be restored on April 28
Nigeria’s collaboration will return on Tuesday after a coach with a sturdy motion due to Covid-19 in Nigeria.
On the 24th day, the Lagos State House of Representatives built two steps to ensure a safe reconstruction of buildings – administratory of the COV-19 pandemic.
In a statement issued by Patrick Gilgal, Mr. Patrick Gilbo said that the federal system would be set up in the federal system in Nigeria as well as in the country's constitutional system.
The publication invited an assistant and administrator to stay home to be friendly and said that " we would call them if they needed a special help at home."
If a child is in prison – he is in charge of the home, he will consider the steps to combat Corona's disease and the national affairs of the country.
--- Economic government is working to investigate in Lagos State Ministers
The Minister of Health Service in Nigeria, Osagie Ehanire, said that the local congregation and the state state of Carnival in Weo was playing Kano with a team at the basement office in the facility in the country.
Ehanire said that the Witness-president would hold a meeting with the governor of Cana on the occasion, and he added that it was unthinkable.
Ehanire also has teams to examine, to see the end of the strategies, to see how they will be able to measure up to the programs and cements that have come to the country.
" We have no experience in COVID-19, and we are surprised to learn from COVID-19."
He boils it, and we can stop it by using the strategic iron and the hardest men.
The Minister said that the Lagos State had a higher education in Carnival displays and that the Lagos State was quick to face Corona's neck because of the experience of his vaccination in 2014.
The Minister noted that the Carnival collaboration, despite the intensity of the Lagos State, has not been compared to Lagos State, since it is not the state of Lagos State.
Ehanire has been infected with 40 health care centers in Nigeria, and he has not been placed in a coma.
