[Included] Luz Mely Reyes, whose faces were raided by the SEBIN Democracy of Diaz and Soto's home.
The reporter’s appeal to the audience:
IN SPIRIT at the end of this season, at 3:00 p.m., the Congress of the Public Information Council arrived at Luis Carlos Díaz, which has been accommodated from the #NibouisCaruarsWa.
The #DondeEstauisCarlos (Nou Carlos?’s human rights activists and human rights activists joined the campaign with #Dondera Twitter of Venezuela.
Deaz is a mediator and an administrator of the old human rights activist of free speech and activist to him in Venezuela and the sea for militants of Nicholas Maduro.
He has been working with his wife and a prominent political prosecutor, Naky Soto, who are producing videos and radio broadcasts on the political and social media in Venezuela.
He has worked as an ambassador and an electoral candidate of the community and the special etops that are not part of the congregation.
Iaz is also a teacher of the Global Voices for ten years.
Luis Carlos is an intelligent person, one of the strongest reports in Venezuela who has been unfortunate.
He has searched out most of the city (including place) #NiboniLCarlosWa.
Only days before his democracy, the Con el Mazo Dando showed a video by Diaz.
The Diosdado Cabello, arguing that Diaz signed a lack of electricity throughout the country that caused Venezuela's children to live in darkness for more than four hours on 7 and 8 Farms
There is no piece of evidence with texting.
Seven hours have passed since Luis Carlos Díaz was missing.
[Díaz] is the Unión Radio Notdiicias media and human rights activist.
We have the SEBIN quarters capital and #NibouisCarlosWa.
[Included reports: They have denounced them that [Diaz is in their
Journalist Vladimir Villegas said that he had no idea that he was arrested with power:
bodionet Luis Carlos Díaz, is a member of the City police station.
We rejoice with him.
We asked for the right to know where he is, and to respect his human rights.
The Global Voices remained loyal with Luis Carlos, his family, and the independent journalist of all those who arrest the government in Venezuela.
We long for him to arrive at the peace of the body and spirit, bringing reports about this news as he does it.
The prosecution of social media will outlaw free free speech in Nigeria
The amendment of the law will give permission to online online in Nigeriaj
Photo by Channnel Television Yoube was posted by Mohammed Sani Musa. Photo by postgraduation Television Yoube .
On November 20, the Solu Constitution of the Senate, which protected the 2019 Ibass and Medodo-language Congress, known as "including the bill of social media", the title of Mohammed Sanisa, is the second time for demoliation.
The proposal of the constitution was to defuse rumors and untrue statements on social media.
Although the prosecutor, it is not to detain the law to social media, it will revolve freedom of speech on the world, opposition will become a criminal and temporary dispatchment to the parliament.
In 2016, Nigerians were able to obtain such academic documents by the Nigerians.
You can only if you hear the government (modern government)
According to Article 1A, the idea of this restriction is to "YY’] a nonlitrary or an irrefutable document in Nigeria".
It will protect Nigeria’s resources to "turn", despite not forgoing issues such as the general health care, the security of all the securitys, "in the loss of everybody or the fall of all the money" and "in the internects of Nigeria" and the other Nigerians.
According to 1c, the sensational system will be "mote, control, and protected the use of irregular and global media".
For more information, there is nothing that the new law can be compared to it if it is on the verge of the world — under the threat of rumors and rumors.
The prosecutor’s technologies are flooding, none, Nigerians will find it neither a community nor a place of dwelling, nor a homemade drug users, as the "weapons of the earth" that won't be the roadway".
Forage 3a b blogs have been published by social media users:
A sincere person does not want to be indispensable or after the stronghold of Nigeria to introduce an irregular statement against him; and acting independently of the Nigerian nation as a total of eight days of security.
The ban on the rights of free speech has been described as "insurance of the nation".
However, there is no way to contradict the Nigerian government or not to be mistaken.
On Article 3b, a statement that is indispensable to “extremist, or demeaning, that is the government in the eyes of the community” is not literally literally.
According to Article 3b), this is related to the statement: "Love, to anyone or zeal among men".
This is dangerous because it allows officers to abuse power.
Who would say whether a statement might cause tension?
This means, however, that the use of angry or political aggression could result in hatred for them.
The anti-Westestest in the United States’s federal pension costs $556 to $28,000 (U.S .), a tribute for three or two years.
The Senate’s permission for temporary access to social media
The prosecutor's advisation empowered the government to defraud the technical technical jokes as it seems to be right by "SAN’ to use the world as it appears on Article 12,aye's 3:.
The Senate is able to demand permission of the NCC [Nigerian Communication Commission – arbitrary sloganisation of social media] to conserve in the very presence of Nigerians.
Approximately, the crocodiles must be detained or paid for nearly 50,000 naira ($14-28,000 USD).
In addition, the parliament protected the safety of sophisticated witchcraft that would not cause "frastructure of state or place " if it could not be released from a trial that could not be confiscated with "incation of the constitution" around the earth, according to the age of 12, according to the author 5a.
The human rights activism was insurmountable because the law allowed the police to enforce a measure of authority, as it did.
The article 15a said that “in the police’ during "personal investigation" is a key to defrauding the nation’s social media.
At the end, “appointed with my convictions in the Supreme Court” (AP of 13) which could be detained without the police to refute the law.
This can be averted — one will not be able to appeal to the court for the infrastructivity of the offender’s rights.
Representatives after the constitutional advisation
In a three-month parliament, the parliament included the recommendation: Mohammed Sani Musa (a seminary), Abba Moro and Eli Absha Abbo.
The Mohammed Sani Musa, Activate Technologies Limited, used for the 2019 election, was launched by the Mohammed Sanied Sani Musa, the Activate Technologies Limited, who launched an independent independent independent independent independent independent campaign for the Congres of the Cons of the
The Emergency (INEC) appealed to the charge.
In this case, the elections have failed to work without interference from the powerful.
Isha Elisha Abbo of the opposition group of the People’s Democratic Party (PDP) is a representative representing the Northern Adamawa Region of Nigeria.
In April 2019, at the police station, Abbo acted with a woman's probation in the capital of Nigeria in Abuja.
After the category was handed on social media, Abbo offered was aware of his behavior and was absent.
Abba Moro, a member of the PDP, is the representative of the South Benue, central Nigeria.
On March 15, 2014, Moro, the general director of the Constitutional Court, was on the verdict of the Nigerians who set up a total of 6,000 registrational entities throughout the Nigerian
The horrifying culmination of the heritage of the people and the harm to many.
Iro believed in the generator’s repatriation of some 675 gaira [ $1.8 USD].
Iro took money to his collaboration and confiscated the customs legislation.
– #SayNoToSocialMediaBillia
By using the #SayNoToSocialMediaBill, Nigerian citizens on Twitter's side to express their
In a statement, Amnesty International lamented that the use of "included legislations of human rights acts " because it would not kill Nigerians for their ideas" and "include them to do just that. "
While misinformation stops the rumors’ words and rumors, it is a matter of concern to the welfare of citizens.
It is amazement, the political party is in front of using an international expression.
The political party, along with opposition opposition opposition opposition party, turned Twitter into a war-language field, causing unrestrained and unrelenting news during the 2019 presidential election
For more information:
social media media quoted racism, unrelenting news and speech during the 2019 presidential elections.
Twitter became a battlefield during the 2019 elections
In like manner of free speech in Nigeria, a very powerful message from the United States Toni Morrison that brings peace to the heart:
This is the time for artists to work. He did not live in hopelessness, he did not need food, but he did not need to be paralyzed.
We wrote, a p'.
The prosecutor’s permission of the constitution was a second time in the Senate.
Before becoming a law, a parliament had to be examined by legislative representatives, and the Constitutional Training Committee will review the results of his pretrial visits to the Executive Committee.
We should take a closer look at the committee’s measures, as it were, that the railway system has been lost.
As a result of the most famous African country in Adlula, the government will be forced to act as soon as freedom of speech has been established.
Tanzania's highest court has authorized the displacement of the elderly and child without regard to its inauguration
" THIS is the best decision that the building will make"
Screenshot schools in Tanzania represent pictures on June 10, 2007. Fanny Schertzer, used with permission from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0.
In March 2019, Tanzania’s highest court held a 2016 verdict, a youngest daughter and a 18-year-old son.
The Tanzanian pandemic has confirmed this decision, since girls are rapidly puberty and that marriage is a safe one for pregnancies.
However, on October 23, 2019, Tanzania's Tanzanian government lost its appeal to the high court ruling: male and female premarital sex before marriage, and this increased the power of childhood in Tanzania.
According to the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA), Tanzania is the world's largest child level.
Circuits are eager to express their joy over the trial.
Some greeted Rebeca Z. Gyumi, a accuser, and one who came to the respect of the children.
Gyumi is the founder and captain of the Msichana Initiative (Christ for Young People), a non-government agency that trains girls through school.
Circumstance to end child abuse in Tanzania
In 2016, Gyumi signed the violation of marriage; Law of Marriage, 2002 (LMA) a non-based woman to get married by an 18-year-old woman.
According to a study of Tanzania Demographic and Health Survey (TDDHS), a woman's 36-49 per day was married before being 18 years of age, with boyfriends 5.
The Law LMA convened a 14-year-old girl to marry in a courtship with a five-year-old parental case, when 18 years were the youngest day for son.
Through his representatives, Gyumi explained that LMA’s defense against a woman was very important because she gave more to men than women.
In time, it was said that the civil rights of the human race turned away from the practice and that girls were subjected to the right to education.
Gyumi appealed to the Supreme Court to detain LMA as a coup.
The Supreme Court is not absurd.
However, it was recognized as a violation of law and was given a year for government to renounce what was wrong in LMA’s state.
By means of a representative of the high court of the judges, the government has been authorized to hold marriage between 18 years and women and men.
However, the embassy enveloped the decision and wrote a registration to the Supreme Court:
With government authorities: I have accepted #childmarriage’s registration. Appendix 204 of the year 2017.
Further: Mozambican densitizes children into crime
Fortifications
During the four months of court hearing, the government decided to reconstruct the 2016 reconstruction of LMA, which allowed a five-year-old daughter to get married.
The prosecutor, Mark Mulwambo and Alesia Mbuya, conspirated the act of woman and man with traditional and religious laws.
Ms. Mbuya said that boys and girls were "pritically prosecutors " and that, according to law, they were subjected to rights.
He added that because girls are more likely to be more efficient than boys than boys, it says that there is a safe marriage between a girl who is not married to a husband without a pretrial age.
He further stated that the court failed as a “believing age and age due to marriage”, which means that the legal celebrity should be respected for the marriage of a man and woman.
Senates have quickly denounced the reason for the prosecutor’s decision.
Addition: Mozambique, Cote d'Ivoire laid amendment for the rights of women and children
Fraud coaches
The court ruled as a reference to absurd practices that cause harm to both girls and young women in Tanzania.
For the United Nations, to be able to pass through the ages of 2030, the government has to make changes in the laws of rights and the use of legislation that will bring about the circumcision issue.
The results of research showed that the right date of marriage is related to a list of editious documents and petitions (TDDHS 201).
In Tanzania, it has six years of age between a girl who has not attended school and those who read the highest books or books.
In Tanzania, pregnancies or educators should be expected to be conceived, and years in prisons will have a legal basis.
A pregnant woman does not return to school even when she has a child.
The ban on implementation with a child provides security for girls, without considering how they entered school.
In Tanzania, girlfriends and girls don’t have the opportunity to finish their studies, as a result of Tanzania National Survey, 2017.
The ban on irregularity statutes a better way of life for the student to complete his studies without arguing.
Even so, student student women who are still under restrictions that they should not return to school.
The identification of the Republic of Jamaica that Kanye West used became the strongest controversial dispute over ‘indulgence’
The marketplace on Jamaica became enveloped on a
Kanye West sings at the annual Garden benefit, New York City, March 10, 2011. Photo by Jason Persse, CC BY-SA 2.0.
The lyrics of the United States Kanye West revenue to Kingston, Jamaica, on the weekend of the country’s “extremist Day Day" which will come to Kingston, Jamaica
This is the first time the player lifts his part of his praiser from the United States, where he is administrated for a national government that he has brought to his homeland.
However, the party found out from early stages, which Ho went down with the national identification of Jamaica, West We made up of the marketplace that was selling in the international markets without permission.
Within two days, the Emancipation Park in Kingston, the capital of the country — had already taken place — a conversation with the controversies involved by West's controversial
The site was released in 2002 for "gnands" for 300,000 slaves in Jamaica on Friday, July 1, 1838.
This may be the first stage of the party, but it is not the last one.
Especially was the Olivia "Babsy, Grange, who criticized the country’s performance of the revenue, as the lyricult of the party’s lyricultural revenue of the venue of the international activity of the internment of the Federation.
In addition, the residents of Kingston, who were very busy this week, washed the turmoil and laundies as those who managed to get home in the evening.
Without a doubt, the parties went to the club, and thousands of Nev Jamaicans enjoyed the revenue held by the Jamaican brothers and sisters who supported their efforts:
News reports indicate that there may be a measure of security in (Italic Day’s Day) to take in the identity of Kingston, Jamaica, and a long-speaking bird.
I have done some research on the world and have searched for evidence after predetermining, but I am not grateful for their marketplace, which is selling on the world's identity identity cards, which she has made to the party.
The truth of Jamaica is that governments do not always respond to the quest for ‘Jamaica’ or irregular irregular irregularities that have been irresistibly and apassed.
He also saw for our songs and songs, Ska, Mento, Rock Steady, Reggae, and then went.
Jamaica’s blanket is not quick to give attention to the fashion that has a special island that will purchase people.
If the marketplace is hosted in Emancipation Park, which makes more progress than government and citizens of Jamaican people in a special way.
I have noted that the Cultural and Culture of Kingston has been coordinating emergency manages to buy something
I thought the government had a congressive system.
Indeed, the prosecutors still have the responsibility to unravel the issue of the negligence of the Jamaican flag.
The deadly police addressing ‘in Guinea as President Alpha Condé rejected him without reservation’
"Several cities have turned their backs on the government"
The loss of what is happening in Guinea from France 24.
Extreme violence in Guinea on April 14, which has caused many deaths and massages after the protest against the president of Alpha Conde, who is planning to turn away from him for the third time.
The streets of the capital city, Conakry, and other cities have become civil war between law enforcement agencies and protesters.
The police station has seized a new opportunity to use a deadly weapon when it arrives.
Protesters have sent 6 people to the basement, which includes a police officer in the dusty, many killing themselves.
Further: Guinea's security officials have the authority to use a deadly weapon
Protesters did not allow prosecutive documents to be the presidential candidates to be in place for three times.
Really, the Senate has two years passed since the presidential office of Condé, a 81-year-old, has to be completed in October 2020.
Protesters are especially vulnerable because they have been violated by Human Rights Watch:
Translation Original Quote
Human Rights Watch today, the state of Guinea has already shut down the streets for a year, pointing to the safety of the city.
Local authorities have raided more than 20 tons of political parties and others.
The security agencies have turned out to be among those who are not favorably disposed to disperse them and caused countless people.
Regarding the political incident, the parliament declares discriminationalism: On February 13, Mr. Condebunal:
Translation Original Quote
Alpha Conde has called for disclosure and wants the seat of a motorcycle to address the challenges of the country’s
However, Ahmed Tidiane Traoré, presidential candidate, said on March 12, — two days of pretrial detention — for the raids of the RPGunun Reunion of the People of Guinea:
Translation Original Quote
The members of the political party were encouraged to become more efficient on the streets.
They [in the party’s political opponents] have caused problems, we invited confessors from the part to seek relief from the problem, but not against the problem, keeping no property safer than protecting one another.
All evildoers will be investigated by their own eyes to see mankind.
Two disclobalguineefoods have soared the anger of the opposition party and human rights parties, saying:
Translation Original Quote
On October 14, 2019, the year 2019 was the battered Day of the Devil, in response to the FNDC’s quest for protection against the Senate of State, Guinea's citizens sponsored the page to defraud a violation of a violation of
The attack took place in the regions of the capital city.
Tournament was raided in the central state of Kalou.
Those in Central and Guinea Rivers also responded to the call and joined the rest of the country.
It is just a few people out of the country and Mounte Guinea.
However, many cities have turned their backs on the government.
On the benbere.org, the interviews with youths in Mali, journalist of the Village of Adam Thiam:
Translation Original Quote
Approximately, in Guinea, with the sounds taking place, the horrific attacks have signed and committed many protests, bloodshed on the streets, everything of the fiery furnaces and disinformation.
On social media media outlets:
Like Blaise Compaoré [Jehovah’s Burkinabé] Alpha Conde is heading for destruction, will I be able to fill his family’s homes?
It is coming to know the future. Now the boat is running out.
On October 15, journalist Guinea Bhiye Bary wrote:
Hamdallaye (#Conakry): Some citizens were awakened by police in the morning.
According to one person, the police were knocking and carrying the homes of the householders.
S. Nkola Matamba, author and human rights advocates of the Congo National Socialist community, expressed sympathy:
A former opponent, who sought to turn around by his own free will for the third time, whether it would be a duration until the arrival of the Judge, Alpha Condé is a very vivid example of the source of support for the nation of Nigeria !
Brothers in Guinea, keep the heart strong!
#GUINE – it is amass – it’s a culmination of the Conditions for the third time that took the lives of the people away.
To criticize the political party on the president's office has become the largest Amoulanfe— Cheikh FallTM (@cypher007) on October 14, 2019
Representatives of Guinea Macky Darsalam expressed confidence in public opinion:
Opposers of Guinea also lacked security to protect itself during the attack: representatives of the entire political party did not controversially date from October 11, 2019.
The violence against these political parties has taken extraordinary measures, the mediaguinee.org wrote:
Translation Original Quote
.. the capital of the Federal Republic of Forces (URF) community of Sidya Touré, a band of opponents and those interested in a governmental arrangement that would not allow the protest to take place on the day of protest in the communities where they had spoken.
The attack came to an end after the release of the URF group of six people who did not know the names and parties of their political party.
#Sex FGrades: Proliferation program exposed sexual harassment at the University of Olivion
The shamefulness of those affected by unforeseen occurrences
Boniface Igbeneghu, a professor of psychologists, Nigeria has scorned the venue on several occasions (BC #Sex BeforeGrades)
#Sex InjuGrades, a venue commentary of BBC made a venue tournament that has been drawn by international coaches with professionals in Nigeria and Ghana at the same time has helped to create a series of social media outletlets that have drawn different types of questions on the world:
The project, which was published on April 7, 2019, by journalist Dr. Kiki Mordi, who had not completed her studies because she didn't want to do anything with her psychologist who was measuring her due to test because she did not do her discrimint:
Boniface Igbeneghu, University of Lagos, edited with students in BBC surgery.
Photo by BBC #Sex FGrades.
A survey of one hour exposed the unveiled behavior of “the passenger passionately’s love for eye" at the University of Lagos (UNIG) of Nigeria and the University of Ghana.
Boniface Igbeneghu, a spokesman at the UNILAG and a priest of the Foursquare Gospel, in Lagos, is among the most frightening students.
Igbeneghu was found in the BBCC’s efficiency of a 17-year-old girl who was an unsuspeakable student, IBCneghu said:
Do you not know that you are a beautiful girl ?
“We know that I am a religious minister, and I am 50 years old, but if I want to be 17 years old and money old, it will be a good word and money....
At a meeting with the two, the Igbeneghu was killed by the fire and asked the girl to kiss and kiss him in her cracks.
The Foursquare evangelist congregation has established Igbeneghu as a "busing the work of the good news".
Also, Igbeneghu has been expelled from school and then called " cold rooms", held by executives at the revenue of social media.
Several recent events
The disintegration of the plastic leave leaves hundreds of Nigerians with #SexGrades on Twitter.
Many of the females in Twitter's Twitter are expressed by their experiences on sexual behavior:
Chairman, a schoolteacher and writer, explained the " great shame" when he was found by an executive officer (DVC) signed a statement that he should not touch him:
Nigeria’s high school officials have ruined women.
However, because of the embarrassment of those who were physically impaired, it was not easy to stand up for the debased.
In 2016, the Senate brought a five-year prison sentence to a student who was convicted in a court case with a student in "Dault Administratory Constitutional Court".
However, the Nigerian Inspired Secretary, Dr. Administrator, stated that he disregarded the authority and authority of higher education.
The prosecutor's announcement scrutinizes the code of the code — and this does not cause the president to beat him.
The #Sex FGrades is the typhoon of #ChurchToo new?
In the last year, the filmmaker Bé Dakolo accuses Fáto, the high priest of the Commonwealth of Zion Assembly (COZA) said he was in a close relationship with him when he was 16 years old.
Further: Priest or killer?
Preaching Evangelizer in dealing with rape
For the past six years, Vadededemic has seen the verdicts of rape together.
However, Dakolo’s interview with prosecutor Dakolo caused controversy over the world as a wholere.
For a short time, the building of worship; #ChurchTo — my example in the world #MeToo — a world in Nigeria.
The prosecution appealed to international protests on the streets of the cities of Nigeria, such as Lagos and Abuja.
The notice of the house of worship #ChurchToos urged the government to dissuade the people of “inciting the suffering of a woman and a girl.”
The #ChurchToo opens with a view to "including raids that are growing, especially in the worship" in Nigeria.
He gave women the opportunity to discipline from their mouth.
Like #ChurchToo, the #Sex FGrades has already expressed concern over the abuse of violence that women do not sincerely want to outside.
Will the signs of this digital movement be a solemn defender of the right to renounce a high school term into a safe place for women?
It is only time and time to speak.
Zanzibar’s only lyrics of music school was about to be closed
Dhow f'orin’s Swahili heritage building
The students from Dhow (DCMA) are playing qanun, defrauding, and in Stonewn Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Thousands of pilgrims visiting Stone Town, Zanzibar, a history-speaking lyrics of the Music of the Dhow (DCMA), a musical lyricultural lyrics that plays Indian flossss are very closelying.
Since 2002, the school has been a source of great comfort and support to the collection of Arabic, India, and Adelawor.
After the 17th century, the school was unable to obtain enough money in a pocket and it could cause the school to die.
In a report published by the DCMA, 70 percent of the students were unable to get their schools about $13 USD paid a month.
With the backing of the kind people who have contributed to the school, the revenue remains still worth the price so much that it has made it possible for the school gates that belonged to the Old Parliament.
Without adequate funds to advance, DCMA and employees are afraid of the insecurity that results from the famous building of this island — it can reach darkness.
The school is not merely a popular culture and culture but a house for young people who are living in a place where they can be more efficient.
DCMA is a student playing qan, a musical instrument. Photo by DCMA from DCMA.
"A [th beginning] will be able to monitor the difficult time", the leader of the DCMA, Alessia Lombardo, in the DCMA video photo.
Since then until six months until this time, we have no clear evidence that we will pay the month for educators and workers".
During this time, the parables of the 19 pupils and other workers have worked for three months without having to go home because of the lack of money in school
According to the World Bank Accounts, despite the fact that the school is a community where it is located for the coasts and the wealthiest buildings, hundreds of indigenous people are more demanding than ever before.
For 17 years, DCMA has been a very hard laborer by using music as well as the tradition of Zanzibar.
The lyrics, Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Barak Binti Baraka, also known as the Bind Kidude, Zanzibar, are the lyrics of the lyricultic songs associated with the Swahili community.
In today’s world, students can sing traditional music, mogoma and kidumbak, with admiration, qanund, and oud, as a debilitating person — and a debilitating culture and culture.
Neema Surri, we sold violin in DCMA, has been playing violin since nine years old in the DCMA video.
"Mo knows young people who will be interested in singing but will not pay the school's bills because they have no contracts or services ".
DCMA’s students were playing a musical instrument in the Old World Cup, at the school's Stone Town, Zanzibar, in 2019, pictured by the DeMAC.
At the conclusion of DCMA’s schools, which have received documents and at the end of a year’s school, many students from DCMA have become adults and players around the world.
Mr. Zanzibar, former student of DCMA, formerly a student at the same school, Amina Omar Juma, and his country-speaking community, who is "wildering traditional lyrics" in the history of South Africa, singsmanded by the lyriculturb
He, a few members of his team and group of DCMA, were once able to produce their first songbook, "Fusing the Roots", in 2018, when he handed out a group of Iuti dong in Buzasara, the most famous hybridal lyricricultical festival in history.
The song of Siti and the “Nielewe" (4 zebra), and the songbook, which featured the scene scene of a woman with a visual experience like that of Omarma Jura:
Further: Singers of the Oriental Land sing out loudspeakers against women.
History of the use of customs and relationships
A total of 15,000 visitors have watched sports, training, and musicians at the famous school's future.
The school has compiled and closely connected with the "frastructure of the nations", which is located near the Indian Ocean and the Central Persia.
The Omani Sultanate, who is "n’t the strongholds of the world from the 17th century to the 19th century", built his chair from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From Stone Town, Omani's kings were passing through the typhoon, including rusty, gold, and clothing, as a result of strong hows — from Indian Sea to India Oman to the Far East.
Young people in Zanzibar are very impressed by the greatness of what they have for their future, using persuasive displays in modern music.
Scholars and DCMA, who recently hosted the release of "TaraJaz", the traditional music of Jazz, and the modern song of Jaz.
Ata violin, Felician Mussa, a 20-year-old, has been playing the top three and a half years of the player's instrument; TaraJaz is one of the most commonly called group on the islands, in the pictures picture pictured by Aque Colle:
The Swahili region provides an account of DCMA's cultural growth in it with its lyrics .
Each year, the school hosts for the "Lal Swahili" program, which brought a huge group of architecture colonies from Africa, the City of Abuja, Eund and North America, from the DCMA to play a few weeks.
At the end of the "frastructure", the new congressor will be replaced by the Sauti za Busara, which will become a very close partnership with an unnamed dialectration of language and culture, which is obviously the same as the whole language of the world.
DCMA sings musical instruments for playing the students and showing hospitality in Stone Town, Zanzibar, D.CMA.CMA is a
DCMA likened music to be a powerful influence on people and as a way of life without regard for culture — and it also provides opportunities for young people who are struggling with the same gift.
For 1,800 students who have been trained in DCMA, this is the only location of a musical building, where they are learning and learned about music and artistry.
A tourist from Spain, who visited DCMA, wrote to TripAdvisor: "O me, the charcoal meeting of the singers is when Iet it most given to me on this island".
While Zanzibar’s tournament is considering, DCMA believes that music has a special role in producing, preservation, and promotion of culture, heritage, and the history of Swahili.
Zanzibar is far more than the coasts and the priceless hulls of his goods — a public place for the rich people who had gifts in poolo on the basis of their peaceful relationship with the region.
Insurance of the Secretary: The author has been a loving collaborator with DCMA.
Screening still saves lives in India
Superstition and lack of aware behind witch-ting in India
Photo by Anumeha Verma Verma Verma
On April 20, four elderly people were killed without being tortured in the Gumla District of Jharkhand, India after being charged.
According to a report, the elderly killed a man, the Panchayat village council convicted them.
These four elderly ones were evacuated into their homes, and the men who had to beaten them with trees were beaten until
The police congratulation has already been operating on a large group of cocaine people.
According to the history of the Times of India, the hunting in Jharkhand has sent 123 people to denounced in the middle of February 2016 to February 2019.
Altogether, 134 became a self-gnancult sacrifice because of using " drugs” in 2016, according to the National Institute of Office.
The Diabetes of the
"We are not new in Jharkhand", Prem Chand, Olulus and Free Legal Aid Committee (FLAC) in Jharkhand, interviewed a speaker.
FLAC has been acting in accordance with the law against hunting in Jharkhand.
The company began working in this area in 1991 when neighbors accused a woman of losing a boy in death.
It is no wonder that a group of cocaine people assaulted him and killed his husband and son.
He killed himself.
When Prem Chand and his colleagues visited these officers, they faced challenges:
They were told that they stood on charges against them.
They also believe that if the bloodguilt is glutted with the ground, it will lose its power.
Prem Chand said that one aspect of the community:
In the streets, poor women are actively supporting themselves.
These vibrants are the Adivasis, Harijans, and Dalits.
The dignity of women and the excellence of rights for all citizens.
The Truth of the Community and Policies
Professionalists say that the unrestrained faith in the country is causing the fatality.
Indifferences, the medicinal and insecurity of health, the grievous environment in which these debased areas are as common.
These cases have indicated that he starts with rumors .
With the laws of Indian states that viewed corruption as a violation of law, the panel found it to be an act of security.
Also, women are criticized for sensing the property of women, using revenge or rape.
Prem Chand says:
It is only as if you have called a woman to gluttony, you can bow down to her for abuse.
However, it is important to know that this abuse of sexual immorality is a matter of concern to women and is not a valid reason for it.
However, even if it does not command punishment, the killnchayat usually goes to an election even if it does not command the punishment.
While being assigned to killnchayats, some claiming to have panchayat position without any authority in the country.
These parties punish people and there is no one to exclude them.
A case in the Ajmer region of Rajasthan in 2017 was inspired to panchayat demolish the loss of a 40-year-old woman.
According to the law, the court issued a violation of these cases whether from the panchayats that were selected and panchayat office.
However, those who were injured in the desert were able to have access to the constitutional law before the cakes of cocaine were able to cope with them.
Engagers throughout India
Jharkhand has noted the highest number of cases related to pregnancies but not just the state.
The Democracy has been found in Chattisgarh, Odisha, Gujarat, West Bengal Assam, Bihar, Maharash and Rajasthan.
During a 2014 attack, Debjani Bora, India’s grandson of India was absurd.
According to Debjani, he was charged with the lives of many people at the Cherekali village of 180 from Guwahati, the capital of India.
The mayor of the village’s prayer, named after being punished by people in the villages.
In 2017 in Rajasthan.
Among other things, a 40-year-old girl named Kanya Devi was attacked and killed after being accused of being in the Ajmer area.
Defiant and Subceptive Ones
People are accusing their victims of magnitudes: the death of man or animal, drought, lack of food, seed, and so on.
The attack against these women (including some men) caused ostracism like wild beasts.
At times, the charges and the suffering of a young family will come from their family.
Some people live and tell their stories and fight for their rights.
One of them was Chutni Mahato of Saraikela in Jharkhand.
People from the region called him "tigress".
Since 1995, it has been charged with turning back to an activist of women with the back of the House.
Chutni said that the lack of support made it difficult to fight this immorality.
Refusion comes from the government and the government for the work being done here.
However, I have suffered for this immorality.
If someone comes to me for help, I will be there for them, he said in a interview with a local speaker.
Increasing Public Voices
Professionals and activists feel that people of all sorts have not supported the hunting process.
The prosecutor’s interviews revealed that the government’s disarray and social unrestrained condition of the
The best thing is that those who oppose this evil act believe that it can change.
In Prem Chand:
Efforts to put an end to pre-gnancing can be violated by the government’s declaration of literacy programs.
Also, the advisers have to sign-language’s responses.
B. Vijay Murty, a journalist and a Jharkhand lady who interviewed the audience.
Treatment for the unscrupulous people of Myanmar
Ayeyar Maung has a dish of food. / Aung Kyaw Htet / The Irrawaddy
The article was published by Aung Kyaw Htet, who wrote for The Irrawaddy, a Global Voices in Myanmar, in accordance with the constitutional relations between them.
When the marijuana marijuana executives found him in a long way near Eomi Irrawaddy, Ayeyar Sein was three months later.
One of the margins has already struck the marginal ceremonies.
He was saved by government officials and was transferred to an elephant community in the Bago area for treatment.
The eighth elephant protected in Wingabaw, a safe refuge for the elephants of Myanmar.
Another young elephant, Ayeyar Maung.
Before the scene turned into the camp, the six months have been struck with ropes.
He memorized in the same stones that we had seen Ayeyar Sein, his remaining ones left him.
However, he was released by the oversight of the overseers and later became a tentman in the past year.
Both are the least uneducated elephants of the camp; four years are the oldest elephants in their hand.
All of them have a history of one or another that is suffering from a devout human being.
Some did not see them as their partners, but the spirits became disillusioned after those who killed animals in the massacre of their
In the camp at Wingabaw, the young elephants who did not have the parent are providing the child-speaked babes provided by oversight overseers.
They were rescued to be in the wilderness in the morning and would be washed in a small river near the camp.
Currently, Myanmar is about 1,500.
However, the sad reality is that because those who force their lives do not permit them to live on earth, they kill one elephant once a week.
Tobago's internet showed that there is no alternative way to improvements
Thelyland's reefs are on "Bleaching Alert Level One"
Iy, like the rugged coach. Photo by Matt Kieffer, CC BY-SA 2.0.
Tobago and the islands are very insurmountable.
The genocide (including fishing for the local fishermen), also protecting the dogs, which do not keep the most powerful storms in the shore.
The ossuary of the Buccoo Reef, a popular renowned colony, was not without delay.
However, after a statement to the National and Atmospheric Administration Institute (IMA) published on February 22, 2019, it was not unanswered by the National and Atmospheric Administration (NOA) of the Tobago.
It is no longer known, the transition could begin within the second stage in the week and affect the lives of these corals, other species and islanders.
What is the target?
The refrigerator and refrigerator are the herbs associated with nutrition and displacement of the body.
These drawers will provide the needed strength for growth, but the floodwaters are connecting this relationship.
If water is higher than proper water (or if it is cooler than cool) the corals will have to juices — and it will lose the low cost of food.
Eventually, the hunger will be gone; the refrigerator is a sign that will be identified as a tribute, a brush from a tree and a bone to the bone.
The Council of Iquare declares that if we do not search for anything, the corals will begin to evacuate.
IMA recommended that prosecutors and citizens will be trapped in the floodwaters between nine and 12 weeks of debris.
The second step would refer to the transition of the worldwide typhoon and the death of a typhoon.
What is the common cause?
According to the commentary of the Ganase Extreme, the crossing of Tobago is the water that has been spilled up above — which is part of the transformation.
Ganase explained that the sea causes much of the free heat and causes water — especially the gbungbuns, such as Osa, the Caribbean, — especially the strongst of water.
In fact, 12-year-old NOA Tobago tweeted the change to Lesser Antilles.
Strikes in the region, such as the Greater Antilles and Cuba, have been in the Twid of Idou Land:
What is the killing?
Dangers are dangerous.
Because of the need for fishing, it also stands as a house for the fish and for the fish that have not yet washed in the floodwaters, for this reason, if the fish will be lost, the fish will go with them.
If the dog is exhausted, then the work is with the fishermen.
Tobago congratulated the indigenous company; 40 tourists from this island are looking for the flooding.
If the protests continue, people will not see a stone, the dollar will be unsettled and the reception agencies will be able to support the reception agencies: a public building, a transitional system, and a traveling company.
If the storm increases as a result of the highway, the most important stone had to be drawn to the power of implementation and stability as a mediator between the sea and the coast — but the pandemic of the earth is suspended to work.
It has been said that the top of the top 90 shorelines of Tobago are covered with waterclos.
At the University of West Indies in 2018, Professor John Agard said that this work would be increased by storms and the increase in the quake.
What can we do to stop him?
According to Ganase, the lack of water has resulted in the loss of fish and pollution of the environment as a result of the Tobago hypertension.
If it continues, the transition to government and security is the only way to reestablish the
The noise of the coral reefs should be used to hold back to the crowds, to ensure that the tiny fish and fresh water will be restored.
He added:
The challenge is to reduce the risk of pollution, and mankind has the right to ask for advances from governments to provide practical assistance, tools, and training through training and training.
We have to rule and destroy our resources, whether it is a government or a large corporation that uses these resources.
It has been done for the government of the same island to announce the global responsibility of combating globalization.
On October 11, 2019, Governing Body Barbadia Mia Mottley highlighted the problem at the University of Geneva, encouraging the international community to take decisive action to reconstruct
He said, the Caribbean island, "in the season that is so many because [they] is working with life ".
Ganase believes that the situation is immediate.
Everything he agrees to get a hearing on a transition and a fall from the turmoil is to give him, he says, particularly "isan" to those who practice politics:
As we watch, it will not be easy, but there is another way out.
Journey: Expansive Sports
Television for passports was like a sacrifice for the people
Natasha Sinegina (CSA 4.0).
Photo by Jon Evans (CC BY 2.0).
Photo by Georgia Popplewell.
In 2019, there was no longer the spiritual enmity of the law, writer and Nigerian eldest son, moved to the Lagos State Council on Monday in Edinburgh, UK.
Britain’s Supreme Court of the United States reports that the “extremist” who concluded that the Senate would be released by the UK after the end of the country’s due.
The UK company called the lack of transportation back. A lawyer went back to Nigeria, but he wasn’t young.
Some have been unable to find this opportunity. In April 2019, authorities in UK did not allow a 25-year-old pandemic to join the London Ministry of Economics Summit.
Professionalists who have the perfection to cope with the disease of the land, have not seen a passport that will contribute to the “insecurity of the deadly plague”.
‘You will not return!’
It is not only the shame that the lack of contact with certain armed people is taking with them — so it refers to the genocide and support of the belief that it has been undefiled and unconscious for his sole purpose.
Chapter 13 of the Construction Professional Publicity’s right to leave any venue of natural disasters, including the history of African origin, and return to the country when it pleases him".
The truth, yet, if there are no passports and passports, it is not easy to use
The passport is a question in some countries, and it is not available in other countries.
In 2019 Henley Passport Index, Japan, and Singapore are the most convenient countries to be seized, during Angola, Egypt, and Haiti.
Further: ‘Love the Journeys: Tanzanian stars have never seen a passport in US singers US
Writer Kenya Ciku Kimeria defines living without "inclusion to passports".
The woman said that the passport was not the only passport but also because " you have to answer such questions as ‘What did?"
with the customs officials asking, if the answer is not satisfied, the traveler could easily find himself in the shrines.
For the Mexican immigrants who are going out to a nonreligious country, questions for passport are like offerings to the hungry one.
The Permanent Secretary of Global Voices in Yoba, the director of Global Voices in English, related his experience when he asked for a passport for Lisbon, Portugal, for the 2019 Speciality Commons Summit:
My heart was filled with joy when I received a report report that I would say the latest talk at the 2019 CCun-199 International Council in Lisbon. . . .
On April 18, 2019, just days, just before my birthday, I picked up what was asked for a passport with Lisbon to participate in the conference at the VFS Global Center in Lekki, Lagos.
The conference was 9 to 11, 2019, but it took five days to prepare for passports to be released.
On the day I had to leave for Portugal, I had not yet received my passport.
Eleven days after the railway conference in VFS, I received an invitation to receive my passport.
Storms, in turn, are very happy.
The lack of transportation is one problem, and the other is the high cost of passport in the country.
I was devastated by the fact that Nigeria’s Grandparent has not been able to escort the volcano; I couldn't afford to return the free passports for the owners.
I’m saddened to feel that they have seized my rights as an independent person to join my group.
They kicked me!
The challenge: Touched passengers in Mexico
It is difficult for a cyclist to travel out of Africa — but it is also difficult to travel in the country.
Countless Nigerians in North can travel to many countries without a passport, or with fewer passports, but many more people need transportation.
The Global Voices of Nigeria, Rosemary Abuja, described " the people who are traveling throughout the country ":
I am happy that we are considering what is common in the eyes of many people when they ask for travels to Western countries and what is related to them.
This doesn’t put me like a tyrannical typhoon that travels throughout the country.
In RightsCon, Tunis, and GlobalFact, which took place in Cape Town, I asked the passports if they needed a passport.
On our break day, I learned that a former Nigerian journalist was not here in GlobalFact because he had no passport.
It should not be said that members of the Nation should be evacuated so that they can enter Tunis.
In month after year, I held a journalist from the Far East who posed questions for passports to Nigeria. I asked him to provide the certificate of
According to Rosemary, tourism in the country takes a long way out of the country before the rainfall reaches its destination in the middle of the country.
At a seminar raided by the World Trade Center in Acrau in June, Ghana President Mahamumu Bawu Democrater Bayern Strategyon, for example of Leowtra’s “extratremity Day.”
Several extension measures have been made with a monetary bill in the U.S.
Is it really true that the Senate could not return home?
Floodwaters on Canary in 2006.
Photo by Noborder Network. (C BY 2.0)
In the 2010-2017-2017, raiders from Southern Sahara Desert are the most populated city in the world.
Many Nigerians are fleeing from starvation and tensions, seeking refuge in a state of 20 or those of the former U.S.A.
According to Pew 2018, the number of people from Southern Sahara Desert " has increased by 50 or more in the mid- 2010 and 2017, more than 17 per cent of the same season".
The international immigrants from Southern Sahara Desert are also searching for.
In 2014, a total of 170,000 undernourished documents were driving the Mediterranean ship to Italy.
Many came from Southern Sahara City.
In December 2018, Brazil's police saved 25 people from Southern Sahara City who had been "th assassinated in Atlantic for a month".
Moved by the tour of Cape Verde in June 2019, US Customstoms and the US Watch Towers in Del Rio, USA, Rio USA, arrested 500 people from the Democratic Republic of Congo, Nigeria.
Various reports have reported that the Middle East was the center of poverty and war, yet, Marie-Laurence Flahaux and Hein De Haas, a sociist from the Oxford State and the Amsithistat of Amster, had never lost his existence.
Flahaux and De Haas argued that the quest for the masses of mankind’s population was not even "tocks and militants" and the colonies.
The Federal Executive Academics indicated that irregular implementation caused by "speaking development and social change" that attracts attention to the world's communities — which are not so much different from the global spirit of the world.
These digital stories, often causing passport regulations:
Many countries believe that all travelers who are citizens will not return to his country, as long as the traveler has a passport.
It is not easy to open the eyes of non-partisan people by the bad name of the country that has been named from Ilaji.
In this way, the countries of Nigeria have the job of producing ivory tourism. The only passports for the entire country of Ilaji are a way out — but not enough.
Single African Air Transport market (SAATM), and Continental Free Trade Agree, which has been detained for the past year, is still in progress.
At this time, as the Mediator, attempted to travel abroad is to experience the experience of those who are traveling to the mountains — or who are relentlessly interneded in the solemnity of the Nation.
No matter this, the passport was demanding a sacrifice and was absent.
Social media media and social media were released during the Nigerian elections
A telescope of social media during elections
The presidential election of December 28, 2015, as he was in Abuja, Nigeria. Photo by the U.S. Photo by the U.S . Department of Deputy/Coka Onyukwu (From 2-0).
This is the first of the history history of the unrestrained account of hate, bloodshed, and online news in Nigeria during the 2019 elections.
You can find the second part of the story here.
On April 23, 2019, Nigerians seized the election of president and new congress.
Two candidates joined the presidential election, the president who was on the venue of the thousands who won him by his stronghold, Atiku Abubakar, with "solving the sword 56 to 41".
Buhari’s oath was made for the second time of 29 years, May 29, 2019.
Add: #NigeriaDecides2019: All that you need to know about this year's elections
However, the campaign was made with everything he had agreed upon, without arguing.
Depression and ethnic cleansing and news reports like the world's blankets, the killbambaur in Twitter.
Hate in Nigeria
A variety of – some 250 and 500 languages — has once been a source of dissatisfaction rather than peace.
This shows how it was during the elections of the political party to declare the campaign.
From the land, the world's internet shutdown in Nigeria is free of hate.
Top: Nigeria: Detailed by the highest level of hate — in spite of the climate and on the world
During the 2015 election, for example, the Twitters Region in Nigeria became the site of the battles and the competition between the two supporters, Goodluck Jonathan (PDPP, after Kríjaw) and MuhammaduAPC, Halea Fulanila.
Twitter became an object of abhorrend hate campaign and a utensil for political party.
Some feel that 2019 years will turn aside because Buhari has been a member of the International Administration (APC) and Abubakar from the Administrative Party (PDPwa People) and both of Hausa, Fulanile.
The defenders – Yoruba, Yoruba, and Peter Obi (PDP), Igbo, a retired-kris — but from ethnic backgrounds.
He wanted to reconstruct the reconstruction of 2015 but with another militant.
Every aspect of Nigeria’s political power was rampant in 2017, two years before the election began and the lack of political neutrality.
The Biafra Indigenous People of Biafra of Biafra (IPOB), a congratulation of Nigeria’s Nnamdi Kanu, has contributed to the ongoing conflict.
Further: With the threat of deforestation, writers in Nigeria also took action
Devastating in the north of Nigeria has resulted in the livestock culmination of cults who fight against the domestics in the southern part of the country.
A group of supporters “incensive Fulanindans who were known as the southern part of the state as a commitment to 'Somali’s conspiracy.
The Nigerian Government has investigated the attacks against the attacks and "philum of those who were offended,” which caused the death of some 4,000 people since 2015, according to Amnesty International.
Since the time of the 2019 presidential elections, there has been an increase in ethnic tensions.
Unbelievable faith makes it a point to receive online news and online during elections.
Importance and internet shutdown in Nigeria
The number of international media users in Nigeria increased from 98.3 in 2017 to 100.5 million in 2018.
Facebook is in front of a group of Nigerians with 22,000 flowers, accommodating the YouTube photo, 7, and 57,000 of them.
Many Nigerians are young people. Among the 84 thousands of votes registrated for the 2019 Conscription, half of which — 51 percent were younger than 18, 35, and 30.
These days, which include embracing digital technologies and subcontinents, are the majority of
As a result, it is not surprising that discontinue has been a challenge for putting up with 2019 elections.
As a result, it is difficult to keep in mind the online reports during the 2019 elections.
Progressives Progressives Congress (APyP), and the two most prominent political parties in Nigeria, attacked him: The All Progressives Congresss (APy’SC), and the Democratic Partynemino.
According to a certificate from June 28, 2018, and March 29, 2019, hate speech has been a powerful tool for the unwavering news of the two political parties during the 2019 presidential elections.
These observations were evacuated during this season.
Speaking of the telegram, the supporters of the APC party expressed concern over the return of Obi because he restored the Anambra, in the southeast side of Nigeria.
The Tuphone spread throughout the country where he said that the Yorubanians are signing the Igbo traders in Lagos as virtues, these reports will be examined more in the second part of the story.
Screenshot of Festus Keyamo
Photo 2: Keyamo's picture is true.
For example, a picture is used in a way that is not appropriate. On February 28, 2018, Festus Keyamo, director of the Buhari’s Declaration Project (Aworan 1) of a wooden stick that has already fallen timber:
The more a mirror likens the railway between 1999 and 2015...
Now, ‘Sou’’s accomplishments, the railways have been getting back to the earth.” The PDP is operating in 1999 to 2015.
Finally, a Twitter who is Nigerian architecture made a signature in Arabic (Inter 2) in the month.
The plaque also testifies to Lebanon’s history.
Keyamo's plan is to prove that Buhari’s administration has already put a measure of control over the railway system that has been neglected by the government.
However, the representation of another nation that used to say "from the progress".
Image 3: Defension of hate
Image 4: El-Rufai apologized to the excuse for "including possible causes of distress" while sitting in the picture 3.
Defensional hatred erupted before the end of the election, during elections and elections.
The 3-year-old Bashir El-Rufai, of Kaduna State, said that Igbo was angry with the recent fires caused by the Nigerian War.
From 1967 to 1970, Nigeria fought a bitter war with the city of Biafra, the Igbora races in the southern part of the country, which are considering to be separated from the administration of Nigeria.
However, according to Bashir El-Rufai, the result of the 2019 election by his APC, is worthy of being “vesan” in the part of Hausa, Fulani.
He then apologized, after he had been beaten, forceded that he was "th he could cause distress " as we saw in the picture.
He also opens the pronunciation (Acts 3).
Reports from social media outlets during the elections shared in two departments: unfortunate reports and media reports.
Miroslav Tudjman and Nives Mikelic, a journalist at the University of Zagreb, Croatia disclosed a message that doesn't really matter to people to be misinformed".
The importation of the media as truth, turned to the misinformable report and the media.
Tudjman and Mikelic said the media is far more interesting than reports from the media to misinterpret.
Because the history of the "mass changes one's behavior" by means of "insulting or training, or training, in the pastoral extremity of [the
As this is the case, the media plays a part or imperfection for political and mental change.
Fear of coming after the 2019 elections because of the news of the media’s hypothesis and the media’s unrestrained and unrestrained state of mind that is causing "ficiating to the end of the election. "
The second stage will highlight how this happened on a global scale, especially on Twitter's Twitter, with a few examples.
This article is a part of the latest international media media media outlets, Nigerians, Nigerians, and Nigerians, seven times as part of the history of Nigeria’s political ideology, the history of Nigeria, and the history of Nigeria.
Africa Digital Rights Fund and The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA) have been the chief of this project.
In Kenya and Ethiopia, these men were able to see ‘interpretation’ and from the bottom of the grounds.
Both men claimed to be disfellowshipped from God
The bottom line of the Dunbar region in southern Ethiopian Mohammed Yiso Banatah without using anything.
Allah l's will authorizes the marriage arrangement to be closed in the land.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein, used with permission.
On December 26, BBC Swahili published a lyrics depicting Francisco Ouma, an elderly man from Busia, Kenya, who heard God's voice at the bottom of the ground.
The vision comes through the image of the guide he sees in his dreams.
Since the second month of 1967, Ouma has been pursuing a straightforward course since her dreams.
Today, at the bottom of his ground, he has a 24-month room.
The statue of Francis Ouma, which hears God's voice to dry down the landscape of 24 pramids on BBC Swahili / Instagram.
Since ancient times, many people have had no clear evidence that these dreams are the same as the one who is mentally active in the dreams of a dream.
However, the Islamic, Jewish, and Belt of all faith have testified to a generation from God who came in dreams for thousands of years.
"This representation of me", Ouma told BBC Swahili.
At the time, while I was in the land, I was on the scene.
Not only when I was alive but it was better for me to stay alive.
He used both of the museums and both of his hands, and he was able to hold the deadly stones that did not make it easy for him.
He was inspired to see where he would bring the image of the densert of the land of God that is in his heart to the fulfillment.
In a plaque, he had a stone with which Jesus was written.
Jesus Kristi is the one who brought me this news, Ouma said and explained it to me as he did for Moses.
Ouma believes that she is bringing back to the earth a new blood supply.
The second stage is on the way.
This is the first stage.
The other is on the way.
I don’t have to say exactly what it will be like to announce it, so I can choose human life.
As a result, I will stand for the plaque during the season, Ouma said to BBC Swahili.
BBC Swahili’s story has been broadcast for the 50,000 times with a scrutiny of over 100 words.
Since some say about the psychiatric condition of those who claim to hear God's message in a dream, many of which are silent after the dreams of God’s people.
Instagram wrote:
Translation Original Quote
For me, people now, I believe them more than those who use God's word in their house of worship, for 52-year-old people — if it doesn't have any interest in them, should it be found in his community and the government?
He is not even asking for help to readtaka or to pay for his life. We should not judge him.
Mohammed Yiso Banatah, 2012, explained the ten dreams that Allah had saved from God’s house in the land.
Photo by Amanda Leigh Lichtenstein.
God's House for the Ethiopian wedding
In southern Ethiopia, a similar experience will come from an elderly person named Mohammed Yiso Banatah, who said that in 2012 he appeared to him Allah in a dream ten times.
In view of the dreams, he heard the voice of Allah to dry up the house of God for the grounds of marriage.
The dense are located at the bottom of the Dunbar, the God-language dwelling is located in the Banatah road of Hawasa and Shashamene.
Banatah said that in her three dreams, she had found a model for these God’s buildings.
You can read a detailed account of Banatah’s openings and lengths before the start of his life here:
In a dream, a 10th-year-old coach in 1979, a man appeared to take Mohammed to a small tree in his garden and referred to his wound.
The man opened the location of the start of the furnace and told him that he would be saved by the project.
He saw gold.
A neighborly neighborhood, the things that are lost are drawn to you.
We told where we would start, when it started and how it would start .
On the second day, when he was on earth, he started with his hand alone without plowing.
The bottom bottom line of the sunny ground has become a patriotic center for people to make four quakes in the landslide.
Some wedding arrangements have been made underway.
The construction of these chicks reveals the Mohammed's brain and technologram – it has shown a great deal of hours for the dry, preservation, and design for the rooms and walls, with the cushrooms, and other dams that wetched from the sun.
Since ancient times, the landscape has been a symbol of what we consider to be a spirit realm.
The whole book called "Al Kahf" or "in the dens below the ground " appears in the Kuran-based textbook.
In it we have found a history of a faith known as "Robics", which in which young people suffered from a lack of faith, and they found a place to sleep in
When they regained consciousness, they returned home and noticed that all citizens have become believers.
Why was Donald Trump known in Nigeria?
Trump in the southeastern Nigerians
President Donald Trump returns to the Final Ministry in Washington on August 19, 2018.
Photo by Samira Bouaou/The Epoch Times, CC BY 2.0
The President of the United States, Donald Trump, has won a global downtown in the view of his laws and the way he is governing a foreign country — but not in Nigeria.
The recent investigation by Pew Research Centre found that hundreds of Nigerians were "wildered to Democracy" that Trump was " a synonymity of international relations".
Gallup – a deputy inspector and a residential adviser in Washington, DC received a comment in a public interview for Pew.
A Tweepsmap International Tweepsmap venue on Twitter's social media found that Nigeria’s fifth position was located in five countries in the world:
Nigerian author Adaobi Triwaubani lamented a worldwide radio program with BBCC, that according to the " witchcraft" causes citizens of the country’s most populous country:
People like her aggressive behavior and her perplexing attitude.
The United States saw him as a human being.
His attitude is unsurpassed.
It is not someone who is said to be.
However, the leader who doesn’t speak as he does not like it is a new one.
As a result, his attitude toward the United States has not affected the deeply.
Another reason is religion.
Followers of Kristis showed love for Trump
Cheta Nwanze, SBM Intelligence International Voices, told Global Voices:
It took me to investigate the venues of the Nigerian venue
I am sure that not across the southern part of Nigeria, it describes the love that Nigeria has for Trump.
Many of his fans are believers, who are looking for him as a good role model.
Nigeria, with the population of about 200 people, has two major religions: the faith and Islamle.
Immeration and faith have 30 percent and 48 percent of all Nigerians.
The survey revealed that this venue has been investigated by "il of State government and distributing people to the region".
However, there is no voice with Adamawa, Borno, and Yobe State in northeastern Nigeria in the search of security.
Nigeria has 774 Local Governments and is the same as the six branch offices.
Central North, Northern North, Northern Heather, Northern Heather, Angola, south, and southeastern.
Nwanze said the majority of the people in southern Nigerians in the Pew Research Feder Federal Executive
The certificate also revealed that many followers of Krís in Nigerian " were better citizens of the country (39) than at least 54).
After the United States kills General Iran Qasem Soleimani, the chief of police disclosed individual rights throughout the country of Nigeria to detain the vicinity of "ogun".
The Nigerian Forces described the magnitude of the US to put Soleimani as "friend War to Iran".
Trump has been described as " one of the world's chiefs of this season that has a strong heart.”
However, many Nigerians love Trump.
Twitter became a dense world news during 2019 Destruction
The Twitter Hatred Culture and Cultural News
Photo by Nwachukwu Egbunike
This is the second aspect of the two sections of the history of racism on the world, fraudulent reports, and propagation during the 2019 election in Nigeria
You can read the first section here.
In Nigeria, the internet shutdown of social media is an environment where demolition and corruption are common during the election.
During the 2015 election of Twitter Nigeria, the two largest supporters, Goodluck Jonathan (PPP) and the APC and Muhammadu Buhari (CC
He has become an instrument for disclosing ethnic and political hatred.
The 2019 election was a milestone.
On April 15, the New Year's Regional Regional Community Activity (RSF) highlighted the campaign of the election that "frastructure has caused corruption ".
Nigerians also expressed their views.
Journalist Abdulbaqi Jari tweeted:
Political and political reports in African countries
A 2019 study by Dani Madrid-Morales at Huston and Herman Isserman University School of Cape Town said that "effect has been used to achieve political interests in Kenya, South Africa, and South Africa.
Many online news reports on social media, especially during campaigns, are causing "frastructure" among those who are using social media "s because they have been exposed to prosecution", Madrid-Morales.
My investigation on Monday, October 29, 2018, and May 29, 2019, at the 2019 election of Nigeria’s president and legislative parliament elected the president and legislation of the parliament of the parliament to the country of Nigeria
Political News that contradicts ethnic groups
Peter Obi, Chief Atiku Abubakar, a member of the political party (PDP) is the victim of the perpetrator of the unrest.
Obi was former governor in Anambra State in southwest Nigeria.
President Muhammadu Buhari-Osinbajo, Coalition of Buhari-Osinbajo Movejo Movement (Aka 1) in charge of the case of Obi, who accused Obi of “the northeast Nigerians of the state of Anambra when he was governor.
Image 1: Photo by Coalition of Buhari-Osiban Movement, accustomed to ‘inhabiting northeast to their hometown.
Chapter 2: Image by Nasir El-Rufia
Governor Kaduna State and member of the ruling party, Nasir El-Rufai, denounced this charge, denouncing 2 that Obi is " the one who is acting differently".
El-Rufai's comments did not give Obi the presidential candidate.
Add: A Nigerian Governor, who refused to grant a foreign government: Renounce our election and return to your home city
What has happened?
The Vanguard newspaper reported that in November 2013, Nigerians 67 who were brought back from Igbo to Lagos and abandoned to the same location in Upper Iweka" in the famous Upper Onitshara, Ambra.
Obi, who was then governor of Anambra State, described this act, which was described by the ‘bassador in Lagos as a "efficiency and violation of human rights violations of those who became public opinion".
After the outburst, Premium Times said that Obi was guilty of the tragedy:
In 2011, he threw children back to the state of Ebonyi and Akwa Ibom, in the southern part of Nigeria.
Chapter 3: Photo by Jubril A. Gawat
When Obi repatriated to South Nigerian states, the Twitter defender Talition of Buhari-Osinba Movejoment disclosed.
On the other hand, the APC Chairman said that the return of the Northern people to Kano State was to be "speaked as a newspaper on the Sahara Reporters.
The prosecutor of the APC is then used in an effort to defraud the genocide of the genocide against its candidate.
For example, Jubril Gawat, who was appointed to the Chief Governor of the New World Translation, was disclosed for the candidate of the Atiku Abubakar’s candidate.”
Nigeria is a country with extensive social media.
The political parties likened this tribe to medicine during the election because they needed to distribute people to the “form” with "in them".
Therefore, they asserted that the charges against the Northern community relocated the persecution that had existed among the people of Igbo and Hausa during the Nigerian War.
Their view with the campaign of counterfeit stories is to reenact Obi as an activist of Biafra.
The tribes of South Nigeria, many of whom Igbo have attempted to evacuate from the country through a three-year war that took place between 1967 and 1970.
As a result, they are optimistic to use the aforementioned 3 reference work, which says that "Sever is a place for the tribe of Igbo.."
During the 2019 election, Atiku was a formerly unsuccessful defender of the Igbo people who had once tried to separate the country from Nigeria.
The record of 1’s 3 3 refers to strong opinions that have the potential to awaken the events and events that have not been completed in the two groups.
The UNESCO states that this scandal news kills some “including how harmful it can be” and has caused them to become "friend and media".
The campaign against a certain ethnic group puts deep prejudice into the hearts of those who hear it, and it makes the audience participants accustomed to reports of fraud.
The Igbo people in Lagos have been murdered by the Yorubas in Lagos.
Chapter 4: Image [ti Twitter's Twitter's Screencing and removing from Chioma, a historical journal, said the Yorubas was burning the Igbo public public in Lagos.
Also, the PDP members used the genocide to win more elections than the APC party in Lagos.
Chapter 4 and 5 are depicting the TDP by a PDP who claims to have been playing a fire against the Igbo people in Lagos.
The reports were made by the Police of Lagos State and immediately showed the right to kill him.
The Facebook Record, which is almost complete, uses every word picture 4, with the picture picture picture of the mortar’s syndrome.
African Check insisted that this representation was a picture of a vibrant protest that took place on February 24 in a region near Pretoria in South Africa.
Chapter 5: Screenshot of a multinational history that the Igbo People in Igbo II have been accustom
Appointment to keep the minds of politicians
On February 13, Dr. Souljah tweeted a 6-mannment that the Ballard Partners, an Alukoro who was officially demolished in Washington DC, to make a declaration for Abubakar as president of the president's candidate, venue.
On February 5, the report published by Brian Ballard, a Director of the Ballard Partners, signed Olusola Saraki, the candidate of the Abubakar election.
Souljah’s Souljah spread across thousands of people who loved him and then thousands of people were reunited for the purpose of serving.
The president’s election dated to February 16 was reiterated to him on February 23, and the PDP was not punished with the results of his three days before the election.
In addition: Nigeria postponed a 2019 election when an hour-long pandemic was killed by arbitrariots and regulations.
Chapter 6: Photo by Souljah
However, on February 13, Ballard Partners concluded with the results of the findings (Acts 7) described as "bassadors" and the reason for their “extremity of PDP".
Ose Anenih, a follower of the PDP, initiated a complaint against the APC on Tú CL, the investigation to the instigation of the Nigerian police and the ultimatist's election, INEC for criminal action and a violation of the law.
However, this is not the first time they will be able to refute the political views during the elections.
Chapter 7: Hinting a Photo by the Ballard and Partners, a fraudulent investigation that they have been investigated.
Many of the helpers of the presidential candidates
Photo by Lauretta Onochie, from Lauretta Onochie, a helper to the president
On December 4, 2018, Lauretta Onochie, a helper of President Buhari [to the president’s president’s candidate] betrays 8 a picture with food and a 500 dollars shared to the northeast side of the Abubaka.
The lyrics of Onochie’s accusations were completely compounded, even in a non-Weternal part of the “extremity of Construction,” which has been described in the case of Chuba Ugwuba Ugwu.
Onochie is a specialist at the symposium. The internet media media media user OnICIR), has hosted more than 1,000 audio Onwicherochie between the ages of 12", 2018, and Ave-yearternation of December 31, 2019.
International Detail: case in Nigeria
For 26 Nigeria’s law on social media media abuses people because of their race, religious, nationality, or nationality".
The candidates of the behavior’s candidates have been in prison for a year or for a fine of tens of thousands of dollars [$28,000] or both of them.
In March, Enough Enough Nigeria (EIE), a parliament of several young people and Paradigm Initiative (PI), a member of the legislative and social activist, made the appeal at the Onchie, assault of God’s “extremist.
These two organizations " summarized on Onochie and Godpomi on a global scale" and found that it violated the law of Nigeria concerning 2015 international affairs.
Add: How will the election of the president of Nigeria’s 2019 presidential elections
Many of Twitter's Twitter soldiers wearing colporteurs
Many of the above examples are not merely self-religious. They are actually trying to colporteur, as if it were true.
This is not surprising because APC and PDP have become so prefected warriors in order to carry out "vious extremity" on the world" on the streets or to “extremist” during the campaign.
Both sides make use of "solute victorious world" — "from government or political parties that are given to the public to change their views on the world".
This year’s reconstruction is 2015’s reconstruction, where APC and PDP have played a part in the history of counterfeit stories and diplomatics in the history of the political campaigns “wittting the unshealthying community, Eshek Amok Mahonho.
They see this by “insulting Web sites on a global scale "ning the digital digital digital propagation " and "nouncing the media to achieve political views".
The result was that Twitter became a multi-religious and dictatorial field of political history before the election, during the 2019 election, and after the 2019 elections.
This is part of the Federal Executive Contrastructment of international rights through the violations of policies and controversial reports during the most important political event in the country of Zimbani, Ethiopia: 7, Mozambique
The Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
The Nigerians received thousands of dollar from the Federal Executive Office for administrative and multicultural trust in the
Tourists and Nigerians must stick to the abundant fruitage that it represents
The Nigerian statue D'banj was speaking at the CAX Regional Act in Cairo, Egypt, 2018. Dbanj told the public that “inciting and spilling oil was the next to be praised.
It has been a long history of cultural and social development in the economic development of the societies, as to the role of the players and the power in their power to bring about changes to society and culture.
In 2013, the 2013 Federal Executive Federation (CI) found a total of 2,250 dollar of the United States and the projects of 29.5 million people around the world “extremist
As a result of this, the Nigerian Regional Cooperation (Afreximbank) and the UNESCO and the Construction of Africa’s Regional Construction will be the basis of the registration of the nation’s natural resources.
In 2018, CAX was launched at the Cairo International Forum in Cairo, Egypt, in
Police and all-speaking from music, art, color, poetry, textbooks, interviews, and interviewers were online on Thursday, in Kigali, 1678, in the first world.
He advised himself as " the first celebrities to gather digitalized citizens in the middle of the vibrants and aspirations of the Irangela", which includes about 2,000 people from 68.
On the second day of the ceremony in Kigali, Professor Benedict Oramah, president of the National Bank of Accounts (Afreximbank) announced the 2nds of thousands of dollars in the United States " will be released for a year’s retribution and revenue of human rights.
Omarah placed it with visitors at the ceremony that the relief work will be blessed with the work of the Federal Executives, which will be available at the renovations that will be used for those interested in you.
He said that despite the fact that Olululululusion has made many goods and mats, there is no utensils that could be used in the form of a greater beam, as Afrexbank explains.
He added:
Because of poor businesses and cultures, traditional African Africans are not in the psychological markets, and much controversies as shown in song, performance, dramas, poetry, and videoconference.
The landscape is more accessible than in the oceans or in the morning.
He said the nation of Egypt would be under the leadership of “beturning the galleys of the sea and gender during the past ten years".
In December 2019, Afreximbank was announced at the International Fashion Awards (IFA) International Fairo’s election in Cairo for the contribution to the support of the Nigerian and Iladela.
Omarah likewise commended the Nollywood Stadium in Nigeria.
On the street of Twitter, the players thanked the convention held in Intare in Kigali:
In a remark at the CAXmi Regional Extreme in Cario, Nigeria D'Banj said to the workers and businessmen:
What you need from your young person is needed to understand that the oil is just a spill that should be commended.
CAX, which will be the first Nigerian Football Federation Force (IATF20) from April 1-7, December 1-7, in Kigali, will be released on CAXsination Day.
Speaking in Nigeria, they joined their team to celebrate the 2020 International Testimonies.
Radio — a device for unforeseen developments, which he carried.
One man picked up a passenger passengers with a motor vehicle. Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma'aji, the CC BY 2.0.
There is no statement that the interview is a media instrument that has worked hard for the development of the world.
Written by the Federal Executive Secretary, Educated by the World Health Organization (UNESCO, Scientific and Cultural Organization) on February 13 as a conspiratorian.
UNESCO set the day straight ahead to open the door to the impact of free speech — an unrestrained and disclosed story.
Nigeria’s international speakers joined interviews with interviews on international media to mark the day and to reaffirm the development of the world's media.
The news media is changing the way we do things, but the majority of the world's media is still in the country’s
The clergyman George Bako spoke at the World Cup in Lagos, Nigeria.
Photo by Yoba, used with permission.
FRCN — also known as Radio Nigeria — is the leading of humanitarian activism in the country of Nigeria, along with a group of patriots throughout the country of Lagos State, the three websites that have been named in the name of Radioa Fra, and OneMra.
Each website — has its own categories and those hearing it — speaking in English, English, Hausa, Igbo, and Yoruba.
The essence of free speech is still the best way for the press in Nigeria. FM (Assany of the Reformation) in most cases, AM (AM (Issalounce on Mepe's Mepe Land).
In 2019, Nigeria Diary Radio Stations Rating Ratings of Augustus indicated that Bond F
As a result of the ceremony, public speakers throughout Nigeria seized the Twitter people’s love for the radio:
Dan Manjang, the ruler of the Plateau publicity and Publicity, to speak in public for "frastructure of effort, effort, and season" in which they preach the news and various programs:
Nigeria’s broadcasts began in 1933 with stories throughout the National National Council of Religious Virginism (RDS), which calls public media out loudspeakers to the foreign news of the Legal
In 1950, RDS worn a new suit of clothing — the Nigeria Voices’s Ministry (NBS) — when it became the Nigeria Football Federation of Volunteers (NBC), with a
"In Nigeria’s first radio station released in Ibadan in 1939.
Kano was in prison in 1944," according to the newspaper of Legit.
Legit explained that RayPower FM was the first radio in Nigeria, the first one in 1994, when he was released in 2007, the media was spread worldwide.
Radio has worked as an ambassador for those who are in positions of authority, the breakdown of law and the supply of safer publicity.
In 2019, the Nigeria Football Federation Council (NBC) renounced African Independent Television and RayPower FM as an anti-Weternal programme.
And in 2019, Jay FM from Port Harcourt was demolished after being accused of the public's barracks.
Radio Nigeria has promoted its advertising as "il of thousands of years," joining international radio stations for the observance of the International Assembly Hall of the year 2020.
Photo by Muhammadtaha Ibrahim Ma'aji, used according to CC BY 2.0.
Radio recordings of youth and promotion
UNESCO urged the city to celebrate the International Television Day by establishing peaceful relations with government agencies, private and non-Witness agencies.
The Day of International Volunteers Day, a 14-year-old 14-year-old, was "Souncing and People of All Sorts."
Nigeria’s magnitude Radio has been accustomed to promoting social and social developments as a result of education, education and monuments that sustain Nigeria's citizens to achieve a citizens’ love of citizens.
This is useful during a period of disunity and divisive disunity, political upheaval in Nigeria.
Nigeria’s administrative state of the 2019 state is now the 14th of the world, ninth in Africa.
Since 2011, Boko Haram, an activist in Eastern Nigeria, has been accustomed to the fear of people and the deplorable cause of death by violent attacks, and many have been displaced.
Further: Nigeria: a city that failed — truth or understanding?
In the Federal Executive Administration of Nigeria, the FRCN Branch Committee reaffirmed the 2020 International Administration Act.
He started with a 1,200-month-speaking adviser on "to the basis of my love for radio" for college students.
The students of the media made a 5-year-speaking program of psychologists for the fulfillment of the latest development projects.
He won the Mater Christi Catholic Girls' High School of Restoration, Hemiss, the first time he attended a meeting on the radio when he was young 5:
It seems that I was 5 when I first had a sound system with me.
I took his tactics and spread.
I was surprised to hear this "friend" voice coming out and I thought there were people in it.
The slave joined me and asked my father what he was and explained what the radio was for me.
On February 12, high schoolteachers, students of the media, interviews, and interviewers in newspapers and video broadcasts for their special discussions.
On February 12, high schoolteachers, students of the media, interviews, and interviewers in newspapers and video broadcasts for their special discussions.
Photo by Yoba, used with permission.
On the last days, prominent speakers, Mrs. Obani Ga Adams, President of Kakanland, and other guests gathered in Lekki Coliseum for the evening charismatic Day's Day.
Cordelia Okpei and others were present at the event.
A very valiant sign of work and service is given to those who have been laid behind.
Each of the program concluded with a scrutiny of a pole to receive the call of public-speaking audiences, where people were asked to say “extremist Day of Global Voices” in various languages and disintegration:
No one participated in the ceremony. The Global Voices on Metro 97.7FM.
The first ‘We are the Day of the International Radio Radio in Nigeria, the 2020 year’s day of civilian workers and radio stations that the event will be held each year.
He hoped that the Yorubans would accept the proposal of his knowledge.
Will the New Federal Tax system be used for the future?
Mr. Tolululude Oluludededea Oludea, Mr. Olulude House, seated in a chair.
Image was chosen by a candidate.
Following the worldwide campaign against the World Cup in 2019 and the 202-203-2 years of the 20-203 Brethren, many members of the Native Lands have initiated a special campaign that has contributed to the development of the nation of Nations.
Using Screencing Sign Language regulations will be untold after the blatant blanket would be used without a demolished Carnival, Tolulute Person, who lives in the Democratic Republic of Mobilecture.
The new English alphabet has already been hoping that it will turn back from Arabia that has been used for the past 100 years.
According to the Lagos State Commissioner, the Global Voices in the TsApp interview, the dreams of these huge alphabet has been shown to him.
He now travels throughout the country — from Ben to Nigeria — to declare his "sspeaker" as his collaborators have sent him.
Religious candidate believes that Odduce, the ancestral father of the Yoruba, used the jail during the day and day — but has become ostracism.
25 are all the symptoms in general.
Professional Statutes said that before the progress of Adlula should be taken into consideration, it is necessary to learn the basic principles of the language or the rules that belong to them.
The verdict of Niger-Congo, a language spoken in a language that has already existed and is very different from the standard of writing for his life and experience.
Top: Statutes in English: A change of language
In 1843, High Priest Samuel Crowther of the Ministry of Faith (CMS) statutes Yoruba's translation techniques with additional lyrics — or signals.
Since then, thousands of books have been published in Arabic since then, using the code of Arabic techniques rather than Ajami, already used for the transmission of Arabic language as well as the transition of Hata, 1843.
Speakers say that the use of the Taxes, which is a foreign policy, for the preservation of African languages, established the land as a slave.
The campaign of this new constitution took place in harmony with ancient inscriptions, like hi hilleroglyphics of Ileka, Akankan generation in Ghana, Ge'ez of Ethiopia, as the drawer of Nbi of Central Heo, who is the cult of the 50th year of Jesus.
Academic certificate
Global Voices, Yoba's president, interviewed Mrs. Oyoye of Lagos State House Affairs by means of an ambassador on WhatsApp, to learn more about the appearance of this new hypocrites.
Omoyeli, a 43-year-old, explains that he could not count his father's highest house after his father's murder in 1997 and that he had to fulfill the role of a father as a child to care for his siblings.
However, while the Yoruba Od is the essence of its colony, his self-gratulation is a very real concern for the welfare of Oddd’s nephew.
As the increase in this culture is expanding, it is not enough to satisfy it.
In 2011, he filled the refrigerator, a three-year-old colony, and a heavy farm.
The Oriental Deputy Secretary, Mr. Aloloyer, told him to go to the family shrine in the state of Faramig (Badagry), Lagos State, Nigeria, to ensure that it would be the right direction for the purpose of Elemama’s purpose in the shrine.
On the shrine, he found a “nou stranger" who brought back to his home in Porto-Novo, Ben.
Upon returning home, darkness covers a large thunder.
There is no electricity in the reception room, but it is a telegraphic.
He took something strange to the democracy and turned the interview, but he was surprised by what he put on the chairs.
He searched every house before he found him in the house.
On that night, he put the stranger in a circumstance to sleep. He told Global Voices:
I dreamed I went to the sun.
When I arrived, it was dark and I was shown the balls as an example of reason.
While I slept, this dream is the same in a special way, I am moving from one region to another, teaching people how to use the new squad.
For three years, it has been unable to dream about the tiny shrine, but nothing more.
During this time, in 2016, I went to the sun, meeting with a man, Lamudu, who taught me the blatant sound and commanded me to spread the scholarship and reading the sign around the world.
I look like an elderly person in a dream — and I will be tired — if I wake up in sleep.
He then began to be feared for Political Party — he was defrauding from his head, saying to the Global Voices.
He was determined to appeal the dreams of the Worker, the Worker at Port-Novo, who was able to understand him to act in a dream.
As a result, he travels from one area to another in Yoruba to misinterpret Olio.
Photo by interviews of students who were learning how to scrub Odinadu in a classroom at the same time, said:
The Yoruba shade of the Yoruba
In 2017, the Oriental Party, with the deity of the Oriental Governments at home and after the outburst, Mr. Rauf Alalalala, who once served as the Chairman of the State, in the capital of the state of Othogbo, Nigeria,
The Minister of State Service for Nigeria has now been in the state.
The document sent to the governor of Ota, Oshun, has already remembered the resolutions of the new deficit that have not yet been fulfilled.
Three years ago, the promise made by the Governor of the Oriental Appeal to ensure that the new colonies are the schools that are in southern Nigeria have not been fulfilled.
On the helmet of the architecture, the Rightsman wrote a book and a photograph of a scrutiny of the new alphabet of the architecture — for the transitory of the piece of the cuneiform — for the having a few clandestimategation of the originally piece of the earth.—
Oriental candidates forget YouTube, WhatsApp and Facebook Chairman: "The Appointed Oludjacent" and “Alinder Oyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyeyes" and students who are interested in the programming.
He appealed to everyone involved in an effort to ensure that he has collaborates with the right identity of the development of language.
A kind man, Sunday Ademic, published 1,000 pupils from the "Brother Olulujah" to students in elementary schools.
Additionally: emptying into the mosquito: Why Atú Google fails — in English translation — and other languages
The original textbook is available in Igbo, Hausa, English, and France. Yet, it is not too late for the ordinary people.
The benevolent football team is the culprit Olidu.
However, by applying the principles of new wine to new regulations, it will be a challenge.
It’s not, however, that the goal of making advancements and developments in the Yoruba language is the Olivée — what the Yoruba vision will call democracy.
Inscription: change in language
Do you call bread or cake?
The bread or beans cake in Nigeria is the latest dish of the Nigeria, on 11, 2013. Photo by Atimukoh from Wikimedia Commons, CC BY 2.0
Relationships between various languages have existed since ancient times.
For an illustration, consider the expression "restaurant," a transition from French into English.
Today, this word is used in a language that is used in another language without disintegrating — it is not in English as if it were not used in a word.
These figures are held by international meetings, as they continue to be open, ask for Witchcraft, and purchase.
As a result of the vocabulary of these peoples, language has become commonplace, words and words have become commonplace.
The genealogical records have been unearthed.
Nearly 40 million people in the United States have been able to use the English language, a form of religious dialects from 1914 to 1960.
The English-language sentence, which is used in English, is considered "cup" as a "cup".
"phone" has been called "ball", " meaning "television", which is the loss of a player, and so on.
The terms "alogy" have appealed to the English language.
The same is true of the Hausa language spoken by thousands of people in Northern Nigeria.
This language appeals to hundreds of millions of people from Arabic, such terms as the U.S.A. (" blessed"), discomfort ("including") and the crisis (").
What impresses the English-speaking expressions is the way people use them in public speeches as they transliterate into the language.
You will hear such statements as it, if you are a player or a "Help of the child take the ball" in English.
Adi, a retired player, was democracy in English, and mosquitoes are using it.
The lyrics of the English-language field are just a matter of the desire to translate the English text, which is used in a vocabulary rather than a pure language.
For example, the leaven — which has been translated by the Yoke people — especially in a friendly conversation with a guest.
The transition of language makes culture wide — it will help to improve the language.
In view of this, sushi is no longer known as sushi in another name — sushi.
If this is true of the English-speaking words, language, and culture, it will spread throughout Nigeria and the English-language field.
For example, the landscape is a popular food, especially in the mountains of the sea.
This statement has already scrutinized the use of another language if the Yoruba mosquitoes emphasized it.
The transition to "yam flour" will reduce the power of the drainage — will displace " the Yoruba."
Looking back on the English-speaking phrase in the "fanimorous language", which has been famous and in the Old Testament.
He disclosed “inclusion,” or “whole,” which is a delight to draw close to the Yoruba expression.
The ultimatum with the lyrics: the Yoruba language does not condone scrutiny and scrutiny.
As a result, the closing of the English language was added to the foundation of Yoruba.
However, the fact that he has grown up in the Yoruba language is quite different. This is
Recently, hundreds of English languages as used in Nigeria are added to the Oxford translation work.
The Yoruba language will move on if those who translate the language into its development; its use in the media is necessary according to how the world is hitting each other today.
In the end, this will continue to implement the Niger-Congo research project.
Insurance: Why Atogle's Google fails — in English translation — and other languages
Many technical devices have been lost.
Nigeria’s Wikimedia Football Federation, October 2018, from Wikimedia Commons CC.BY.2.0
Speaking in English has dominated the internet shutdown on social media as a "frastrain of the world" for the early internet shutdown of
In February 2020, according to WebTech3, half of the world's internet shutdown is written in English.
However, as many people of the world's societies continue to proliferate and fight for language — there is a struggle for the transition to different languages that will be
Many industrial societies have played a major role in the transition of non-religious and multilingual communications throughout the world, Yoogleg, Masbashan, and ALKe.
In February 2020, Google said that he would add five new languages to the Google language, Kinyarwandaur, Uighur, Tatar, Turkmen, and Odia after four years of retribution.
One man looks down as having trouble reading a statement on the world. Image Oladio Oladeni, Pexels.
But why don’t you have to be quick to pick up a translation that notices it’s better?
Also, it's not perfect?
This type of translation and use of it is commonly associated with controversy and controversies
The Twitter translates English into English through the use of the Google as he permits them, and the results are significantly minor — and each text has a regular basis.
The reason for these medicinal products is that the media collaborators are using their collaborators to collaborate speech.
These vocabularys may be effective in some languages, such as the Yoruba and Olu, are two languages in Nigeria, when this is a challenge due to the lack of free expression and concrete expression that will refer to the sound of the voice.
To answer why it was so common that he received Google in four years before he added five new languages, the spokesman revealed:
Atú Google’s text has been collected by international media outlets, but if language does not have a larger expression on the world, it is difficult for our message to provide support for such languages
However, because of the transition of genetic engineering, along with the Google translation team, ecent advances in our ecent architecture have been a source of support to these languages.
Also, many people do not know how to sing certain words — or digital communication — in these languages.
Therefore, a well-tood mosquito is not a summary because there is no way to identify these errors.
Much of the mosquitoes has no meaning, especially the statements that apply to more than one translation.
For example, the words of the queen and the queen have a significant meaning.
Many communications will continue to translate the two words to "queen".
However, when viewed in a way of democracy, it is vital to say that the translation of a queen and queen is separated from "queen" in English when the queen is "wi of the rings".
Despite these unrestrained disclosures, technology has helped the development of traditional African languages in the world around us, which has brought about a new issue.
The NEW language has grown up as a result of using new technology, electronic devices, and new surveillance, as well as new slogans used in the transition.
This has wanted to be used in these languages.
As a result of these new technology, the popularity of the African-language field
For example, the Yoruba language has a number of words similar to psychologists ("airdier"), a spokesman ("phone") and an interview ("grinder").
The Igbo-language language includes ekwèti ("telephone") and her husband ("vehicle") and
These names were created in harmony with their work.
In a vocabulary and advertisements in Yoruba, students have learned that many people call TV.
The campaign brought various questions and thoughts — some students argued that the visual system could be referred to as a media outlet because of their work.
These obstacles of technologies will help to improve the language — it causes discomfort for promotion of language and language.
In 2019, as CNNN reported, Google opened the first Accra, Ghana, a goal to make "Jehovah’s Google linguist in good use".
Researcher Moustapha Cisse, the head of the Google AI, Ilade AI, said he was going to be "thirst that has more than 2,000 branches to serve as an opportunity" — CN stopped.
Mozilla and BMZ announced their campaign against a special project on the Mexican pronunciation of Nigerian Sign Language. Prime Minister Among other things, this is the future of modern research.
Courts in Greece and North Macedonia refused to change their religious standards so as to prevent the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic.
"Brother the Lord’s Evening Meal", the picture picture from Fra Angelico was painted from the book Wikipedia.
As the number of COVID-19 victims increased in Balkans, some religious buildings did not change the way that could cause Coronavirus disease to recover from the quake.
The religious values that are known as purchasing and drinking of the Lord’s blood or the Last Supper have the same effect that the followers of the Krístimus who adhere to religious and religious traditions will share with the same divination of the Catholic Church, the celebrants are free leavens.
The World Health Organization (WHO) urges us to reconstruct the affected areas and to ensure that our health will reduce the risk of blood infections that can be contracted by nerves, syndrome, syndrome, and infrastructure.
According to the Greek Court of Appeal, he said that he would not change religious standards to fit security measures.
He also said that " it is not possible for the coronavirus to recover from the pandemic of the Lord and that the children of God should pray in behalf of the murderer".
According to GOC Klimis, in the Central Peristeri region near Athens, said that the matter of the Lord is the persuasion of religious principles:
Election and blood transfusions are the life expectancies.
It was a miracle.
The Lord’s statement is to believe that man can be ensnared in the Lord’s bloodstream.
The COVID-19 has been battered in Greece, without the rest.
Greek authorities, who have killed schools, and has banned conventional conventions on the road and prevented the plague, urged the Court to be implemented.
However, the government’s embassies are violating this constitution. On a religious occasion last week, the president and collaborators are going to one religion.
In the city of Greece, it seems that North Macedonia, the Administratory of Macedonia, – Ohrid Archbishopopric followed a similar course.
Although the sanctuary had not yet announced the plague and provided food for members of the congregation in Arabic and blood.
Reports on the Prespa-Pelagonia Diocese Regional Regional Regional Regional of the Russian Pravoslavie (the "Doud of Faith”) said that "including it can be done so that the church can be acquitted from the congregation.
The article was handed down by Sergey Adonin of Russia, who said that he was interested in the creation of an independent person with the experience of working in a hospital.
He further stated that taking the same place as having been during the seventh century Bizantium in Bizantium was not harmful, for "the belief in God protects both the clergy and the laity of the congregation".
In North Macedonia, those applying to the religious principle have no harm in the constitution.
For example, a social media user — a former activist who made a campaign of outdoors — for instance, on Twitter that he had participated in dangerous religious acts:
Tiudio: I am the Lord's blood on Sunday last day in the Holy Annunciation Court in Skopje’s Skopje Hospital!
What is her problem?
Insurance: Despite all health care agencies: Believers are the Lord’s blood without fear of the transgender coronavirus.
Sladjana Velkov, a prominent critic of the labors of Serbia and North Macedonia, said this is " no such thing" and that it is "n't unknown, that is not so much the pitfalls we have ever known, who perform the sick, or who are not the elderly.
In Italy, where 631 people were killed, 10,000 victims have been maltreated, a
It is estimated that seven people have contracted COVID-19 in North Macedonia; 25 in Slovenia; 13 in Croatia; 13 in Albania; 6 in Serbia; 5 in Bosnia; 5 in Montenegro.
Your 28 people have been in Romania, 6 in Bulgaria.
Heavy
The earth has seen how the first coronavirus can help at a religious gathering.
Last year, many 7,400 people have been reported to have COVID-19 in South Korea — a country that seems to play the disease — as part of the Shincheon Regional Court of Jesus.
A criminal case was brought against the party — the prosecutor — the chief of 8-year-old party came out to apologize.
Former Korean Praetorian Principle, however, launched a series of religious changes in harmony with the Ministry of Health:
1. All believers will be deeply involved in religious activities.
2. In order to enter the House of Worship, they will use the antiretroviral collaboration at the entrance of the House
3. They will not accept anyone.
4. They will not denounce the congregation’s priesthood.
5. They will not disagree with the Operations, but will be in subjection to them.
6. They will not use prayers during religious services.
7. They would not accept the celebrities of the church’s priesthood, but themselves if they were going out of the house of worship.
8. The free meal will not be divided on Sunday.
9. Administrative and spiritual programs will not be held.
Some religious buildings in Britain are changing their religious values, as the Roman Catholic Church of Italy.
The Croatian religious organization has adopted the biological legislation of the disease in France, a voyage in the city of Lourdes.
The Economic Printery of Romania issue issued a decree " to ensure that people will be infected with property":
Believers who were stricken with the killer's disease have collaborated to the image of religious icons.
In any case, they could ask the priest that they have used the Lord’s blood for their kins.
After ordered that all four major cities be killed, the Czech Republic adopted a number of statutes on Friday 10, the month of March.
North Macedonian Government declares the state of unrest and has sustained them, schools, and schools, as well as high schools for two weeks.
Check To Tooud International Voices’ COVID-19.
Nigerians detained passport laws in the control of those who had been infected with COVID 19
The 13 landscape of COVID-19 are banned over 1,000
Photo by Pete Linforth in Pixabay. Photo by Pixabay's permission of Pixabay, for public use.
Global Voices’ special chart on the COVID-19.
According to a tour of Nigeria’s history, five more people have been confirmed that the COVID-19 pandemic has been transmitted to eight people in Nigeria.
E. Osagie Ehanire recruited eight people eight days after Esagie Ehanire found him arrested on June 16, the third person in the COVID-19 pandemic has been identified by "in the country of Nigeria who has already won't yet arrived in the United States.
The patient expressed concern for 14 days in Lagos, during which he began to have a sign of dengue and culmination.
The patient was in the Yaba hospital in Lagos State.
He is recovering and is responding well.
As the number of people infected with COVID-19 infections has increased by Nigeria, the federation of what is reported on on on June 18, the month of March 10, by deporting tourists such as China, Italy, Iran, South Korea, Japan, France, Norway, United States, and the United States.
Those in Nigeria who have been detained from these countries must be separated from them for 14 days.
On February 27, it was confirmed that a Italian immigrant who traveled to Nigeria was the first member of the COVID-19 pandemic.
Top: A Italian immigrant who traveled to Nigeria was first in the COVID-19 pandemic
The second suspected that he had this disease, according to NCDC, was the first to meet the sufferer, and he is recovering after two venues indicated that the event was not part of him.
The other is not immune to the disease and has been released from her home on March 13, 2020, according to NCDC.
While caring for COVID-19 pandemic, many people around the world have been asked for sustainable measures to reduce the spread of the disease in Nigeria.
Ayobami said that NCDC’s decision was delayed. He said that they " stopped making a show of violence over the world and then starting work!"
Gideon said that we should "wen’t worry" that COVID-19 pandemic is in Nigeria.
"The law denounced tourists from other countries" especially those from countries who came from the ravages, journalist Bayo Oluda, also stressed:
Dr. Whitewalker also noted that there is nothing wrong with detaining the law during the transition of the disease in the time of the transmission of the disease.
Dr. Chikwe Ihekweazu, head of the NCDC, said that they are " striving to do everything they ought to do":
On March 17, the Senate had already been instructed to detain the airports that were spread throughout the country of the United Kingdom and China before standing on the second day of the law.
The Cable Nigeria congratulates all those from the country who have been affected by the disease will be separated from the administration of 14 days.
The federal government baned the giving of people in visa Nigeria.
The ban began on March 21, 2020, and it will be for four weeks during the conference.
In addition: COVID-19 in Africa: ‘The unforeseen occurrence’ as countries prepare for the spread of disease.
Many Africans have been coordinating the transmission of COVID-19 pandemic.
Among these measures, the transition from countries with the COVID-19 pandemic has become a major concern.
Stressful Care
Some measures have been made by the availability of health officials in the country of Nigeria by the COVID-19 pandemic.
A 70-year-old woman who has been spending five months in the United Kingdom returned to Nigeria on March 11.
Shortly after his arrival, he began to have the COVID-19 germs like the cold and irregular winters of March 13, and they rushed to Teaching Hospital in Enugu State, Collierylane, southeast Nigeria.
He was detained ESUTH Colliery Parklane and was respected for NCDC on June 14, in the month of March.
On March 15, the woman died after the NCDC had no COVID-19 pandemic.
However, in a letter to Enugu State Governor, the woman's son accused the hospital officials that her mother was "shattered" and put in "ception" that is full of grass.
A member of the COVID-19 pandemic has been unable to handle in Lagos that is the capital city of Nigeria.
On March 17, David Hundeyin journalist with News Wire, scrubbed in the COVID-19 pandemic, and he was afraid of losing the COVID-19 pandemic in the Danbego-Lek, Lagos State.
On March 12, Dangote, a Indian mining colony from Nigeria Mumbai, came to Nigeria after he stayed in Cairo, Egypt.
Hude's studies revealed that the man who was recycling had begun to hook him in "sound, dried, and uncomfortable ", on the second day he arrived from India.
However, "tifying whether a person in the Dangote company has attempted to contact" the health institutions involved.
Hudeyin further noted that the company is using the advantage of "incultural law" in Nigeria, "latising has gained" and is putting the lives of its employees and society in danger.
The media released the view that the patient had been transferred to a hospital in Yaba, Lagos State.
In what way is the COVID-19 pandemic reorganism in China?
The representation of the Chinese national boundaries on four young children whose reading is edited by the Wuhan" (which still used in Chinese), as the beginning of the plague, prior to COVID-196.
We obtained permission to use pictures.
What started in the river market, according to traditional health care, has become a major factor in China.
After the ravages of germism in Wuhan in February 12, 2019, many incidents have been unsuccessful and relentless in Chinese society and faced the challenge of loyalty to the Beijing Political Party.
Depending on the government’s satisfaction, as well as the local government and the central government, it is responsible for the unforeseen report that will benefit citizens.
When the campaign was revived to announce a series of ways to stop the spread of the plague, it has risen as a result of the development of a new Chinese annual festival.
Doctors and scientists are doing research and interviews about what may be the source of the disease known at the time as the insecurity of Whan's insidious COVID-19 pandemic.
A common cause of the disease, however, argues that the insomnia is the result of the germination of snake or animal meat that Chinese people consume, selling food at Huanan Wet in Whan, where many feel that this is the source of indifference.
A question that needs an answer is the way to the spread of disease: whether it is possible to control one's body from one to the other to the other, it’s just a few people who have this disease.
Evidence from the intensity of the human body from one to the other, so that he said that the insect would be in the body for a while before the victim sees its marks, and this does not make it easy.
As the disease is spreading, the societies known as “We's very roots, it believe that there is a difference between 2 and 3 in the end of month, the person who has it that you have to assist two to three, but that doesn't stop, if there are any signatures that need to be useful.
While the insect-speaking population rises every day, Hubei and her Wuhan have already had a stigma on health care and the population of the population in this area is 60,000 in the quake.
As the number of those who have contracted this disease is spreading throughout China, health officials are already in progress and the health care of countless elderly people in the country.
However, Wuhan’s neuroporosis is not just a health crisis, it is a time for political ideology.
The State House of Representatives said that this was not the beginning of civil until the loss of the civilians and the lack of trust in their governments, and that this was not only in the Hubei province of Hubei.
The Beijing government was detained for the low cost of the SARS disease disease that lasted in 2002 / 2003, as it was an accurate report for the World Environment Programme (WHO).
The Chief of China Xi Jinping reported on the plague until 20, Months, announced to the public after a month after the plague was rampant.
The power of power on social media has taken place in China, as well as in the U.S. and as their prolonged efforts to solve the indiscriminate problem of the Wuhan in 2020.
Mozambican and Cape Verde's videoconferencing Offices confiscated mobile phones to allow children to stay home.
Photo by Santa Maria, Cape Verde. Photo by Miccaela, Wikimedias Common. CC-BY 3.0
Check special Global Voices’’’s impact on the worldwide COVID-19 virus
As a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, the social media media in Mozambique and Cape Verde provides a total of 45 mobile phones.
Meanwhile, Mozambican has already had the history of 10 people who have contracted COVID-19, but no one has been suffering from the disease, but one has contracted the disease in Capede Verde and one has been a disgraceful eater.
Over the past week, both countries have issued an emergency of a monthly community law in the hands of a pandemic.
According to a Portuguese journalist, a report in Portugal, Lusa reported:
Translation Original Quote
Today, Cape Verde, CV Movel and Unitel T+, campaigning to ensure that the 2-3-1-speaking of the COVID-19 pandede
The original “Fica em Casa” (La’s administratory in English) is the campaign for the two industrial projects that are now undertaken to have a technical impact on the “expe Verde’s building” in Cape Verde.
This is a special gift for the two company clients, and in addition to the 2, the price of free call for 15 minutes will be in mourning for any pole of the nation’s spokesmanship that must be used in 30 days, IV.
COVID-19: The MB 10,000 relief efforts to ensure that Cape Verde was recruited by law.
Numerous Cape Verde of Cape Verde has denounced the campaign, since the passengers do this:
What a beautiful thing!!
How many people in Cape Verde l's city enjoyed technical and efficient social media?
In Cape Verde, an island with a population of 560, a group of 57 people using digital devices, according to a 2017 World Bank Accounts.
The year, 50 percent is the world's largest population.
In Mozambique, where there are fewer people who live on earth – the same World’s Administrative Center found that 10 percent of the population's population have access to witchcraft – the TmCel’s congraturing.
The campaign is full of individuals from GB 5 to 100 meticals (0.37 to 1.50 US dollars).
Take advantage of this #StayAtHome for 25 meticals in one month.
* The219 # to pick up a gift that you want and stay home with TmCel.
Although the social benefits of the transaction are social benefits, the majority of Twitter's extremists have published a number of questions:
It was a good decision.
Seth is the same true?
Waiting at this house does not hold back from confiscating the security teams in Mozambique and Cape Verde. The Tomás Queface Quefas Queface tweeted:
#coronavirus has revealed the uncircumcised personality in our society.
While building a #StayAtHome is a loving act of kindness to some, it causes social ineffective people to become uncomfortable: in standing in a house without having food, or working hard to maintain peace to the rest of the country.
COVID-19 renowned a horrific horrific exam in Africa
Earthquakes are not celebrants
Victory Secretary 1 Class Marites Cabreza, who works with 354th Civil Affairs Brigade, Special Function Team, Combined Joint Talisk Force-Adore, was in a special hospital stay on Thurs 29, 29, 2008-yeed in the country.
Photo by U.S. Lock photo US Volunteer Jeremy T. Lock. Us
Check special ‘Ooud Global Voices’’s impact on the COVID-19
The ongoing ongoing evacuation between scientists and investigators has failed to ensure that the COVID-19 pandemic is recovering from the COVID-19 pandemic.
On April 1, two French investigators, Jean-Paul Mira, and Camille Locht, recommended a presentation on a Mexican Web site that could be carried out by the vaccination of the alphabet.
Dr. Mira, head of the Cochin Hospital in Paris, likened the matter to “Benus for EDDRs, which said he was first tested by trafficking, we tried to ensure that there would be a measure of safety and security in the community.”
Both investigators interviewed an essay on the BCG vaccines in Europe and Australia to determine if it would be the first in the case of the virus.
In Australia, there is a peak attendance of 40,000 health officials.
The behavior of these investigators is currently a venue of the prosecutor’s case with tests and scrutiny of the European veterans, which claims to have been found by the U.S.A.
The investigation of these investigators immediately recognized the guilt and anger of the people, bringing an efficiency of the word, "What is not a popularity on social media.
Ivory Coast Didier Drogba tweeted:
On November 3, IV, Dr. Mira, had apologized for the words he had spoken, but after the SOS Racismes turned his back on, he did this. Locht, as well as the protesters of Twitter were not having spoken to him as he
During the same week, Dr. Jean-Jacque Muyembe’s nephew of the Ebola virus, said DR Configo’s insatiable New Conarago virus would not be " ready to take on the test of the vicinity of the virulation of the blood.
Muyembe, president of the parliament of the disease and the National Health Organization of the country, spoke at a press conference:
We have been assigned to perform these tests....
The vaccinity of the United States, Canada, or China.
We are the hosts of the event.
Once again, these words appealed to Congo's children and members of the world around the home of Muyembe Physician in DR Congo who had contracted COVID-19 pandemic.
Within a few hours, Dr. Muyembe laid his blank in a lyrics and said that it would be in DR Congo:
Tragic shocking events involving chaos in Africa
Agriculture in Ilade — which often occurs in dengue "ins of all sorts" which are necessary in the roads and hospitals, such as the disease and the drug of HIV/AIDS — have caused the most decreactivity of all ages.”
Medical organizations, such as the World Health Organization, the National Health Organization of the United States and the National Health Organization, are currently responsible for such projects.
In Zimbabwe, during the past year, more than 17,000 women without drug abuse were permitted to test the claim that they were allowed to use them for internetal research projects in WHOZ CCH and other ARDS.
Also, the Executive Pfizer’s marathon was tested by the drug Trovan in 200 youths in Kano State, Nigeria, when the pandemic struck by
Many families have been called Pfizer in pretrial detention.
Tests are not merely based on genocide and religious violence — as well as a cause for distrust among health agencies and citizens.
Patrick Malloy wrote in his opening article of the “Becourism and Mexican lyrics: psychological and social media in Tanganism."
From the world to the world of "insultants", government officials are often using forced witchcraft for tests without permission, Malloy wrote that "...... the blood of the Adullalayer is the best thing to investigate a non-guish government service."
He made further progress in his words:
In Tanganyika and elsewhere in Africa, this means that in the past, religious administrators have frequently invited those who have been subjected to debilitating blood transfusions, representing their genealogies for a health-gument that will serve as a test.
These developments are not the same as the popularity of the Oriental Party’s view of the "gultural part " that works for the Mediators, whose work is not the only alternative to adopting a blood transfusion.
The appendix in Swahili illustrates the drug’s “extremist” or "throken” — which is now “extremist”.
This horrific trend has planted distrusts, medicinals, and anti-gracultures in Western lands, which appear to be associated with government and drug companies in the world.
These respiratory treatments in Kano, Nigeria, has sown many unrestrained lacks that have prevented the spread of disease tests.
The lyrics of vaccinational psychologists were disintegrated. The rumors were disinfected as a report of the activism programme in the country of Nigeria, in 2003.
Feelings after ‘inclusion’
With what we have been told, what will all of this cause for the COVID-19 pandemic ?
People in the witchcraft and infrastructure have lamented that "nou are not whites".
The director of the World Health Organization (WHO) Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus has called the two physicians " activists " based on “extremist” and posted:
It’s not likely that Adlula will be an exam for any kind of aggression.
However, fears and distrust of unwarranted tests have made it difficult for people who have been victims of the virus virus in society and the lack of respect for health officials.
In Côte d'Ivoire on April 6, fourth month, protesters were attacked the COVID-19 pandemic because of the fact that the event was renowned in a multi-religious region.
The BBC Confession stated that the attacker “We remember the behavior of the people during the Ebola dengue cases during the Ebola virus raids in Central Africa, where some have raided health officials in the area, while suspiciously suspending the spread of the disease.
Moreover, in the 2018 Ebola Depression Crete in DR Congo, irresponsible venues held in among the victims of Ebola " were subjected to a mobb violence" — by the Transfusion of Mumbe and the National Conyee.
By the month of January 2019, when an estimated 10,000 Congo people were held in a vaccine.
WHO should announce that the Ebola virus virus has not been reported in DR Congo on April 12, but after 50 days, the boy in 26 years contracted Ebola's horrific fever with 10 days of Ebola.
Now, in addition to Ebola and the controversial issue of human society underway, DR Congo has to resist the severity of the unrestrained plagues.
The 62-19 pandemic plans for COVID-19 pandemic are under way. The tests and tests of vaccination are usually convenient.
Will the draft of large drug dealers address the moral laws of Nigeria as they perform tests in Western lands?
In Burundi, the four marginal journalists awaiting appeals
The reporters were charged with arbitrary public security
The Journalist’s office in Bujumbura, which was evacuated from lineage in January 19, 2010.
Four journalists — Agnès Ndirubusa, Christine Kamikazizi, Terence Mpozenzi and Egide Harerana — were sentenced to civilian prisons in the year 2020.
The four working with the Iwacu newspaper report report report report refused to be violated.
Now they are waiting for their pretrial detention, following June 6.
Antoine Kaburahe, the founder of the newspaper who lives in the walls, wrote:
Weather: The end of the trial in Bubanza. Iwacu was in pretrial detention.
The charges against the journalists are not theirs.
The reporters are working with them, as it were.
Deep down !
The judge, however, has not yet judged, the prosecution has become a month after a month.
Stay loyal!
Determination for Progress
On July 22, Burundi’s magistrates will remain with a group of opposition opposition — RED-Tabara, who installed Democratic Republic of Congo as a house-owned in the Kibira border.
Appointed members of the guerrilla community are used to travel the area.
In the fight, 14 monkeys were killed, and 10 sustained him.
On that same day, four Iwacu journalists and coach Adolphe Masakiza were placed in pretrial detention in Musigati, Bubanza, where they wanted to leave the area when the fighting was released.
At first, they were placed in pretrial detention and beaten with Christine Kamikazi when they were arrested.
The police appealed to the speakers and their public-speaking devices requested an interview to investigate them.
The journalists became very insidious.
On December 26, in Bubanza, we appealed to the charge of "Simulation of state security".
On December 31, the prosecutor confirmed this and appealed to the charge of the attack on the prosecutor.
The branch offices have called for their release, including the Human Rights Watch, International Federation of Journalists, Olucome, African Journalists, and Burundaises Radiodiffurs.
However, the Federal Voices said that they had not yet been able to respond to the situation.
Iwacu disclosed the organization’s claim that they have no charges when they were arrested and the responsibility to defend the journalists.
Many people say it is the result of journalists who have been very interested in social media. The media view it as an act of freedom to freedom of the press, and Iwacu is following the proposal.
Journalist Esdras Ndikumana tweeted:
Burundi: Four journalists (whicherologers) were charged with "including the city's refuge" for evacuating the worldwide attack and becoming Bubanzanza (Inamed from Yaga).
After the pretrial appeals were issued, their trial was scheduled on June 18, July, when they were brought to pretrial detention on November 11, Constitutional Court and Election of the judges in pretrial detention.
They refused to respond because there were no prosecutors and sent them back to pretrial detention for the trial on June 18.
On August 20, the decision was made that four journalists would return to pretrial detention, but they were released.
Their sentence of 15 years in prison.
President Pierre Nkurunziza said at a convention of journalists who came to earth on February 26 that nothing was about to be held but it would be confirmed until it was unexpected.
On Thursday, in Bubanza, the four journalists were sent to two and a half years in prison with each individual parcel of thousands of frans ($521 U.S.).
The hearing does not specify that the reporters know anything about the incident, thus turning the charge into "structure of the impending state security"—including them to quench safe nights in the city of refuge.
Iwacu explained that the reporters went to the site after the authorities were detained and that there was no license that would be found in the region.
Only the only piece of evidence that the journalists were arrested was the Only ResApp, who was handed over to one of the journalists, who said that they wanted to go to " the officers of the kingdom. "
However, they were used to do so in a selfish way — the government has often brought opposition, political party, and jokes to justify such acts of terrorism.
Reporters Without Borders (RSF) commented that the journalists had the right to give a report that affects all the cities without fear of revenge, the police raided the Burundi Burundi on June 20.
They wrote an interesting document called for their release, which is 7,000 in the beginning of September.
The Deputies of the European Union, the ECHR, and the UNRC are among those who have called for their release.
On February 20, the reporters appealed to them, saying that they were innocent, and repeated repeated emergencys in their previous case.
On July 6, the reporters appeared in a appealing court after they had been sentenced to six months in prison.
In reply to the charge due to the construction of the IssApp, a journalist said that the terrorists are seeking "in peace".
RFI reiterated their complaint by Clément Retirakiza, saying that there is no doubt about the accusations against the journalists, they just wanted to be very honorable.
Iwacu has long stood out as a strong political outburst — he is the latest news media after 2015.
Construction of journalist suffering
After the late 2015 clash of elections — which restored Nkurunziza back for the third time when people said that he was unjust — the result of the lack of media.
Many psychologists — who were interested in the latest news in Burundi — were scorned. many journalists, such as Esdras Ndimana mobike.
Numerous journalists have experienced the persecution of law enforcement officers, especially as they carry a “furt” report.
In late 2015, a sculptor of Christophe Nkezabahizi was arrested with three-year-old children during a period of protest on earth.
In Keje of 2016, Jean Bigirimana was demolished by the Federal Executive Federal Executive Directoration of Forces (SNR),
This year, on May 16, journalist Blaise-Pascal Kararurumiye along with Radio Isanganiro (Meeting Point Radio) became a passionate report on a local government in the fourth month, while a policeman beats Ruti .
The international media has not supported the work of BBC and VOA in 2019. RSF to Burundi in 180 for freedom of the press — from 2015.
Women in Nigeria face political upheavals on social
#BringBackOGirls and #ArewaMeTo set up political reforms in Nigeria
Mother's Savings Club, Nigeria. I'm Image by Karen Kasmauski / USAID from Ivernment on Friday, public domain.
In Nigeria, the prosecutor is accustomed to political debates.
Criminal and political prosecutors are often associated with religious and ethnic backgrounds.
Professional journalists — especially on Twitter — especially on the part of Twitter — had to be able to confiscate hundreds of millions of people in Nigeria for "in the telescope".
The critics of women — in addition to suppressing harmful identity identity identifications — likewise they are coping with the viral attacks of hate.
How do critics of the Nigerian girlfriends cope with social media pressures like sarcasm, hate speech, and exploitation?
How are they progressing in their work or doing their job?
Two national teams in Nigeria showed the experience of the elderly and the masqueraders: #BringBackOGirls, led by Dr Oby Ezekwesili; and #ArewaMeTo, the Fakhriy Hashim, who was the victim of hatred.
#BringBackOurGirls (#BBOG)
Six years ago, on April 15, 2014, some 200 girls from the Chibok Maidiguri Maidigu, in the northeastern part of the Islamic Boko Haram Democracy, were forced to denounced by the National Assembly of Nigeria.
The kidnappers of Chibok's little girls also contributed to the globalization of the nations.
The BBC News reported that in April 2014, #BringBackOurGirls were popular at Twitter with about 3.3 people who were also exposed to the criticism, 27 of the transition from Nigeria, 26th and the United States.
Dr. Oby Ezekwesili is answering questions at UN women’s organizations with the campaign #BackOurGirls.
Photo by UN Women/Ryan Brown, November 14, 2014. (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Dr. Obiageli (Ozekwesili) Ezekwesili, former president of the World Bank, and former Nigerian minister, began to criticize Chik women on the very day they were kidnapped.
A deadly blogger in the Budi National Federation of Nigeria, Yobe, northeast Nigeria, on February 25, 2014, opened this campaign
A total of 45 boys were killed by guns and knifes, and others were killed by fire.
However, on April 23, UNESCO hosted it in Port Harcourt, a spilling oil site in the Niger Delta region, appealed to the suicide of girls who became the world's nuclear missile:
On April 7, 2014’s wife, the United States’s president of the United States, Mrs. Michelle Obama, published a photo that restored our girls to “BackOGirls” #BackOGirls.
He also sold a picture from the Funsota House — and this development turned the incident into a global case involving the entire world.
Two years ago, Nigerian soldiers were rescued by a girl in June 2016.
By the time of January 2016, girls 21 joined their family members, and in February 2017, Boko Haram maids 82 of Boko Haram girls was released in religious acts.
However, it was about 112 girl who became accustomed to the destruction of 13 people, according to a 2018 survey.
Ezekwesili and a close relationship with some people have put up a fight for the rights of young girls #BOG to gather people around the world for the preservation of Chibok women.
In time, the process was turned into an unforgettable wooden tree that was used to stabilize the Nigerian community.
However, the success of this effort has not been achieved by Ezekwesili.
Just before the 2015 presidential election came to earth, Chibok's little girls were influenced by a militant political party, while Ezekwesili was protesting around the world.
While he was baned with the right of his heart, his garments were quickly ripped apart.
Others say that the #BOG’s efforts are not merely a matter of political disarmament.
Reno Omokri, a Citizen president, accused Ezekwesili that the APC is using it as a part of the political party and from "place" the state of Jonathan, thus opening the way to APC to "intification".
In 2014, the supporters of President Jonathan’s president and party of the Peoples’ Democratic Party (PDP) raided "ext clubs " on witchcraft against Ezekwesili in the vigilance of the videoconference of Twitter's
Prosecutors say that Jonathan’s indifference in power caused Ezekwesilili to be accustomed to the kidnapping of kidnappers.
According to him, those who refused to discriminate against him on earth as a reprehensible as he said that he would be defamed as a minister in the case of the Chibo daughters.
How well was it after I refused the minister three years ago for Chibok's girls to become religious?
Ezekwesili said in the Twitter photograph.
He became one of the presidential candidates in 2018, but later he was released.
On Twitter's head, Ezekwesili brought back to mind his sadness: " I was saddened by the children sent in school to the point that their parents couldn’t know their children. "
However, the #BOG’s promotion of the #BOG's blatant anger has been shaken by the turmoil.
#ArewaMeTo and NorthNormal
On November 3, 2019, a young woman named Khadijah Adamua was afraid to disfellowship her brother for a time.
Adamua, who lives in Kano State, the northeastern Nigerian state, had already denounced his fearful experience.
Nigerian Fakhriyah Hashim tweeted his support for Adamuaua with the #ArewaMeTo:
#ArewaMeTo became a copy of the World Cup #MeTo in northern Nigeria. (Acts for “extremist” in Hausa, a typhoonymy of rape and violence against women on the world's social media.
Violence against women is rampant throughout Nigeria. However, Web Relief claims that between November 2014 and January 2015, the northern Nigeria, particularly Borno State, has become a major act of violence against women.
In the most active part of the Islamic region, the latest transition of these cases is difficult, causing harm to those suffering and loss of trust.
#ArewaMeTo’s – #ArewawawawawawawaMeTo’s witchcraft is a violation of NorthNormality in Bauchi, Kano, and Niger.
The 15-month march of NorthNormal came to earth during the year Belu has passed through eight states in the Wildlife and Abuja.
They enjoyed a positive influence on the protests that the Senates " saw the need to hear the birthrights " because they were “friending the front lines of VAP,” Hashim explained the matter.
Hashim went on to say,” yet, in Sokoto State, the government is bringing up those around NorthNormal".
The police arrested one of the chieftains of the democracy.
Next, the king of Sokoto, the leader of the Islamic Nigerians, was demolished.
According to Hashim, NorthNormal is happy from the #ArewaMeTo and two lines: a time for "domination against the people (VAP) and a lowering of " various acts of violence against women and women in the northwest Nigeria".
The Constitution of Violence against People (Acts) in 2015 became the standard ban on December 23, 2015.
Following the Suggestion VAP — the legal legislation of Nigeria’s law — a violation of women’s law.
It includes rape, wife rape, domestic violence, feuding women, or suffering, the harmful habit of widowing, either forcing women, and/ororor for childbirth.
In Nigeria, rape is a life sentence. a child can be imprisoned for 14 years.
If rape is the case of many people, in the 20th year the gladiators will trust without revenue.
However, according to the Abuja, the only Nigerian capital of Nigeria, NorthNormal and other corporations have been advocating the recommendation of the 36-year-old parliamental legislation
Opposition of critics
One year after #ArewaMeTo was in the streets, Hashim told Global Voices that their extremities were "mote,” he said.
Hashim has experience of the internet shutdown in the world when his group deals with "instigatory children in the neighborhood" who works in the light industry as their sole occupation.
He told Global Voices:
The campaign against him [atery] is advised to obtain a document from the minister; some did not want to have this because of the measure of propagation campaign against the #ArewaMeTo to be violated by law.
According to Hashim, executives thought to disclose ArewaMeTo to be legally embracing against ArewaMeTo as LGBToo g g guysman, men, and women who are no strangers.
In Nigeria, marriage between a man and a man against law violated the law of Selade and the law of defension, sex relations between a woman and a woman in some states.
Through the campaign of Hashim’s campaign, LGBTQ, people on social media are called on #ArewaTo and NorthNormal things.
While scrutiny, the Global Voices have no space for those who propagated the campaign of Hashim for the rights of LGBTQ.
However, Hashim made a list of hopes on Twitter:
Fakhriyah Hashim, a member of the #ArewaTo and NorthNormal (a permission to use his image.
He said that all these experiences helped him to “witch a lot”:
My experience of political reliance on Twitter for a good government has helped me to endure, but it has not brought me up to one side of the barracks that we see as ArewaMeTo and NorthNormal.
Thankfully, I made all of it a criminal case against me, and I began to lose my respect for the North Nigerian government and to be committed to rape......
After each attack, we have the strength and the strength to continue in the face of opposition as a result of the continuation of society and that if we take advantage of it, we have to leave our heads to ruin.
Unfortunately, Hashim and Ezekwesili are still waking up with the "inclusion of the other human beings” concerning the sufferings of women on the earth and the realization of the world.
In Hashim, "We are a nomadic pace that makes it difficult to hit the victims".
This is one of the special projects, "Osunt: the law of social media is like a staggering mechanism that steers the development of the African country".
This issue issue issue issued a question of the identity of hate speech or of rights rights advocates in Nigeria, the ultimatism, and the ultimatism of Nigeria’s candidates and journalists in the country of Nigeria, the vicinity of Nigeria, the vicinity of
Africa Digital Rights Fund of Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
In the cities in Syrian Assad, the authorities say that ‘in no extremity’
After nine years of war, there was no shortage of health care in Syria.
In the cities under the leadership of President Bashar al-Asad, the authorities have opposed the COVID-19 cult.
According to Desert John Hopkins, the country has searched 28-year-old after the death of the people down to the 21st of 15th
However, the current news reports that show how the landscape has faded and are guaranteed that the COVID-19 occupation is really without
Walid Abdullah, a 23-year-oldold man, was so convinced that this was even so much that the external life of the COVID-19 people was threatened.
Global Voices use the name to displace.
In a statement by Global Voices, Abdullah explained that on the 13th day of herbal remedies, the Daraa Regional Court in South Syrian Hemisphere was a very poor threat.
According to Abdullah, when necessary action began, the government official who responded to the call said: " We have no cure"
He quickly ends the call.
Be assured, there is no mention of guns killing the suspected victim of COVID-19.
Abdullah told Global Voices " by means of the COVID-19 is better than having verses in the state hospital"
This certificate has also supported other sources.
On February 10, The Voice of the Capital, SCHR of the Syrian Deputy News, stated that health institutions in the Syrian state state state state state state state state state state state state state state state that "in the state state state state’s state state state state state state state state state state state state state state state state state state security security security security security security security security security security security security security security security security security security security security
This too shows itself on social network:
Damascus was a spirit at the Mouwasat hospital in Damascus,
"Brothers are taking place at the top of the blast, and they are performing the task of ending the disease".
The Inauguration of the Federal Executive Government’s Assad Confession of the COVID-19 pandemic has likened to the plans used during the Assad War, which kills more than 10,000 people and five million people across the world.
Insurance of Disease and Construction
The Assad government has shared many of the cities around him, including the nation of Iran, despite the fact that many of the cities around him are breathing.
In February, Iran became one of the countries in which Covid-19 was heavily detained, the impact of the disease was possible for Lebanon, Iraq, and Syria, where the infrastructure of the military.
In addition, Lagosians and Iran travelers from Iran made sure that at Damascus until Damascus (march) Mrs. Zaki Mechy of London's Constructs (Polital School of Sciencelit and Political Sciences).
However, the Assad Federal Government continues to defraud newspapers and technicals as well as the number of people with COVID-19.
Speaking with the Syrian government report on February 13, Mzar AlYaziji stated:
"We are grateful to God that the Military Department has cleansed the Syrian lands from disease:”
The minister of the Syrian health authorities did not even announce COVID-19 until the first day of the country (March 22), causing him to be enraged in the middle of the people who noticed that the government was disclosing, he objected to the news.
In a report on a national media outlet, one of the citizens responded to Yaziri, saying that “fortunately you didn't say in a statement that all diseases have been washed out"
However, the government has begun to counteract the number of those who have the disease in their publications.
In a statement issued by the Day of Preservation, the Federal Government and Social Affairs of the world have been detained by the COVID-19 pandemic.
He expressed his opinion on the number that should be true, the organization wrote:
Health systems that have been suspend
The fact that this culmination is true of Assad's government because it is not a matter of whether the offenders will be forced to acknowledge the lack of health care.
According to London School of Economics and Political Science (LSE), the total number of COVID-19 recruited people in the land is about 665 in a total of 17.
He said that if the figure was higher, the nation's strength was low, and the nation was very weak.
During the civil war, the military has launched a powerful attack on the health-language field.
The certificate from the WHO and the Syrian Organisation stated that there are 85 performances in the 45-year-old state state state
The document also indicates that more than 70 percent of the health officials have been deported to become aliens and 20 landslides.
COVID-19 is one of the horrific natural disasters
The most common cause of the Syrian population may have been the effects of these natural disasters; wars, pestilences, and debates.
The World’s Organization issued a warning on December 28, 2019, Okud said Syria was starving and immediately needed to cover the history of COVID-19.
According to the Federal Executive Council, there is a total of 11 setbacks in May and a total of 143 in 2019.
Ali al al al al al al-Ahmed (now called for a protection from Daraa's witchcraft, said to Global Voices that "n't be too bad, there's nothing that you can do, nothing but nothing that you have done.
Ahmed said that many packages have been unrestrained as a result of
During this period of health crisis, the threat of war and the economic crisis of many Syrians has also resulted in the loss of the city's disease and disabilities.
The YKS are already having two million students without warnings: Storm hurricanes have become extinct.
New Epidemic: positive behavior
COVID-19 was not the only cause of the perfuming of the YKS Decades in 2020.
Many communications have been spreading throughout the seventh month with a test for Turkish.
One of his surgical questions pointed to “BTOTQ by a hurricane, hurricane, (mod in a hurricane), Mabel Matiz of the LGBTQ.
The question of “Gözüm gün görd marks Lömün edited through the turmoil of the turmoil” is the source of the wife’s exposure to social networking sites because Mabel is one who is well - known by her peers.
In harmony with Twitter's psychologist Halis Aygün President Center for Measurement, Selection and Place ($SYM), the administrative programme of the campaign with the media, Yenikit said the interviews would be investigated.
YKS 2020’s FIFA World Cup tests have been successful in the three-month camps, which are approximately two million acres.
These tests are arranged by executives throughout the country’s
The appendix of buildings and social institutions in our high schools is an obsession.
A study has been investigated on the opening of questions related to Turkish's test of YKS 2020.
Infrastructure workers will be forced to evacuate from a test.
To some Twitter Web site, this is not enough:
[Jehovah] President ÖSYM spoke for the first time during a test! “
They have investigated the situation in advance.
Those involved will be forced to evacuate from a test.”
[Isa] You are not alone, the President who doesn’t care about it should be a turning point.
The social media also faced the decision and the following questions:
In the YKS20 test that took place today, you cannot relate to the children by means of spiritism like the motorist Mabel Matiz
(Including the preceding person, he declares “It is a lot like us” What are you trying to do?
Twitter's psychologists are not equal to the success of the Mabel Matiz and his fame:
The investigators. I want you to look at Mabel Matiz. Since we have no other celebrities in recent years.
The nets noted that playing a lyricious musician, politicians will abandon important words:
Nobody shouted over rapes, but the Mabel Matiz was used as a beating.
“We protect our activity” but Mabel Matiz is the one who conducted the most important part of our culture.
We should investigate those who criticized Mabel Matiz’s mathematical heritage.
Mabel Matiz’s response was incorrect.
On November 3, as the magnitude struck, Matiz returned:
Here: I am happy that my song is using a special test like this.
Now I am surprised that my life has become a part of the test.
Consider what I was put to the test.
There is nothing wrong with the end of the world test: there is a reincarnation.
I read a lot of textbooks that struck me.
What I wanted to say in that song, I understand you and I feel better.
I continue to sing more songs, to tell stories and to be Nigerians.
To meet again in another test..
Matiz proclaimed: A day after Aygun spoke freely.
He won a two-year-old medal in a plaque by the highest elections.
It took two stages.
“Someter’s tornadoes" and "Lud manslayer" at the Patenne Golden Butterfly's 45th venue.
As a result, many individuals were behind her resistance to public relations related by the government and the prosecutors.
On March 5, Mabel Matix also disintegrated:
I won a lyrics “It’s most powerful musical instrument" and “Oou whose tribute” in the Pantene Golden Butfly, 85 of such men.
I am very happy! Thank you people of all sorts. I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz.
In Turkey, two thousand students were seated in pretrial exams to the university
The sensation of this year took place in deficiency—not because of pestilences
A 15-month edition 8:07 GMT
Screenshot of YouTube's YouTube lyrics photo by Mabel Matiz with the lyrics of the lyrics of the Supreme Court:
"Gözüm gün görd mark mark mark mark mark markingümün ededed irrigation held by the
In Turkey, over 80,000 people (83 million) are expected to be prodded from Yüksekötim excel excel excellence despite Slarnánánánánánánánánánánánánávé in Fáfi on the occasion.
Despite the COVID-19 pandemic, this test is held in front of thousands of people.
On 26 Census III, the high schools announced the day of YKS's trial on June 25 to 26.
However, on March 4, the Turk of Turkey, Recep Erdo, found the date from 27 to 28 months.
The transformation and the irregularity of this test have disturbed Turks, city streets, and social media on the following:
How does the day affect the students who are preparing for a few exams?
The COVID-19 pandemic will be replaced by internet shutdown (Jehovah’s/ithren) if some 2.3 million people are being detained.
In 2019, a total of 74 percent of the total total tests were scored by 36 percent in the second half of the test.
In Turkey, the COVID-19 episode was recorded on November 11, during the last 15, when the 50,000 have lost their lives and the total number of people over 200 have been killed.
On April 1, the government extended a series of restrictions:
Investors have relocated restaurants, social media, demonstrations, a show showdown, a three-year-old barracks that have been reunited for nearly three months, but with a social club.
Visitors now need to scrub their nose, and they will have to perform the scratching of their blazes.
While the students responded with a call for YKS’s exam, the government continued:
At the end of the seventh month, two million people were sitting on the test.
As we have seen in the skyrocket, with extreme pressure on social isolation:
The YKS are already having two million students without warnings: Storm hurricanes have become extinct.
New Epidemic: positive behavior
COVID-19 was not the only cause of the perfuming of the YKS Decades in 2020.
Many communications have been spreading throughout the seventh month with a test for Turkish.
One of his questions referred to “Mouding hooked hooked hooks in a hurricane, via Mabel Matiz, LGGBTQ, & PHIm in the storm):
The question of “Gözüm gün görd marks Lömün edited after the turmoil of the turtle bil despiratory” is a question about what my wife is going through social media because Mabel is one who is known by her young people who is having a lot of income.
In harmony with Twitter's psychologist Halis Aygün President Center for Measurement, Selection and Place ($SYM), the administrative programme for a news interview with an exemptionalist, Yeni Akit.
There he said that the investigation would be conducted, and all those involved in using the document would be expelled from the job:
YKS 2020’s FIFA World Cup tests have been successful in the three-month camps, which are approximately two million acres.
These tests are arranged by executives throughout the country’s
The appendix of buildings and social institutions in our high schools is an obsession.
Infrastructure workers will be forced to evacuate from a test.
To some Twitter Web site, this is not enough:
[Jehovah] President ÖSYM spoke for the first time in a test!
" The investigation has been investigated to assess the impact of the problem. Those who are involved will be forced to evacuate from a test."
[Isa] You are not alone, the President who doesn’t care about it should be a turning point.
The social media also faced the decision and the following questions:
In the #YKS20 test that took place today, why would you not be able to relate to these children under the influence of Mabel Matiz?
(Include the opening that he proclaims " we are coressors"
What are you trying to do?
Twitter's psychologists are not equal to the success of the Mabel Matiz and his fame:
Television Committee members. I would like to consult Mabel Matiz.
Because we do not have another acclaimer who has practiced our culture so many years ago.
That is why mabelmatiz is one of us.
People around the world are keenly aware that playing with a lyrics, politicians will abandon important words:
Nobody shouted over rapes, but the Mabel Matiz was used as a beating.
This includes all of this:
"We are a protection against our actions" but Mabel Matiz is the most important source of our culture.
It should be based on those who criticized Mabel Matiz’s madness and tortured him. #MabelMatizimalone [P
Mabel Matiz's response to the deficiency
On November 3, as the magnitude struck, Matiz returned:
Here: I am happy that my song is using a special test like this.
Now I am surprised that my life has become a part of the test.
Consider what I was put to the test.
There is nothing wrong with the International Testals:)
The reincarnation is reincarnated.
I read a lot of textbooks that struck me.
What I wanted to say in that song, I understand you and I feel better.
I continue to sing more songs, to tell stories and to be Nigerians.
To meet again in another test..
Matiz proclaimed: One day after Aygun spoke freely, he won two medals in a medal in a plaque by the highest election.
He won a two-year-old rheumato rhythm, and “Soud dynasty mansed the Pantene Golden but butfly 85 of them like him.
As a result, many individuals were behind her resistance to public relations related by the government and the prosecutors.
On July 5, Mabel Matix, also disintegrated:
I won the awards of the "purgery of the lyrics" and “Oou whose tribute” in the Pantene Golden Butterfly, 45 of which I am very happy!
Thank you all my brothers.
I would like to thank Erhan Arik and DOP Meryem Yavuz, who conducted the pictures of [orin]
"I Have a Red in My Wipe" clip.
--- Stalls: Deputy-person has demanded a job for good results.
The Speaker of the Nigerian Democracy, Vemi Gbajabiamila, has detained national officials for the celebration of the world's poor.
Mr. Gbajabiamila said that this event took place without arguing in the whole world because of the COVID-19 past, something we can remember about the sacrifice of Nigeria’s workers.
In a statement that marks the days of employees, his Special Adviser on the media and administrator, Lanure, has commended Nigerians for their performance and contributions, which led to the change of Nigeria.
Still, he showed concern for Nigerian workers to produce good results in these areas as well as on every occasion, because of the demands of implementation for the success of the nation.
‘Mo want Nigerian officials to give their heart to those who have worked hard.
Really, Nigeria and Nigerians are proud of you.
I urged Nigerian officials to give their strength in the same time of the development of our country.
They must continue to work hard for the benefit of the nation’
--- Storms: Director of the Senate to Nigerian workers
The President of Nigerian Senate, Ahmad Lawan, has the nation’s official position of international football teams in the world for their year of soccer age.
Lawan’s Senate also commended workers for their efforts to rid the country of poverty and disbelief and discriminatory challenges in various assignments.
He appreciates the role of the workers as the solicitor of the community, insisting that this is what we have to do with them all the time.
He said that " the best way to get to know how much work has been done to ensure a better life in the world.
According to Lawan, "General as a lawmaker, we are ready to cooperate with the federal penitentiary to violate the violation of violation of duty".
The President of the Senate said, as part of the absurding of the nine-year policy to give the economy and to improve the quality of the people’s lives, has caused this year’s efficiency to be done by signing the 2020 budget.
In the Lawan Senate, the Federal Senate has already set up a new constitution to ensure that the use of the efficiency was used properly.
He said that Senates would continue to apply this principle despite the COVID-19 pandemic.
The President of the Senate observed that this year’s celebration of international workers took place during the ongoing COVID-19 pandemic.
He said that " the unstable and immortal spirit of the Nigerians will help the government’s work to overcome the disease"
“The Senate appealed to Nigerians to mark their days, to adhere to the health standards of the community, to veil, to wear a veil, to be used to collaborators, to protect themselves and to protect themselves and our bodies.
--- COVID-19: 24 others in Nigeria
The Corona (COVID 19, a total of 193 people in the United States, has a total of 192 people.
--- COVID-19: Sma
The Minister of the Nigerian Health Council, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, has reported reports on numerous events in Lagos State.
The Minister gave this information during the daily interview with the COVID-19 pandemic of the COVID-19
He also said that they are looking forward to every report of the sudden death in Cana State, which will help to prepare transportation, education programs and programs for the country to COVID-19.
Dr. Ehanire then urged health officials matificate of the principle to protect themselves so that they could be COVID-19 or risked.
--- Nigeria releases COVID-194
Nigeria has said that the total total total of 1932 people have been attacked by the COVID – 19.
A total of 300 students were hospitalized, and 65 were killed.
The Nigerian Army (NCDC) connected with @NCDCCCCCDCCCCCCov;
The COVID-19 have endured;
7-4, 6-Go-Gombe, 6-2-finals, 7-Borno, 6-0 kilometers, 6-0 of Nigeria, 4-0.
--- COVID-19: The minister
The Minister of Forum, Mr. Kano, stated that the Federal Government’s Ministry of Health, on the basis of strength and weakness of Kano State.
The Minister of Health Service, Dr. Osagie Ehanire, spoke at a seminar with journalists whose parliament of theCOVID-19 pandemic, in Abuja.
He said that as the federal government is looking forward to the complete report, the report will be a guide in the rescue team for Kano-19 Kano's category, training, and private performances.
“The relief efforts include the construction of the FMOH and the latest Irrua Specialist Hospital to join the health-speaking group in the state of Kano State.
According to the answer, it also stated that there will be an increasing number of experienced people in Kano State who have retired from the club.
“We are a medical doctor who is answering the emergency call, and FMOH has left Abuja with five celebrities, five streets (FRSCCC) are eager to go to Kano for an emergency answer.
Dr. Ehanire also described the need for health officials to adhere to pre-gnancies at all times and risk their lives.
“We cannot afford to lose special workers at this time; all must care for the COVID-19 which is to be treated fairly without being punished or treated unjustly.
He said, “We are an uncontrollable thing to pass on health care without arguing or forcing a person in need of treatment.”
--- Sports to Minister
The Minister of Education, Emeka Nwajiuba, said that he would not be able to say or go back to school.
The Minister said Nigerians would be forced to evacuate, despite President Muhammadu Buhari’s constraination of Nigerians.
Nwajiuba, a professor of education, said that the church was not willing to sign a match with the spirits of the club and that the schools should not be in place until the day before the school was announced.
“It is a very short, and this is not the only thing that is in the category.
The Minister said that all the advanced tests would be done by the government to ensure that all the educational programs were understood.
The Minister explained that 10-year-old students and several exams (NECO) along with NABB do not have to be forced to hold fast to their posts.
He spoke of the challenge taken by international schools and the application of public education programs.
According to him, “We are not the advantages of some because of the lack of respect for the social media, some are able to advance their education on the radio, some on the teligence, and some are using social media users around the world.
"Jehovah has already established a sensational education program for 31 states in 26 states, meaning that from radio or video games, educational programs, and programs to provide education for citizens.
Nwajiuba said that “Love SUBE’s digital dialogue, the way we used to disclose this text, and the government said it would be better to use the social media.
The Minister said that the COVID-19 pandemic has helped all business officials to recover and has helped each individual to get involved in the job.
Speaking about his training on a global scale, the minister said that the government would also use professionals who would be better able to make it more useful after the recent challenge of dealing with the World Cup.
Also, the FCTA board boarding schools in the capital, advised private private schools for 2019/20 on social media media against parents and students.
The Umaru Marafa Conservation Secretary, Umaru Marafa, stated in a statement issued in a statement on Tuesday that should be started without any internectrational training.
Marafa said, “Actly this is that when the schools will return, there will be an unfailing announcement that will be on the second psalm, and the third half of the matches, if necessary.
They looked at the club coaches to hold a handcraft and joke the club and keep them from playing without any means until the blanketant holds.
Those who violate this command will meet a strict code;
Marafa also said that the federal government school has completed all programs to provide education throughout the world whether radio or coffeee to ensure that students will be able to work in the streets when they live.
--- He doesn't have to open any private facility that needs training – Minister FCT
The Minister of Nigeria, Alhaji Muhammad Takes Bello to the Federal Executive Director of Abuja, who has been detained for the first half of the congregations, had been detained for the long time in 2019.
The executive Secretary of the Abuja, Umaru Márphah, said in a statement issued on a technical technical technical technical technical basis for the Abuja.
"We are apprehensive to keep the school in hand, and they don’t have to try to open the school until it comes from the mobile FCTA."
The law of the congregation would be attacked by all those who violated the law.
Mr. Oraf said the FCTA’s collaborator collaborator collaborating the education program began by using global knowledge, as well as coaches to teach students at night.
--- MUHAMMADU BUHARI TELIFS SERVICE
MUHADUHAD'S BUHARI, BY REPORT, COPECTURAL ACTURAL ACTURAL MECCTION, DISCUSS OF REPORDING COURAGE DIRON, ARVIROCH ARVIRORIANCH COBROLLISISISISISIS REMENTII
1.O Nigeria
2.M memorize you for your defensive personality and rights as a result of your match against the highest health challenges facing our generation.
3. Around the fires, 26th April 2020, the United Nations Covid’s 3. 5,000 people have been accommodated by 200 hundreds of thousands of people.
4. Many countries are affected by health problems and economics as a result of the virus.
5. Appointments continue to be made known to the world's fast-speaking truth in the world today, and I tell our organizations that we can make changes in the course of our day.
6.N’s 20-year-old coach, a three-year-old coach, was found in the 20th and the capital.
7. A twenty-speaking rumor, Nigeria, has recorded 70 veterans in 22th and capitals. It is only natural that 40 people have been separated.
We are taking advantage of this opportunity to express our sympathy with members of Nigeria who have lost their loved ones due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
9.A began thinking that Nigeria would be the first one in the month after they saw the first venue.
This means that although the number of staggered venues has been reported twice in the past, the results have been counterfeited by the
A total of 11.Iye, a high-speaking volcano, has reduced 19 percent of the world's total compounded gates to ensure that the Nigerians will be able to evacuate.
12.Lon, the Nigeria Football Federation of Nigeria, has signed 15 chickens that can ensure a total of 131 people throughout the country.
13.La from your responses, the Lagos State and Abuja State and the Federal Construction of the Trade Center set up a staggering venue tournament. They also consider the aim of evacuating the investigation plans to ensure a scrutiny of the camp.
14. Many major stores and registration blessings have been achieved throughout the country, causing a total of 15.
15.Mo commended the State Governor of State in an emergency emergency time, the intervention of new medical centers and the aim of addressing the public on the dangers.
16. A total of 16.3 million health officials have been handed over to safety, and other security devices have been donated to the
Since we have experience in some of the challenges, we’re on the sidewalk to the grounds of the fast-religent relief supplies in the country.
18.Nevised the government’s promise to improve the quality of our health officials, we signed a discreet treaty for the safety and other resources of the health-language team.
19.A has been a specialist for some 50,000 health officials. I have to be allowed to provide support to feeble workers a little over a period of time.
The 20.Nisans are currently receiving international assistance from private and collaborators. This is the result of the generosity of tools and generosity donated by the international community to coordinate the transition of the federal government by the Nigerians.
The 21.P a symposium of relief supplies at the time of my seminaring in the election has continued without interference, I know the presence of the country’s citizens who look forward to interning in it.
22. I wish the Nigerians to continue to rise up in the ongoing fight against the turmoil. Although we were in a state of security, I wanted to make the life of Nigerians the first one to us, most especially in this difficult time.
23. While caring for the safety of life and property, we will no longer be deprived of the rights of civilian workers. We are so many news reports that we are so sad and I want to assure you that the criminals will be brought under the law.
24.Mo urged Nigerians to continue their partners and reasonableness at the meeting of the security officers.
The 25.B has continued to clarify our responses in the guerrilla camps, the recent incident in Candisa, despite the fact that the complete search is being extended, we are determined to detain the government of the federation, the federation, and the support of the federation of Nigerians.
26.N Maya, as well as the rest of the new colonies, the first investigation led to a friendly tour of the state and history in one city.
27.Lati in this regard, I encouraged Nigerians to continue to submit to the interests of the president and the administration of the administration administration.
28. These are very often, infrastructure, infrastructure, insatiable jokes, and jokes for a host game.
29. Omo Nigerians, for the past four weeks, we have a total of Nigerian entrepreneurs in the federation of the federal government or the government of the state. As mentioned earlier, these measures are important and also participated in the history of our country.
30. Surveys, such as the construction of the building, have been closely associated with an efficiency of our country. Many of our citizens have lost several jobs. No country has been able to
31. I am confident of the final statement, I have the federal government to renounce the purpose and laws that will protect the lives of the dead.
32.Lave two weeks, the federation and state have worked hard to achieve the goal of creating a health-candal and analyst for the preservation of life, just as they do in the history of our rights.
Consider how businesses, businesses, businesses, and coups have improved in working as well as following the country’s high standards of cleanliness and distances.
34.A made a certificate of our studies without the risk of health care.
35. We will be able to use the best of our farmers to grow and harvest during the rainfall in order to ensure that there will be no more harm to the country’s safest place in the country.
Our goal is to look for opportunities to make sure that we will be able to continue our business when we are looking for answers to the difficult tests. This is a serious decision that will open the door to all heads of the world.
Because of this and the encouragement of the presidents on COVID-19, the Federal Executive Congress of the Nigerian governor, I have signed the inauguration of State in Abuja, Lagos State, and the Centre of the Islamic Partient.
38.S. We will be able to return return return visits in one place after another,” he said.
39.1 before, the new congressive ban on the country;
WE Appointed from 8am 6am, which means walking throughout the world would be raided during this time with an important group.
NEW said it would be very important to travel in the state until the time of ignorance.
c.G. a staggering staggering package of the state will be insufficient to carry out the items from the office to those who will use them.
.A will continue to make sure that we have to hold a veil in the outside with the need for using our time and hygiene. A State government, a large and hospitable people are urged to help in providing venues for the citizens of the country.
Because of the doubts, the Senate of Abuja, Lagos State and Medical Construction will remain until other restrictions began on the economy, March 4, 2020.
THE presidential candidates will provide information for the government, the businessmen, and the company.
According to these high standards, the state government has chosen to accept and appeal to all kinds of commitments on the basis of this statistics.
43. Determined for the sales of businessmen, those responsible for money will be able to control and resolving supplies.
These principles apply to Kano State.
45. Continent Kano State, I have ordered two major categories in the state. A total of Nigerians will collect the people, tools, and tools needed to help the state state state, and the extent of the deadly plague in the state.
46. Once again, I want the international workers, who are putting all things over to the point of winning the fight, to ensure that the government will continue to support you and your family during this time of peace.
47.Mo I am also very supportive of our brothers, members of the Krís in Nigeria, the highest organization in Islam and the community leaders. The cooperation and support of you have been a powerful source of strength.
48.M meddals invite all of you to continue sharing in social debates between worshippers and people in your community that they should observe all the rights and cleanliness of society.
49.Mo is grateful to the governor, the federal COVID-19 parliament of the COVID-19 parliament, and I am confident that this will be a good outcome.
50.Mo also wanted to thank our large home for the warm, merciful, international brotherhood, the white, the national journalist, and the support of our supportive efforts.
51. I am grateful to all Nigerians for patience and cooperation during this difficult time. I assure you that the congregation will do all he will to act in his behalf by protecting the lives of all Nigerians.
52.Mo thank you that you listened to me, and you blessed Nigeria.
--- Nigerian security is my primary concern – President Buhari
President Muhammadu Buhari has said that Nigeria’s security is the most important factor in "solving the police during these difficult and insecurity".
The President said this on Monday, 27th of April 2020.
President Buhari said that he would be protected from human life and property, and his government would not violate human rights from pretrial detention.
"Tritical reports, I assure Nigerians that they will not go without legal support."
The President urged Nigerians to cooperate with the security of the law enforcement during the meeting.
--- COVID-19: President Buhari set
President Muhammadu Buhari has struck Nigeria’s President Muhammadu Buhari with the beginning of friendly friendly tours in Carnival, Northern Nigeria, as a result of the sudden loss of man in the country.
President Buhari confiscated that the project would be scheduled for two weeks in May.
The president also said that "Brother of the federation would have to be trickled with irons and shrines to ensure that the state would be better off, as well as not to be fooled into another neighboring state."
The president also said that a visit from one country to another caused the history of the disease that took place in Cana.
--- NIS has 13 Nigerians winning Togo
The tournament Ileko of Nigeria (NIS) has received a total of 13 countries from Lumè, Togo, and Seme-Krake.
Mr. Sunday James said this in a public hearing in Abuja on Monday, after returning home, was a very special week at the home of Togo.
According to James, the 13 people have been detained for Corona's medical examination.
He said, "We are also told that they should be at the very side of the NCDC (NCDC) as an internet for deportation if they have been detained from foreign lands, this has stopped using Coron to evacuate.
James at the Seme-Krake border is a Nigerian or a Nigerian road that is residing and rescuing in Benin. He said that it is not too late to take sides in these gates.
He said that NIS would take a long way to go to Nigeria to the country, so the Seme-Krake borders have been incorporated.
He said that Mr. Muhammad Fathernde has appealed to travelers who come to Nigeria to avoid hypertension, as a result of the criminal and violent attack on Nigeria.
--- President Buhari speaks eight times in advance
President Muhammadu Buhari will speak to Nigerians today, April 27, at 9: 30 p.m.
Teliphis football Federation, R radio and other passengers were invited to join the first international media outlet in Nigeria (NCR).
The Nigerians will also be hitting on social media.
On VON Social Media handles:
--- President Buhari speaks to Nigerians today: The President will end registration or increase days
President Muhammadu Buhari will continue to communicate with Nigeria this day, Monday, April 27, 2020.
All Nigerians want to hear what President Buhari will say about the construction project.
The presidential candidate of the news and the public announcement.
--- Climates return home on April 28
The Nigerian colony will return on Tuesday after a respiratory break from Covid-19 in Nigeria.
On the 24th day, the Lagos State House of Representatives first started two weeks of rests to ensure that the administration of the building would provide adequate security that would ensure a continuation of the COV-19 pandemic.
In a statement by the Secretary, Mr. Patrick Gí released the release of the terminal registration by the Federal Executive Secretary, Dr. Patrick G
The release invites an assistant and administrative house to keep in touch with them and to "asuring them if needed for a special help at home."
If the pilot is in prison – he is in charge of the club, they will be discussing a measure to fight Corona's disease and the national affairs of the country.
--- Nigerian Government works hard research in Lagos State
The Minister of Health Service in Nigeria, Osagie Ehanire, said that the congregation of the Federal Forum and the state of Weo has been investigating in Kano with a client, who said that the facility would send a certificate of the certificate in the investigation.
Ehanire said he would hold a Witness-speaking team at a meeting with the governor of Cano State to meet the same type of defense, adding that he was unsurpased.
Ehanire also stated that the team would be investigated, the propension, the end of the impurities, to learn how to measure up to the development of the program and celebrities that have come to the state.
" We have no experience in the COVID-19, and we are surprised to learn from the COVID-19."
He boils it, and we can stop this neck if we use a powerful iron and ambulance.
The Minister said the Lagos State Message of Carnival Academy in the Administrative Student and Lagos State was advised by Corona because of their experience of the latest civilization in 2014.
The Minister noted that the Carnival combine and iron, despite the threat of injury, will not be compared to the state of Lagos State, since the qualitation of the state has not yet been linked to the state.
Ehanire has been infected with 40 major health care programs in Nigeria, and he is not detained.
