Official Photo of the President of the Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari by Bayo Omoboriowo via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it is blocking Twitter in the country, days after the network deleted a dangerous tweet written by President Nkurunziza Obasanjo.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message continued to circulate on social media, reminding the pain of the civil war.
But the tweet sparked a movement on social media to stand with Igbo Nigerians.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari is threatening to deal with Nigerians from the eastern part of the country by using social media.
The tweet was written after a series of attacks against the government and security forces in the region, which is accused of having a militant group controlling the region.
The group has denied its role in the attacks, according to Voice of America.
Many of those showing innocence today were young to understand the destruction and loss of people during the Civil War in Syria.
Screenshot of Nigerian President Buhari's tweets
Tweets in response to the statements made by Buhari apparently angry at the Presidential Palace, the state's capital, Abuja, regarding the country's capital city, Abuja, about the presidential electi
I think we have given them enough platform.
They have said what they want, but now they want to destroy the country, he said, talking about the people who want to separate:
Buhari speaks with his drink
Buhari, a former general, was in the army during Nigerian civil war.
The horrific war led to the deaths of more than a million Igbo tribes and residents in the East, according to Chima J. Korieh, a professor of History at the University of India.
For many Nigerians, the separation war in Biafra is generally considered a worst forgetting event, but for the Igbo people who fight for separation, the separation of the people who fight for separat
(Note: The writer is from an Igbo ethnicity.)
Twitter's hate behavior policy blocks tweets that preach violence and threaten people based on race, ethnicity, nationality.
Such tweets, like Buhari, are deleted by the company or the users force themselves to delete content against the policy.
Lai Mohammed, Nigeria's minister of information, described the removal of the president's tweet by social media company as a suspicious incident:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnjVM
Threatening tweets still appearing online
An investigation carried out by social media expert Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) indicates that Buhari's tweet still remains consistent.
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted Nigerian president @MBuhari's tweet of violation of the law, the deleted tweet is STILL APPEARING on many online accounts because of their reactions.
By accessing different accounts through different devices, DigiAfricaLab was able to see more than 17,000 tweets quoted by users before the company was launched.
In addition, DigiAfricaLab was able to click and share the deleted tweet of President Buhari.
Deleted tweets may continue to appear on Twitter users because the Twitter Application Programme (API) relies on other social media applications.
Another reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of the New York Times, is that deleted tweets might still be available and thereby appear as a result of the report.
Reaction to the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
The tweet of President Buhari's threats generated violent discussion from Nigerians on Twitter, which highlighted the hashtag #IA.
Nigerian Twitter users from different ethnic groups also used Igbo language names as a means of standing with the people of the country.
An analysis carried out on June 4, 2021 by Global Voices using Brand Mentions  showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboToo was mentioned in the country of Igbo.
Image of words mentioned under the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
Human rights activist Aisha Yesufu  using the name Waigbo Somtochukwu, meaning joining me to praise God  and condemning how President Buhari threatened them.
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Yesufu.
Any threat to the Igbo people is to threaten me with me.
Attacking the Igbo people is attacking me.
I condemn 1967 threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is better than any Nigerian
Rap musician and music producer Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his excitement for the country to continue from these hateful comments:
The explanation that Nigeria takes Igbo as people is rural and leaves a similar perspective.
#SarsStopSars activist Rinuola [Rinu] Oduala, using the name Kigbo Ochiaga, which means the leader of the armed forces, remembered with pride the contribution of the armed forces in the country.
I remember the Aba Women Revolution where at least 25,000 women protested against colonial violence.
I come from the same region of women with the same movement, born with courage & tolerance against years of violence and unjustice.
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #Igbo
Blossom Ozurumba, an Igbo-language translator for Global Voices, noted that threats start with dignity:
With the human rights it is easier to eliminate the moral concerns about murder, discrimination or torture because of ethnic identity.
If they are not human, it is easy to justify violence against them.
Torturing humanity, according to Ozurumba, makes it easier to eliminate the moral concern by murder, discrimination, or torture of people because of their ethnic ethnicities.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, heated debate erupted on Kenyan social media about comments broadcasted by three radio presenters during the morning of the morning.
The broadcasters were discussing a continuing corruption case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was pushed out of a 12-storey building and a man who was detained.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans angered broadcasters Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their comments on the case of harassment.
Shaffie insists that the woman was pushed out of the 12th floor of a building in Nairobi after saying no to the man because she left herself very much and wanted to leave herself.
What hard is it!
The case has divided netizens as some agree with the broadcasters.
Although the three were fired by the radio station, it revealed how connections in Kenya have grown for women.
There are about 21.75 million Internet users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the country's population, according to a data survey by DataReportage.
Nearly 11 million people are social media users, an increase of 2.2 percent compared to 2020.
According to another report by the International System of Mobile Telecommunications (GSMA), the number of mobile phone owners is nearly equal for women and men with a different difference.
As a minority on the ground, often women in Kenya have become the target of social media violence.
And although in 2018 an anti-cyberharassment law was passed in the country  which defines behaviors such as collaborating with others in means that can lead to discrimination.
Below we will explain two other popular events that happened over the past 12 years when social media has been used as a platform for violence against women in Kenya.
COVID-19 patient
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich was the first COVID-19 patient in Kenya.
After his recovery he came and shared his journey as the world began to understand about the new virus.
But Cherotich was not as satisfied as he expected.
After carrying a media interview in April 2020, he faced harassment and discrimination from Kenyan On Twitter (used as #KOT) on Twitter.
Other netizens interfered in his personal life, his personal conversations and photographs were widely distributed online, perhaps after being logged by a friend.
Her hairstyle looks like Corona itself
After angry over this, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe came to defend Brenda, calling for the arrest of the victims and calling them as an effort to protect her country.
Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe tells police to charge social media users for harassing Brenda
And that wasn't the end of it, another victim recently collapsed in #KOT attack: TV host Vyonne Okwara targeted after defending Brenda
I do not agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your information is unverified.
It is violent and heavy to the heavens.
Where was your voice when fellow women robbed the MAN (Lonyangapuo) naked and shared his naked pictures?
This is a bacteria
Okwara criticized violence for targeting women.
He said that Brian Orinda, the third COVID-19 victim, who was present when he made his health journey with Brenda, had not received the same reaction.
This sparked the fingers of body fighters who had their day on Twitter attacking Okwara.
Use of gender identity cards.
Women should protect their respect first.
Taking photos like these and participating is also an inequality.
The poor and ridiculous situation from Okwara.
So poor, you are wondering if Corona was eating a bullet.
Male nudes were online yesterday.
He suddenly got forgotten by choosing about that.
At the beginning of the year, Presidential Spokesperson Kanze Dena was also affected by Kenyan social media harassment.
While he was presenting a press conference at a ceremony, netizens harassed his body because of his weight.
It quickly became a discussion on social media, with a place of Kenyans and a group of media defending Dena.
He is so thick, long, short!
Who put the levels of how women should appear?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena has increased strength?
Of course, she is a new mother, but, she has no cash for anyone!
Give him a breath please!
This is a new ground we should reject
The Elephant, one of Kenya's largest digital publications, noted that the social media industry in Kenya and the globally has become an interesting industry.
There is no doubt that social media has become an important tool for social and academic development, especially for women.
Many women have built their businesses on the ground and, during that process, learned how to unite others.
Many get customers to buy and sell their products on the ground.
Some get platforms to facilitate expression, and lead to hundreds if not millions of social businesses that do not only stimulate economic growth but also enable them to increase their economic growt
They have also learned how to improve their entrepreneurship skills.
Of course, social media has emerged as a good opportunity for business.
This is important for the economic empowerment and profile of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to participate in meaningful conversations on topics that directly affect their lives, the Internet should be a safer place than the Internet.
The rainbow flag.
Photo by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Caribbean countries, once again and once, have been revising their law books to reflect more equality for homosexuals by eliminating homosexuals.
In 2016, it began Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, although its move has not been interpreted in legal change.
Three years after the court ruled that these laws are inconstitutional, finally Trinidad and Tobago appear to be on the way to amend the Law.
The law has an objective referred to as, to prevent some kinds of discrimination and promote opportunities between people of different conditions.
For this purpose, the Opportunity Commission and the Opportunity Court of Equal Opportunities were established to deal with these issues but so far, they are unable to deal with them.
The current laws address gender discrimination, race, ethnicity, religion, marriage status, or disabilities in jobs, training, education, etc.
The pressure to amend the current law increased after the Scotiabank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will expand the level of insurance services in the country.
The announcement generated huge discussions across the country and was also applauded by the American Media Commission (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, chairman of the Opportunities Opportunities Commission,
It is a good move for the private sector and particularly for the banks, which has a variety of employees.
It is important for others to make this action, despite what the law expresses.
Attorney General Faris Al-Rawi said he is inspired by the Scotiabank's move to protect people's rights and that the doors are open to doing what is necessary.
Al-Rawi's position seems to have changed in comparison to the position he had after the 2018 Supreme Court verdict; soon after the unconstitutional decision was raised in the country.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made significant developments in eliminating diverse forms of discrimination, but when it comes to the issue of discrimination against gays in the country, the fear of
Given the reaction of public reactions to the Scotiabank’s announcement on social media platforms like Facebook the opposition was high.
Meanwhile, gays continue to fight not only discrimination, but also violent acts, many of which lead to lives.
In the recent incident, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of a gay party in the region he lives, sparked debate online about the environment in which he lives.
Many of these chats have been held via Twitter Spaces, a voice chat platform for safe discussion and safe education.
While Attorney General Al Rawi has not officially given an official date for the changes, for gays and their allies, the hopes remain that they will not be taken place.
Duval, a French engineer and founder of the Institute Gaël.
Photo used with permission.
For internet companies and technologies, the collection of internet user data has been their main source of income.
However, this method of income puts users at risk as it exposes to the regular publication of commercial information, and the regular publication of commercial information.
Is there a better way to improve the privacy of Internet users?
Companies like Google and Apple have invested in daily collecting information on their customers, particularly via mobile phones, and a connection between various applications.
Various applications have been monitoring the real place, and on the other health and sports applications focused on collecting information.
It is believed that these information is collected and analyzed to ease the user and give the user what he needs immediately.
However, the fact is that Internet users and technology users do not know that they are providing their information free without any cost.
Online privacy policy activists such as Austrian, Max Schrems, have expressed his feelings about the rule of internet companies and social media companies in the country.
He observes the risks of regular harassment and violations of the privacy rights law.
One of these events probably has been described by a Facebook skendo case known as Cambridge Analytica case where the United States Institute of Information and Social Media Institute, the United Sta
Schrems says he warned Facebook representatives about their customer data collection events by Cambridge Analytica, and says that they have been collecting their customer data by Cambridge Analytica,
Facebook representatives without words said in their opinion, when you use a platform you have allowed people to upload their applications [on Facebook and Facebook pages].
However, why wonder yourself about the right to privacy online when you have nothing to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden gave an answer to this question in a Reddit discussion in 2015:
Thinking that you don’t care anything about your right to privacy online because you don’t have anything to hide is the same as thinking that you don’t care about your right to express yourself
The real effects of the use of information platforms
French software engineer and data engineer Gaël Duval has been engaged for a long time in the development of computer software as well as software development.
Duval decided to create a management system that will help provide security security for mobile phone users: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke with him to learn how technology impacts people's lives, opportunities and impacts.
Here is his perspective on the development of the information technology:
This is a philosophical question.
I personally have a mixed feeling about technology because I always have technology.
However, sometimes I feel tired, I remember those times when you need to call, you go to a separate place.
It was of course a quiet and quick life.
Young people might wonder that until I was five years old, there was no phone or television.
Sometimes I think that I lived a very different world, and which is not completely disappearing.
On the other hand, it is especially interesting when we try to imagine what we can do with the existence of modern technology, such as contacting someone in the country.
For those who remember, apart from the joys and joys of the years of the analogical system, we now face the biggest dangers of information technology.
A 2018 study involving children’s behavioral problems and progressive use of mobile phones, found that the most popular use of mobile phones in the country was the most popular use of mobile phones
A study published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50 percent of young people in Los Angeles said they could not stay without their phones.
The effects of the use of these technologies were recently revealed by reliable sources in the Netflix documentary The Social Dilemma, which describes the consequences of the use of these technologie
Some governments have tried to deal with the problem by improving laws to build user awareness and increasing responsibility for the companies.
In 2018, the EU passed the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The law has added several requirements regarding the protection of data including getting the user’s undoubted consent on their information and requesting companies to remove their information from
The law also places a huge compensation for those who do not respect these regulations.
However, its implementation faces lack of workership in the government authorities, and it applies only member EU nations.
A tool for information users
As the situation is now, Duval was convinced to create a tool that would allow people to take the role of protecting their own data, as he explains:
Our grandchild is that your information is yours, because your information is our property, and for those who think it should not be, they don’t want freedom and peace, or own businesses.
This is how the management system he created works:
/e/ is a digital mobile phone management system that does not use any information [to Google] like browsing, whereabouts and respecting the user's privacy.
The system does not check in any way the user's personal data.
It also offers basic online services such as email, storage, calendar, communication storage and everything related to the silver mobile phone system.
Duval points out that, when it comes to personal data, Google and Apple have similar objectives  these information is abusing Google’s commercial system, which is abusing Google’s commercial syst
Duval added:
With an iPhone, the user sends an average of 6 MB of information to Google, a day.
It is double the number sent by Android users.
Furthermore, Apple's outside system has been shut down, with a complete lack of transparency.
They should just believe in them.
We for our part, we allow to change the privacy policy: all /e/OS systems and development tools (the elements used in the development of the Internet).
The system can be interrogated and investigated by experts.
Amidst the rising use of smartphones, it is clear that only laws are not enough to build awareness and provide users with the right tools and knowledge.
Information and knowledge are essential in prevention of the HIV/AIDS outbreak.
Photo shows Kenyan health workers educating the public about the outbreak of the outbreak.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire is licensed under CC BY 2.0
The beginning of the vaccine in Kenya has been marred by accusations of corruption, privilege and corruption that have left many poor and elderly people in the country.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans are paying up to $100 to be called immediately, as explained on several Kenyan online accounts and media outlets.
In early March, Kenya bought over 1 million Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccines through the Global Vaccine Access Initiative, coordinated by the World Health Organization.
The receipt of the medicine led to a campaign for free medicine in selected public and private hospitals.
The delivery of medicines was divided into three stages: health workers and immigration officials, citizens over 58 years old and people with a minority risk.
The country is expected to receive 24 million dollars through COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya is aiming to harvest 50 percent of its population by June 2022 through a collaboration between the COVAX project and foreign aid.
In a press statement, UNICEF Kenya Representative Maniza Zaman congratulated the arrival of the first vaccines in Kenya.
To monitor the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its allies applaud COVAX’s promise to ensure that people from incompetent economically impoverished countries are not suffering from the vaccine
However, this third program was frustrated after the exercise began because of the last minute decision to fasten the second phase of the program in order to improve the progress.
In his article questioning what is going on in Kenya's HIV/AIDS treatment program, Patrick Gathara, a Kenyan journalist and cartoonist says:
With huge voices and individuals, the politicians claimed that they should be prioritized to build confidence in the citizens, although the Ministry of Health already reported that they have already
Since the government ignored the demand to explain its plan to the public, there was a large confusion about where and when people are expected to stand on the line.
Despite the government's directive to prioritize citizens under the age of 58, Kenyan media reported that businessmen and industry entrepreneurs have been present in the country.
Meanwhile, the elderly Kenyans, who do not have a network of people to help and without money to save, appear to be waiting on the line nowadays.
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washington Post.
Without someone to help you finish all the process, what will you do?
The same incident was reported at another government hospital by @_Sativa, a Nairobi-based Twitter user who is also a Kenyan.
In his tweet, he described what his aunt had, a former teacher over 60.
As the elderly waited for the line, the nurse called names and the youth came forward and prepared for the treatment.
When his aunt asked what was going on, the nurse gave him a number to which he could spend money, he said in his Twitter post.
Following reports of increasing public inspiration for the vaccine campaign, Kenyan Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the media:
I think we have created a situation that anyone can go to the medical center and access the care.
I want to put this issue better, those providing vaccines will provide a count of each medicine and that the drugs used should be counted by the medical person.
President of the National Medical Union of Kenya President Alfred Obengo asked non-priority Kenyans to avoid standing on the medical roll.
Explaining how the Kenyan government could avoid confusion in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes his post saying:
We could avoid some of these if the Kenyan government and its worldwide agencies, including the World Health Organization and the West, did nothing to do with the prevention of human rights.
It is very sad for Kenyans, their colonial country does not know any other way to do.
In December last year, the world directed itself to Argentina, where abortions were officially allowed in the country.
But how much are girls and women forced to become parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to this episode of Global Voices Insights (broadcast on April 7), where our Latin American editor Melissa Vida shares interesting information about the content of Global Voices.
Debora Diniz (Brazil): a cultural student who runs research projects in issues of biological values, women’s rights, human rights and health
She teaches at Brasilian University, but also researches at Brown University, and is a reproductive activist.
Her documentaries on abortions, marriage equality, government separation and religious issues and research on the red cells have won numerous national and international awards.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): a professional advocate for Reproductive Health in Africa, Human Rights, and Gender Issues and a global advocacy strategy advocate, campaigning for Africa's Reproductive Health
Joy was awarded the Ugandan Lawyers’ Society of Lawyers (ULS) the Best Feminist Lawyer for 2018/2019 and was recognized as the women’s feminist leader.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): the founder and director of the Manushya Organization, started in 2017 (Manushya is a Sanskrit term for Individual), working in the countryside of Thailand.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer specializing in the rights of ignored societies.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): an independent journalist.
He was initially Editor-in-Chief of The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has over 10 years experience in online content and newspapers.
She focuses on digital security, women and animal rights.
He is also a Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): a 19-year-old climate rights activist who is also part of the Fridays For Future and Women's Strike.
A mobile money agent waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 Content Regulations, freedom of expression has been subjected to high fees and the government's authorities to remove unpermitted content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a Small Media project asking governments to address the digital rights challenges on Universal Period.
At the beginning of March, when Tanzanians began questioning their health and whereabouts of President John Magufuli, many citizens used social media to question questions and even discuss their heal
In response to these questions, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to spread fake information about the president.
Authorities referred to Tanzania's Cybercrime Act 2015 and the Electronic and Postal Communications (EPOCA) Regulations (EPOCA).
This was a continuation of the government, which has several times, used cybercrime laws and online content regulations to regulate and protect individuals’ rights.
On March 17, former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on national television that John Magufuli has died.
A few days later, Hassan was elected Tanzania's sixth president.
By that time, at least four people have been arrested across the country for spreading false rumors about Magufuli's health and where he is.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will revise its online content regulations after Magufuli administration, or whether these regulations will continue to continue.
In early March, Innocent Bashungwa, Minister of Information, Culture, Arts and Sports of Tanzania, warned the media to avoid spreading rumors about the country's president.
The Minister of Justice and Constitutional Affairs, Mwigulu Nchemba, also threatened netizens with prison punishment on his Twitter account for spreading information about human rights.
Police Chief Ramadhani Kingai expressed intention to know a Twitter account named Kigogo, which has long been struggling for the government's abuse.
Human rights activists have condemned the actions taken by government officials and the fear created by these regulations and threats that are threatening to protect civil society.
Online Content Regulations: More digital rights blockading
For more than a decade, Tanzania has enjoyed a strong infrastructure and increasing technology development.
Despite these developments, the government has been controlling companies and discussion platforms and therefore independent media are failing to make sense of information.
The Internet has created a new online platform for young Tanzanian bloggers and activists who are using social media to express their voices, but the government has decided to express their voices to
In 2010, Tanzania published the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, which was one of its kind in the country.
By 2018, specific regulations regulating online content were issued under the Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations 2018.
The government claimed that these regulations aimed at closely monitoring social media use, especially, to fight the problem of news spreading hatred and rumors in the country.
However, the regulations were not only applied against mainstream media but also against individual bloggers and content service providers, who were surprised by the demand that they would have been
This demand was also applicable to anyone who produces and broadcasts a television or online radio.
A huge darkness ran on social networks following the sudden tax outbreak when many bloggers and content producers decided to stop their business in the country.
Opposition politicians and social media users criticized the regulations for respecting social media freedom and civil society.
In 2020, Tanzania issued a new reform to the online content regulations, under Section 103 of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and provided that the regulations of the online conte
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and 2020 version of the English Online Content Regulations (EPOCA) are:
First, Tanzania Communications Regulatory Authority (TCRA) recruited tax categories and added smaller categories under online content: information & news, entertainment, entertainment.
The 2020 Online Content Regulation, Part VI, Article 116:
Any person who provides Internet services without a reliable license, is convicted and punished by a fine of not less than 6 million Tanzanian Shillings [downloaded from the country).
Secondly, TCRA added a list of unpermitted content and included, among other things, content that encourages recording people’s cell phones, spying communications, stealing communications, stealing
Third, the Online Content Regulations (EPOCA 2020) has also reduced the period to which a licensed content violator can be suspended or suspended.
Under 2018 regulations, the licensee had 12 hours to do so.
But in the 2020 Regulations, under Section III, Article 11, the term for treatment of any content violations was reduced to 2 hours.
Failing to respect this period gives authorities the permission to enter, either by blocking or removing an account.
Global Voices spoke with some legal and human rights experts who criticized the 2020 Content Regulations amendment, saying it violates digital rights and digital rights.
They said the regulations violate digital rights and prohibit bloggers and writers from owning online content.
The biggest problem here is that there are no warnings to prevent these authorities from being abused, and in the current situation, they have an effect on freedom of expression.
Before Magufuli: The future of digital rights in Tanzania
Under Magufuli's administration, civil society, media and digital rights have been growing rapidly following the crackdown, step by step, of freedom of expression.
After the sudden death of Magufuli, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country  after six years of leadership that continued to show the digital rights in the country.
Global Voices talked to some government officials with an unnamed condition about the new regulations and the situation on human rights and freedom of expression online.
A Tanzanian human rights expert told Global Voices, with no mention:
These regulations are unfair because anyone can be charged, because not many citizens understand the interpretation of these regulations.
Another thought that the government is considering social media a mistake.
He also advised citizens to take a caution when speaking on public platforms because the government has legal forces to get all their information through online platforms.
The 2020 Online Content Regulations make it impossible for anyone to be identified when you are online, under Article 9(e), housing services providers of housing services should not be identified wit
These regulations contribute to criminal crimes of discrimination, prohibit the right to dismissal, provide sentences for violations of these regulations and give authorities to public authorities to
The Entertainment Principles of Online Content (EPOCA) contradict the internationally accepted standards of digital rights.
Overall, these regulations restrict freedom of expression and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, the Tanzanian government is responsible for respecting and protecting the rights of people to express themselves and gather  including journalists, civil society members, and others who are
These rights are important for people to facilitate the right to vote.
Tanzania is under digital rights crisis.
Under the recently elected President Hassan, the question is whether the Revolutionary Party will continue to silence and protect digital rights in the country?
Editor's warning: The author of this article has asked for his name to be mislead for security reasons.
Taking Tanzania forward was not easy, when President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
His slogan was Here is Just Work, appearing in green and yellow colors, the colors of the ruling party in Tanzania, Chama Cha Mapinduzi, led by Magufuli Magufuli.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people are gathering in sports, airports and roadsides, in various parts of Tanzania, where the human body is considered the human body.
Magufuli was announced dead at the age of 61, on March 17, during a speech of former Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan, live at the Nairobi Media Centre.
He was allegedly dead from heart illness:
Report on the Death of President of the Republic of Tanzania.
Magufuli's sudden death, however, has left Tanzanians, and others, concerned about the future of politics and governance in the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was inaugurated as Tanzania's sixth president, becoming Tanzania's first woman president, the second woman born on the island.
Under Tanzania's constitution, Hassan will serve for the remaining five-year term until 2025.
In this short video, widely circulated on social media, Hassan ignores any doubt about her ability to lead as a woman:
For those who are suspicious that this woman will be president of the Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell you that this who stood here is the president.
I would like to repeat that the person who stood here is the President of the United Republic of Tanzania, a female uniform.
While Tanzanians are already mourning Magufuli and continue to reflect on this sudden change, many seem to be hopeful with Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, leader of ACT Wazalendo, hopes for Hassani's record in activism and work as a civil society member.
The beautiful story of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes telled by himself.
He says he was an activist.
He was a civil society member.
Thanks Chambi for making me see this.
It's not too tired to listen.
While Hassan is more known as a man of reconciliation, calling for unity and peace in this transition, Magufuli is known as the bulidoza, the name of the democracy.
Remembering Magufuli
Kanga in memory of late John Magufuli, the fifth president of Tanzania, who passed away on March 17, 2021.
May God care for you soon / We will forever remember you our hero
Many Tanzanians  and Africans in general remember Magufuli on social media as bad and good.
The worst and good of Magufuli cannot be contradicted with a similar weight, and that means the memory he leaves behind has a controversial but many senses.
The camps between Magufuli and anti-Magufuli will not be agreed and the debate will continue for years.
Magufuli gained popularity in the first days of his presidency for his promises to fight against corruption.
His efforts to establish major initiatives aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industrial development raised the hope of many Tanzanians to independence after the last decades.
In April last year, in particular, Magufuli rejected a $10 billion (US dollars) loan from China for a major port project intended to develop in South Africa.
This canga inspires President Magufuli towards the last year's elections.
It reads: You Promised You Did. We thank us.
It features pictures of Magufuli's achievements in road construction, buying of aircraft, bridge construction and new railway.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His stance against corruption also attracted the West, and the media initially covered his stance with a positive view.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as a true son of Africa and an African advocate who preceded African interests.
Others remember him as a president who loved popularity preceding patriotism more than anything:
I have been following Tanzania mourning John Magufuli.
We protested against his dictatorship and criticized him for his ignorance of science, but clearly, by looking at the people standing on the road, this guy was a good guy.
However, Magufuli’s administration was corrupt and affecting human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee for Journalists Protection (CPJ), Global Voices and many others have been reporting on human rights in the country.
Tanzania declined six places in the Freedom of Expression Index that measured democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
When the Parliament discussed the Political Parties Act in January 2019, which was criticized for more restricting political parties, was interpreted as a bad sign for the political parties.
Magufuli's administration several times imposed various laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA), or the Internet Crimes Act (ICA), or the Internet
The 2020 regulations aimed at preventing citizens from spreading information that causes peaceful or sedition and content that causes persecution or intimidation.
Citizens could not speak anything about the earthquake that hit the coastal areas last month, aside from news of several local explosions that happened months later.
And during two weeks of rumors about Magufuli's place and his health in early March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about his presidency.
Or died of Corona?
Magufuli is reportedly died of a cholera illness which he has been receiving treatment for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many questioning if he was infected by Coronavirus (UVIKO-19).
For many  especially Western countries  Magufuli will be remembered for denying the Coronavirus in his country.
When the epidemic emerged in Tanzania, the government took precaution and provided instructions on how to cure the epidemic, but later, more and more cases were revealed.
He often protested international health guidelines regarding health regulations such as wearing clothes, avoiding consultations and medical treatment, and urging citizens to rely on natural treatment
After Magufuli banned the publication of the Coronavirus data last year in April, he insisted that Coronavirus has failed with the power of request.
Shortly later, he announced that Tanzania is not having Coronavirus.
Although it is impossible to say how much Corona affected Tanzania, all we know is that Corona did not go.
When the new coronavirus epidemic took place in January, many Tanzanians talked about their experiences on social media telling their stories about the disease with symptoms like coronavirus.
With knowledge that they could be arrested for Coronavirus discussion, the discussions went to the title of new nimonia and breathing challenges.
But Magufuli continued his anti-vaccine stance in a speech he gave at his home in Chato, on January 27:
If a white man could come with a vaccine, he would have discovered AIDS; he would discovered the cause of cancer; and now he would have discovered the cause of malaria; he would have got a vaccine fo
This could be considered a break back to Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who served as a world ambassador in security in early 2016.
Last month, Magufuli finally admitted that his country has a coronavirus problem, urging Tanzanians to wear their own bracelets.
Analysts say Magufuli's move to change the perception of the coronavirus was contributed to the death of Zanzibar's Vice President Seif Sharif Hamad.
Several high-ranking officials from the prominent political class close to Magufuli have died of the disease.
While many groups continue to gather to express their last respect to the late president, his death has made some sense.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social media to speak clearly about the life she had during her lifetime.
In a long tweet on Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the Coronavirus epidemic started to take place worldwide.
Tanzania was not left.
But in April 2020 we left any collective effort to curb the epidemic in the country.
In his last tweets, he said:
Did he die of Corona?
Yes, of course.
This and that.
And them.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But not those you want to talk about not?
They are not the story itself.
It is part of the story.
A friend is looking for you.
Can you?
Can we make this issue between us?
Please do it.
I will do it.
Tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze describes the changes in Magufuli's positions, but uses a tactic of understanding of others' sentiments, a tactic that seems to have been understandable.
Tanzanians agree with the controversy and weakness of Magufuli's death and the memory he left behind while their eyes are closed to looking forward.
Who has the power to decide what should see and what should not see on the Internet?
This is the important question asked by activist and writer Jillian C. York in her next book, Silicon Values,* which is scheduled to be released on March 20.
On Wednesday, February 10 at 1:00pm GMT, Jillian will join Global Voices managing director Ivan Sigal for a video conversation about her book, The Story of Life.
Jillian, who is the Director of International Freedom of Expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and a former Global Voices member, says:
The episode is free and open to the public and will appear live on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We are happy to see you joining us on Monday, February 10 at 2:00pm GMT (click here to see zone time)!
*Buying this book through this link will support Global Voices.
A young man looks at his mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, for USAID / Digital Development Communications on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first coronavirus case was reported in Tanzania in mid-March, 2020.
However, after the figures continued to rise to 509 cases and 21 deaths in late April, the Tanzanian government declared that none of the cases were currently current.
The same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told parliament that there were only 66 cases across the country, but did not provide more explanation.
Since then, the government has been quiet about the Coronavirus with heated political declarations denying the existence of the outbreak without including the virus.
Today, many activities are going on as normal, including the tourism sector in Tanzania, which attracts thousands of foreigners to enter the country through sports stadiums and sports stadiums.
Zanzibar Airport received the lowest level of two characters in the health and safety review by Skytrax Verifying Airport Safety.
According to the Skytrax report, two newly infected South African virus confirmed traveling to Denmark on January 19.
The largest and most waited music festival, Voices of Wisdom, will take place in mid-February on the island of Zanzibar, with the support of the National Music Festival.
On January 24, the Arusha Catholic Province issued a warning statement to its clergymen against the existence of HIV/AIDS in Tanzania, urging its clergymen to follow its warnings about the existence
Although records show Tanzania has a few cases compared to other countries, the government's silence about the data on the COVID-19 data has provoked concern.
The country published a revision to the 2018 version of the Electronic and Postal Communications (Online Content) Regulations (Online Content) in July, preventing content with information related to
Although initial prevention measures were taken, schools, universities, offices, and other community activities are back in normality.
However, the virus continues to circulate in the country.
President John Magufuli has expressed concern about the quality of laboratory materials and transparency of his experts after secret attempts allegedly being carried out using pigs and lions.
The president said the presentation of these statistics was unreasonable and shortly later, he fired Nyambura Moremi, director of the health campus.
The UVIKO-19 team created by the minister was also destroyed.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national prayers.
He made the announcement publicly at a Sunday vigil, among believers praising him, claiming that God has responded to their prayers.
Magufuli praised the believers for not wearing shirts, despite a call by the World Health Organization to ask people to wear shirts to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, called the bulldozer for his strong stance against corruption, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in the presidential elections.
Before the elections, Tanzanians were surprised by the shutdown on the internet where all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were shut down.
As of today, many Tanzanians cannot access to Twitter without using a secret VPN.
Over the past five years, Magufuli's administration has broken down democratic freedom and civil activities as well as banning freedom of expression and the right to access to information online.
Following the government’s strong denial of the existence of UVIKO-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any data of UVIKO-19 that the government has not verified, meaning that the government i
The right to access to COVID-19 reports has turned into a classical belief, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices in South Africa.
Unlike other countries with specialized UVIKO-19 reporting teams, Tanzania has a website with few previous updates about UVIKO-19.
The resistance of the existence of HIV/AIDS appears to be accepted by many Tanzanians, including health experts, who ignore the key measures of prevention in the country.
Global Voices visited several hospitals including Muhimbili, the government appeal hospital located in Dar es Salaam, the country's cultural capital, as well as Muhimbili Hospital.
People are allowed to enter the hospital areas without wearing clothes, there are little cleaning equipment and handcuffs and those existing lack of water or damage, and they are not water or damaged
While Magufuli's administration has not shown concern about the effects of the virus on the daily lives of citizens, many ministers of his government and its departments agree that the virus will be
Tanzania's Finance Minister urges his Ministry workers to take all precautions to protect themselves from the coronavirus, saying Tanzania is not suffering from the virus.
Image from Mwananchi.
When Magufuli was inaugurated for the second time last year, government authorities took massive precautions against COVID-19, forcing all participants to test their symptoms.
On January 25, Tanzania's Finance Minister, Dr. Philip Mpango urged his ministry staff to take action against COVID-19 and at the same time denied the epidemic.
Many local professionals are afraid of speaking,  fearing action.
Global Voices spoke to one health expert who believed that Tanzania might be facing a second wave of explosion but thought that the people were hidden from the country.
The expert did not want to be named, afraid of action.
Another health expert told Global Voices with an unnamed condition that people should know the state of the HIV/AIDS situation so that they can take advantage of the virus.
He said that leaving people in the dark makes their job difficult but he believed that Tanzanians will try to protect themselves by taking all attention as required.
He told Global Voices:
Politicians have cracked down the entire issue of UVIKO-19 and are playing a dangerous game, but when people start dying they will start expelling health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices with no name said that although there is expectation for prevention, the Tanzanian government's comments by the Tanzanian government's government in the coun
In December 2020, Health Minister Gerald Chamii expressed his doubt about worldwide vaccines, saying to East African magazine:
It does not take even six months to get a treatment or treatment for a disease.
We have lost ourselves since the blast began, I am not sure whether it is wise to introduce the protection and distribute to the public without medical testimonies to confirm its safety.
Access to information is an important issue for democracy and development.
Tanzania's internet content laws have been misused to silence the voice by those speaking against the way Tanzania is dealing with HIV/AIDS.
Freedom of expression, including the right to get, receive, and spread information, is protected by international laws.
In Tanzania, the right to be informed, access to information and sharing information, is recognized by Articles 18(1) and 18(2) of the Constitution of the Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights appear to be more theoretical than reality.
In a situation where the government denies the existence of HIV/AIDS and the existence of laws that prohibit people from expressing information and commenting on the disease, online and on the street
This post is part of a series of posts that investigate the interference in digital rights during the internal ban measures to control the spread of HIV/AIDS in South Africa.
The project is financed by the African Digital Rights Foundation and is run by the International ICT Policies for East and African Voices.
Photo showing the graduation of police training in Mozambique | Screenshot of August 19, STV  Youtube, by the author
The Mozambican police documents that were listed to media in early August indicated that 15 students pregnantly gained pregnancies in their homes.
The documents say that the pregnancies are a result of a sexual relationship between students and students without explaining whether the relationship was legal.
It has been stated that pregnant students will not be able to complete their studies now, and they will travel back to their homes paid by the police.
The report finally said that the students involved will be suspended.
Asked to the newspaper O País on August 8, the Commander of the Police Commander General Bernardino Rafael said that all the involved will respond to conscientious procedures.
It took no time before the case was condemned on social media.
Several netizens clearly expressed their disappointment with the school's decision and demanded justice for the women.
Activist Fátima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
The issue of Matalane should be taken seriously.
I am very heartbroken by the issue of the pregnancy of 15 students at Matalane Recruitment Centre.
This is a great thing.
It is a big thing because as the documents show the charges are students.
Now someone with power over another is aborting and the result is a little process?
This reminds me about a teacher who demanded sexual corruption on his students in order to harass them or not to harass them in classroom because in his perspective they were students.
There she continues her execution.
Txeka, a women's rights activist, also condemned the issue on Twitter:
The Matalane Case
Creating a social equality society in protecting equal rights for citizens requires equal education and development policies that concern people’s development and knowledge about the development of
The Matalane Case
Blaming violence against women is common in societies with a homosexual system, known for harassing women and insulting them to the male demands resulting in an increasingly controversial reaction to
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
Just a small piece of the ice shopping and Matalane is our product.
I think the day they will start to express their objections, from childhood.
Journalist and activist Selma Inocência said:
Very few teachers have been coming to courts, charged and sentenced.
They are responsible for losing their children to thousands of girls.
School is not a safe place.
Statistics indicate that hundreds of girls get pregnant at school with most responsible characters are students, teachers and school officials.
A petition has been passed demanding punishment to the responsible police officers.
So far more than 3,8000 people have signed.
For the government this issue is fundamental and is undergoing comprehensive investigation at the level of ministry by the chief of the Mozambican police force.
The Republic cannot and will not take advantage of issues like this.
The law must take its path and it is for everyone.
Nobody is under the law.
The investigation continues to investigate all the information in this case and to consider the psychological and emotional status of the pregnant women because they deserve their pregnancy.
Another Case
This is a continuation of the violence cases faced by Mozambican women who are not reported in the media.
One of the recent cases that have recently held headlines was the case of Alberto Niquice, a member of the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is accusing the president of the president of
Earlier this year, 30 civil society organizations in Mozambique demanded Niquice not to be invited after he was re-elected in 2019.
However, the vice president took the office and is working as normal in the parliament.
Another media case in the media is about the violence carried out by Josina Machel, daughter of Mozambique's first president, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three-year-old lady Rofini Licuco left with one-eye blood.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 and 4 months in prison along with a compensation of 300 meticals (US$4.2 million) to Josina.
Rofino however appealed and in June this year the Supreme Court of Appeals dismissed the case on allegations that there was no evidence in this case.
This Tuesday of Distribution, donate to Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
The 2020 has become an unique year not yet.
Among all, we at Global Voices have continued to publish stories from four sides of the world, bringing our readers a unique global view of the world.
The Global Voices bloggers, writers, journalists and digital rights activists have been working for over 16 years to build more digital bridges in the country.
Please Donate Global Voices this Tuesday
Our work with our international community is evidence that human relationships regardless of diversity can change the way people live.
Please donate today to help us continue this important job.
<< Share Global Voices >>
December 2004.
You had to be a university student to use Facebook, Twitter had not yet begun, insults were still living on the bridges.
Our phones were still intelligent, leaving at that time meant water and you would call the trainer to repair, and yet Amazon.com was unable to sell some of the items.
There were a lot of news websites, blogs were active and worked well, and we have already started talking online.
That was when Global Voices was born.
We have been for 15 years!
At the age of a dog, it is 110 years.
For years of the internet, that's roughly 1000 years.
Today we wish to use this opportunity to thank our excellent authors and trusted authors and colleagues for giving Global Voices strength and power.
Since 2004, we helped cover the biggest news around the world.
We have published nearly 100,000 articles, and created special posts aimed at empowering unprioritized communities to use digital media and fight for the future.
Without you, there would not be Global Voices.
Help us complete 15 years.
We completely need your help.
Private contributions help protect our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions grow and change.
Please support us today!
Donate NOW!
Passengers cross the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Photo by Enock4seth via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a quick decision to fight COVID-19.
The African Center for Disease Control (ACDC) formed the working team UVIKO-19 on February 5, before the continent has not seen one case.
Today, Africa, which is currently the least affected region in the world with 1,293,048 confirmed HIV/AIDS cases and the most interestingly interesting region in the world is South Africa.
The continent has less than 5 percent of cases reported worldwide and less than 1 percent of all deaths occurred worldwide.
Now, if African countries  led by the African Union  are pushing the COVID-19 sanctions and preparing to reopen their economic and borders, many governments are taking advantage of the prevention of
The collective need of an African technology that can monitor the distribution and connect COVID-19 testing centers across the continent has led to the use of PanaBIOS, a technology that can monitor
PanaBIOS has produced a web-based software and algorithms to follow health risk people and provide a record of sample measures from origin to date.
This technology is created by Koldchain, an emerging Kenyan organization, and funded by AfroChampions, a public and private collaboration designed to bring together resources together.
Ghana is the only country that uses PanaBIOS as it opens its borders.
PanaBIOS  to ensure travelers can use the results of measures from other countries to meet the needs of airport authorization for the country through an application software.
Health officials are using a commercial version of application to verify health documents in the same way for all countries.
Full definitive data and privacy laws
The African and African Coalition Coalition (CDCP) is encouraging member nations to participate in a digital platform, PanaBIOS  that will facilitate results across the continent.
But statistics into health have raised questions about the accuracy and privacy of data.
Government-managed censorship and control can reduce fear and threaten freedom of citizenship, especially in a continent where only 27 out of 54 have a full legal law.
Other African countries, like Ghana, have changed laws giving the president the emergency responsibility for disaster by ordering telecom companies to give them detailed information about the disaste
To guarantee the security and privacy of data, all the PanaBIOS reading techniques are based on the general data.
This is  the data gathered is edited for data analysis  not personal data targeting people but for monitoring receptions, where it will be required to make sense of confidence.
To ensure protection of privacy, the African Coalition, PanBIOS, and its allies must suggest how to take into consideration different countries’ data protection laws.
For now, the application does not have a public-domain privacy policy, where it explains users the rules of collecting and sharing data.
The challenge is how privacy policy will meet the various legislative, legislative, national, and regional objectives of data protection laws such as the African Union Convention on Data Protection a
Technological solutions contribute to effectiveness in Africa
In addition to PanaBIOS, some African nations have produced a technological reaction to the outbreak of the COVID-19 disease.
For example, scientists from Sengal have made a COVID-19 test device that costs $1 and 3D breathing.
Wellvis, an emerging Nigerian organization, developed a COVID-19 Meter, an independent tool to help users measure the risk of the virus.
The South African government used WhatsApp to provide an interactive conversation to respond to common questions about false stories, symptoms and treatment of children.
And in Uganda, market women used the Garden Market app to sell their products at home using this software, then a motorcycle to take the buyer and take the buyer.
Africa’s success in controlling and managing the outbreak of COVID-19 is linked to the young population, the capacity to measure and monitor dead, and the possibility of existing controversial and
But it is clear that technological research has contributed to the censorship of COVID-19, despite decisive guidance at the beginning of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu, deputy doctor for Bill and Melinda Organization  summarized how, in January, as many Western nations sixteened, Ethiopia began a censorship of the United Nations.
Rwanda became the first African country to suspend normal holidays on March 21, with a number of countries Africa followed: South Africa implemented normal holidays on March 21; South Africa implemen
(With that number, Italy had more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths.)
In comparison, the number of victims and deaths in America is six times the number of Africans.
Public health experts estimated that the disaster would affect Africa and the dead bodies on the streets.
Of course, Africa has confirmed the other.
This story based on surveys by Factcheck Lab, a Hong Kong-based fact-checking agency, which is also a Global Voices media partner whose author is Global Voices member.
On September 22, a Chinese social media report quoted not only that the World Health Organization (WHO) chief scientist and chief executive of the World Health Organization (WHO) chief scientist and
These reports and publications quote the source of a minute video produced by Chinese television using the video participation software China Miaopai.
The video features a speech by SAD General Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus speaking on the importance of increasing the treatment of UVIKO-19, followed by Dr.Swaminathan Swaminathan.
In a CCTV video, where its short description says WHO Scientist: Chinese Vaccines Verified (), here is Swaminath's report:
As you know, they also have a complete program of drug improvement and some of these vaccines are also a step forward in clinical testing, this is also our interest, we are following the program and
Other parties have confirmed the profit from the underway clinical tests.
But Dr.Swaminathan's original speech has been edited.
His last sentence, for sure, started with the word whether, and the background music made it look like she said it confirmed instead of confirming.
Dr.Swaminathan's full statement is the following :
We have been involved in the discussion with China over the past months because, as you know, they also have a complete program to develop vaccines and many of their vaccines are steps forward.
We have had an open discussion with them and have emphasized their volunteer volunteers around the world  with some of their treatments have passed the clinical tests.
So I think the ongoing discussions are still clear and we hope many countries will be ignored.
These statements were made at the SAD non-information conference on September 21.
The full version of the one-hour event can be found here.
The conference intended to present a declaration about the US-billion dollar plan by WHO and other organizations to deliver HIV/AIDS vaccines in the future in the country.
As of now, 156 nations have registered in the program; not China nor America are among them.
As estimated, the CCTVT video, along with the news report and publishing publications, have attracted nationalist consciousness.
The post on Weibo by Daily Economic News has received more than 337,000 likes.
Below are some of the most popular comments:
I am so proud of my country.
This is the gift for the National Day and the Middle of Vuli Festival.
You can't imagine the power of China.
I proud of my country.
China has saved the world.
After investigators certainly indicate Dr.’s words are misleading, some media outlets, including CGTN and CCTV, deleted their social media posts.
Among them is the China Communist Youth League, whose post was brought to me by Twitter user @Emi2020JP before losing from Weibo:
Tedros should be treated first.
Like @Emi2020JP, many Twitter users believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, posting his disappointment with Tedros:
Tedros is a toilet attack!
I will pay to give Tedros an additional play!
Yesterday my mom told me, the news here said America will buy a lot of vaccines from China.
I don't have to explain.Let them live in their fantasy.
Very good job, from stopping the spread of the virus to advertising vaccines!
Although publications in China have been deleted, film copies are still circulating on social media, such as this public post WeChat.
Beijing-based news outlets, like Speak Out HK (and Today Review (), have also published stories from the video.
There are about 200 UVIKO-19 vaccines in clinical testing around the world, and many of them have been prepared from Chinese libraries.
None has passed the 3rd phase of testing currently.
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans took to the streets on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other cities against the police brutality.
The protests began after surprising news broke out about the death of Dr. Silvio Dala, 35, who died on September 1 while under medical control.
According to authorities reports, Dala left his car from the David Bernardino Children's Hospital in Luanda, where he works as Director of Health Care.
The doctor was taken to the police station of Catotes, in the neighborhood of Rocha Pinto, and when he showed signs of suffering and began to collapse, he fell seriously.
It also said that Dala died while police officers were taking him to a hospital.
The Doctors Union protested the report.
The party's president, Adriano Manuel, told Voice of America that there is controversy in the description of the authorities which shows that the doctor was solved.
Manuel told  DW that the source of death described by the police is not real.
Anyone who is a doctor and studied medical school will know this is not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, a news source from the Ministry of Interior says that an investigation was carried out in front of the family and the prosecutor and confirmed that the doctor was detained.
The party has said that it will take legal action with the police.
Meanwhile the Angolan government has created a commission which will collaborate with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
Organizers do not believe the police report about Dala's death.
Banners used by protesters across the city of Luanda said: No Murder, You are paid to protect us, you are not paid to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, I am Silvio Dala.
There were also calling for Interior Minister Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
The protest was organized by the Doctors Society in collaboration with organizations and civil society organizations.
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by  Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the beginning of the coronavirus epidemic in Angola, there have been several cases of police violence during investigations and sometimes leading to the deaths of people.
Speaking to  Lusa, rap musician Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose original name is  Bruno Santos, called for Lugarinho to resign and also called for the police school.
The police army is an institution that should give people courage, but today people are lacking courage, they are afraid when they meet the police," he said.
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by  Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many have transferred the protests to Facebook and WhatsApp pages to protest the incident.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
THE COUNTRY'S POLICE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR DOCTOR SILVIO DALA'S DEATH
The photos are very powerful and they are right.
We must all demand justice.
The police of this country must pay for their crimes.
Things cannot keep like this.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chairman of the board of directors of Sonangol oil company, the daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDala was on sábado announced a pacífica e silenciosa march by the Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA), conviding all professionals de saúde to respond to the problems of
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#IMINiSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Society of National Medical Association of Angola (SINMEA) declared a silent and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other society organizations and civil society to protest th
Headline: Angolans take to the streets protesting police brutality and demanding the murder.
Meanwhile, on Twitter, Alejandro questioned the participation of online mobilizers in Angola in the event:
When George Floyd foi dead os chamados Influencers Angolanos expressed their support to Black Lives Matter, but with the death of angolan medico Sílvio Dala Rousseff, the medical professional has be
Ale Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed the so-called Angolan online mobilizers expressed support for the program A Black Life Has Value, but in his death, the death of George Floyd was assassinated.
Hachalu Hundessa interviewed with OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
Editor's Guide: This is a two-part analysis on Hachalu Hundessa, a popular Oromo musician whose murder sparked religious and religious violence.
Read Second Episode here
Ethiopian prominent musician Hachalu Hundessa gained notoriety for his creativity and talent to identify the public about the Oromo people.
He was killed in the borders of Ethiopia’s capital, Addis Ababa, on June 29.
That night at 3 am and a half, as Hachalu left his car, a man named Tilahun Yami walked towards his car and shot him.
He was rushed to a nearby hospital where it was officially confirmed that he had died.
It was later discovered that the shot destroyed its internal parts.
The chief of police of Addis Ababa reported that two suspects have been arrested.
After a few days authorities sentenced the killers and their allies.
With his assassination, the country has entered a difficult time to stop the following violence.
The fact is that the killing of Hachalu has not been clearly revealed and as a result, rumors started to circulate after politicians and activists made a significant emphasis on the killing of Hachal
On his day, mourners flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities surrounding Oromo province.
The next morning Oromia Media Network (OMN), where Hachalu finished his final interview, broadcasted an advertising broadcast on the government.
The slow announcements turned into a territory of fighting between government authorities and opposition leaders, with debates on where they are residing.
Ten people were killed and several others injured in Addis Ababa.
The clashes led to the arrest of some opposition leaders including Jawar Mohammed who is the leader of the OMN and opposition leader Bekele Gerba who were arrested.
The controversy broke out eventually after authorities took Hachalu’s body returned to their city Ambo by helicopter, where the two sides continued to discuss the conflict.
After that violence and clashes followed.
The clashes that took three days threw some parts of Oromo cities and Addis Ababa and the real destruction is: 239 people dead and hundreds injured, more than hundreds wounded.
On June 30, the government tried to shut down the internet to prevent the spread of violence on social media, which lasted for three weeks.
Several people were shot dead by security forces but several news sources including Voice of America and Addis Standard reported that groups of indigenous people were shot dead by security forces.
The most violent violence was in a region between the Amahara-Oromo people and religion may have played a major role because of the current understanding that: the Amahara-Oromo community has been in
One farmer of the area said that we thought Hachalu was a Moroccan after watching live broadcasts showing Hachalu's funeral activities.
According to reports, most of the victims were Amhara, Oromo Christians and Gurages.
One witness said that they destroyed and burned property and killed the victims by kicking the heads and feet of the victims.
The Prediction of an Interview
When news about Hachalu's murder was only heard, the Oromo diaspora media sources included his death and the last interview Hachalu made with his colleagues.
During the interview, Gayo repeatedly questioned Hachalu about his support for the ruling party and also repeatedly banned him when responding.
Hachalu refused to support the ruling party in support but also criticized conflicts and separations in Oromo political parties, demonstrating freedom of thought as a musician while showing freedom o
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historical abuse of the Oromo people by King Menelik II who built the current Ethiopia.
Hachalu surprised many audiences when he said that the cat planted by Menelik in a statue in Addis Ababa was the property of an Oromo farmer named Abdullah.
The response attracted various praise and criticism from various people on Facebook and Twitter.
When Hachalu was murdered a week later many Oromo communities living abroad felt that Hachalu’s criticism of the Menelik II statue stirred them.
On social networks citizens struggled with what Hachalu said about Menelik, leading to a spread of rumors with many false information.
Another part of the interview features information about separation and conflict within the Oromo community.
In all of the interviews Guyo minded Hachalu about the ongoing political changes in the country and the anti-government movement asking the question about the Minister of the Prime Minister.
Hachalu repeatedly said he is not involved in Oromo politics but criticized all those who judge Abiy’s patriotism.
He protected his position against the main opposition leaders united by the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which has once been close to the main majority opposition party in the country.
TPLF became an opposition party after Abiy demolished EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke about the ongoing political violence in the Oromo region blaming both the government authorities and the militant group Al-Shabaab.
Following the murder of Hachalu, the government was able to take a 71-minute interrogation session and publicly aired it.
The zone includes messages of death threats used by Hachalu from the western Oromo sides, where OLF-Shane militant forces are carrying out their protests.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he praised OLF-Shane.
He directly talked about the conflict between him and Getachew Assefa, the Ethiopian General Security Officer during the TPLF in office.
Guyo, who broadcasted the interview on his Facebook account by calling it must be seen a few days before his airport, has been arrested by police since his airport.
Read more about the consequences of the killing of Hachalu Hundessa in Episode II.
Screenshot from  Guardian YouTube video about kidnapping.
The COVID-19 epidemic has affected women’s rights in Middle East and Northern Africa; from household violence to loss of lives.
But there is one clear place where women have been affected which I am shameful, and this is after the outbreak of the Coronavirus and the hunger to tackle it.
In April, the United Nations announced that in addition to the restrictions as a result of the coronavirus efforts, there are 2 million cases of slaughter which have been dead in the country.
Kidnapping includes the activities of cutting part or completely of a part of the vagina, or infecting part of the vagina without any relationship or medical idea, according to the United Nations.
This practice is a traditional and religious tradition that has roots across Africa, Middle East and Asia, and is committed by traditional practitioners, medical practitioners with knives, nails and
Kidnapping, also known as secret removal, is believed to be one of the widespread violence against girls and women, and it is still reported to have been reported in the country.
It is estimated that at least 200 million women have been affected.
This is well described by UNICEF in the video:
In the Middle East and North African region, smuggling is a problem that basically affects Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, Child Protection Adviser, further explains,
Somalia is said to have a high number of sexual victims with 98 percent of women between the ages of 15 and 49 have been sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually sexual
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent have been affected, Egypt 92, Sudan as 88, Mauritania 69, Yemen as 19 and Iraq 7 according to the table.
This varies based on social class, ethnicity and even quality of education in each country and in urban areas.
Slaughtering often occurs among the poorer people or in families that are not educated in rural areas.
In Yemen, slaughtering has rooted roots in the Coastal Region but is mostly occurring in the North.
In Iraq, the act has spread widely in the northern Kurdish province.
In Egypt it is mostly for girls living in the Upper Egyptian region.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from the poorest families have been subjected to sexual abuse compared to 37 percent of women from the poorest families.
BRUTALITY: Little Reported Violence
The scale and width of the sculpture will be disturbed because of the world's lack of a real image of the sculpture, according to a collective report starting from March.
The report proved that this tradition is growing and is also taking place in Middle East and Asia, and the world is certainly ignoring it.
Recent researches show that smuggling is also conducted in Iran, along with all the Ghuban countries such as Kuwait, the Arab Kingdom, Oman and Sudan.
Divya Srinivasan from Usawa Sasa told Reuters that she was extremely surprised by the results of the small survey from regions such as Oman and Saudi Arabia where the results of the survey have been
This report was published while the COVID-19 epidemic is emerging in the Middle East and was not published nor translated by media and media outlets.
The society’s lack of understanding of humiliation can prove the assumption that humiliation is not completely important.
Social Tensions
In the Middle East, there are settlements surrounding women’s bodies where it is banned for public discussion of secret issues such as kidnapping that is connected to religion.
For example, in Egypt Christians and Muslims together believe that kidnapping makes girls more interested in their expected husbands and protects them from the worst, as well as that they do not have
The Institute is continuing to gather more reports about kidnapping and has created a collective database that will help individuals or groups conduct surveys in the country.
People prefer to avoid conversations and subjects of rape if there is an incident that attracts the headlines such as the death of a 12-year-old girl who died after being abducted.
Ghida Hussein, an Egyptian student, told Global Voices:
Since we are not talking about this, it is like that the problem is not completely existing.
Slaughtering is being carried out quietly behind the closed doors.
It happens away from the educated urban cities where activists and politicians sit.
Rape is a complex issue and perhaps the international community should provide financial aid and mobilization, either you will see a marginalized class society paying something better.
Breaking the lines and speaking about slaughter makes human rights defenders be attacked in languages of intimidation and hatred.
In Oman, women’s rights activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Oman Institute for Human Rights, conducted a small survey in 2017 in Oman and looked at women’s rights activists.
After publishing the results of his survey, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of general surveys online and the reaction was high.
I have been attacked by religious conservatives who said kidnapping is part of the Muslim practice.
In Oman, where kidnapping is not officially identified, there is no security for the victims.
Habiba added this in his statement:
How can you tell him a survivor to talk about it and then face the all these effects including criticism, discrimination even family or family membership?
I do not expect these women to stand up and talk about courage and deal with society.
Avoiding Kidnapping: It's Very Simple, Not Enough
In Yemen and the Arab Union, smoking is banned from health institutions only, but not at home.
In Mauritania, there is legal detention but not directly restricted.
In Iraq, slaughtering is prohibited in the Kurdish sect, but it is still legal in the central Iraqi region.
There has been signs of stopping keketing.
The years following the establishment of an institution for women’s rights, Egypt banned sex in 2008.
Sudan, in a political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, has become the first to ban spray in April.
But the implementation of the law is a major challenge because discrimination is still high and acceptable is also distributed widely.
Although laws are not an important weapon but they are still not enough.
Countries need a national plan and strategy that includes police, courts, health care providers, colleges and providing education to the community.
A series of regional disasters and dictatorial authorities have delayed reforms preventing campaigns and resources for survival and violations of women’s situation.
Now the world's attention has been directed to fighting COVID-19 and its effects on economics and many programs that are directly responsible for women's rights.
With many poor families and many girls who are being left from school or married in childhood, bullying is almost unknown in the region.
Photo by Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, a prominent literary and critic of the Nigerian government, was assassinated on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa near Kaduna, North Africa.
A year after her kidnapping, Dadiyata has yet to be found.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was kidnapped in his house in Kaduna state, Nigeria.
His appearances are yet to be known.
His family and friends are wanting answers to their questions: where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is the victim of loss #DayDay #FreeDadiyata.
Dadiyata was a student at the Public University of Dutsinma, in the province of Katsina.
As an opposition member of the People's Democratic Party, Dadiyata always chattered with the ruling People's Democratic Party members of the ruling People's Democratic Party (PDP).
Read More: Fear Rises against the kidnapping of Nigerian government critic
All institutions of the provincial and central government do not engage in anything
Dadiyata was violently taken by the kidnappers at 2 p.m. when she arrived at her home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, reported Premium Times.
Dadiyata's wife, Kadija in an interview with the BBC recalled that her husband was talking to the phone while the engine of her car was still crashing,
Although Kadija could not hear what was talking about or who was talking to him on the phone, she remembers his husband's kidnappers were following him and were coming back to him.
Dadiyata’s wife remained observing the window in their room while her husband was taken and left the kidnappers.
Worse, there is no information about Dadiyata.
It's so hurting, so horrifying how their children are asking their lost father, Kadija told the BBC.
Rather than searching for Dadiyata, Nigerian security agencies have continued to blame any kind of form of accusations related to his disappearance.
The National Defence Ministry of Nigeria, until January, continued to refuse to keep Dadiyata in detention.
The National Defence Department says that since Dadiyata was taken home by armed men does not mean they are Security Department officials.
Also, Kaduna State Attorney General, Aisha Dikko, refused to know where she was or responsible for Dadiyata's kidnapping.
It is whatever it is contrary to believing that if he was kidnapped in Kaduna then the state government is responsible, Dikko said.
However, the denial of National Security and the Kaduna state government did not eliminate Dadiyata’s wife and their two children nor restore her freedom.
Applications for the release of Dadiyata are still being broadcasted on Twitter under the hashtag #OneYearWithoutDadiyata, a demand for her freedom in the country.
Bulama Bukarti complained about the pain Dadiyata's family has caused:
It is surprising how a Nigerian can lose that.
We must continue to do all we can to unite Dadiyata and her family.
There is no place for such prostitution.
Those who kidnapped Dadiyata will come to pay the expenses.
If not now then it should be later.
This Twitter user was disappointed when he heard the interview of Dadiyata's wife:
I was shocked at hearing Dadiyata's wife interviewing @bbchausa, this morning.
The only thing she asks is the kidnappers to forgive him and let him back to his family, especially his small children.
Akin Akíntáyọ does not understand how  Dadiyata can die unknown for all years:
The only question I ask myself is how Dadiyata and her car died without leaving signs for the whole year in Nigeria; nor does the government have no concern about it.
Unfortunately, nobody cares about looking for the critic:
Irresponsibly all provincial and capital government institutions are struggling to avoid accusations of not doing anything said human rights activist Professor Chidema.
In addition to saying that they don’t know where, nobody has made an effort to tell us what they have done to find him and how they should not be involved with him.
This shows you how important we are as young people.
All we can do is ask where Dadiyata is and why does our government do not look for him?
Students in Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 on Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed militants stormed a high school in Kaduna, northwestern Nigeria on August 24 killing one man and killing four students and kidnapping four students.
Men with arms came and attacked Damba-Kasaya village in Chikun street government in Chikun state of Kaduna at 6.45pm on a motorcycle.
The armed men went to Prince High School where they kidnapped the teacher Christianah Madugu and four students, Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 9, and Miracle Danjuma.
Happy's father,  Isiaka Odoji,  told  Daily Trust, a Nigerian daily newspaper that the kidnappers are demanding Naira 20 million Naira (US$20 million).
The raped students were performing their primary school exams.
Due to the Coronavirus outbreak, only school students were allowed to go back to school.
Both the central government and the state of Kaduna remain quiet about the condolences of the abducted students and their teacher.
It's Ordinary Day in Nigeria
Twitter user Ndi Kato said the incident is an angry nation:
Today in Kaduna state, children in early classes who were ordered to continue school were kidnapped by armed men.
One person has been reportedly killed, the young man's life has been suspended, and others have left with them and we will never see them again.
This should harm any nation..
But it is still ordinary Nigeria complained to Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some students were kidnapped in Kaduna, one male student was killed during the incident.
The young man's life has been shut down, this should shock the nation, but NO, this is an ordinary day in Nigeria.
The judge blames politics for leading to the public lack of sympathy and anger against the kidnapping of students:
Abducted girls in Kaduna will not get the sympathy they experienced in Chibok girls because they are boys and then Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ ) is not the President.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was the president, when 276 girls from a government school were killed by militants of Boko Haram, from the northeast of Nigeria.
This kidnapping led to a worldwide process with the #ReturnOurDaughters with millions of reactions online.
Read More: Nigerians Celebrate the Return of 82 Chibok Girls in the Hands of Boko Haram
On February 19, 2018, Boko Haram arrested 110 female school students from a girls school of science and learning in Dapchi, Yobe, Northeast Nigeria.
Read More: Boko Haram students abducted by Boko Haram in Nigeria allegedly dead
The kidnapping of Damba-Kasaya students and their teacher is a repeated incident.
The only difference is that now those who are responsible for this horrific incident is not Boko Haram but armed militants.
The Kaduna Militant Brutality
Violent violence erupted in Northeast Nigeria in Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS, an independent human rights organization, confirmed that the violence is not related to Boko Haram's rebels:
The violent violence started as a conflict between livestockers and farmers in 2011 and growed further between 2017 and 2018 involving livestock, kidnapping and prostitution.
As of March 2020 more than 210,000 people have become defectors.
Rural communities have remained living by the harassment where between January and June this year around 1,126 people have been killed from northern Nigeria.
Southern Kaduna villages are the most attacked with 366 people killed in the first half of 2020, said the International Human Rights Organization.
Chikun LGA, a kidnapped student house has been experiencing attacks from militant groups which have included kidnapping and death along with the community.
People in Southern Kaduna claim that they are Fulani livestockers who are planning to loot their land, helped by the negligence of the government.
But Kaduna's state governor Nasir El-Rufai rejected the prosecution involved in land looting or religious ideology.
On August 22, the Kaduna state government ordered people not to displace domestically from 12 a.m. to 12 p.m., which in some areas is suspected to be part of the capital.
However, the South Kaduna People's Union spokesperson, Luka Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people don't go to their farms, our people are just missing.
Poet Henry Swapon and lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This collaboration is a collaboration of their photos widely shared on social networks.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their comments on their Facebook pages.
The arrest has raised questions among the community on social networks.
Arrest of Poet Henry Swapon
On May 14, poet and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested at his home in Barishal, in the Central Southern Bangladesh region.
He has been accused of violating Bangladesh Internet Security Act
A member of a small Christian community, Swapon had initially been charged with his brothers Alfred and Jewel Satkat for torturing the religious sentiments of the Muslims.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Swapan arrested under Internet Security Act!
#PoetFreedom #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #ExpressFreedom pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to Dhaka Tribune, Swapon posted a post on his Facebook page criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, a Bishop of the Roman Catholic Archdiocese in Bangladesh.
The Bishop chose to hold a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on April 22, 2019, just a day after a terrorist attack in Sri Lanka took place.
Swapon thought that the Bishop would postpone the concert in respect to the lives of the hundreds of people died in the attack.
Some Christians were angry about the language he used for the bishop and others even used threats to kill him.
Swapon has been a popular speaker online denying all kinds of obscenity and corruption in their city.
Netizen Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, the strategy of attacking activists by accusing them of hurting faithful sentiments has become common for Muslim leaders.
Now we see even changed Christians are also using this tactic.
I think those who hate this form of criticism are mental illnesses.
Government should develop treatment procedures for these patients.
We are forcibly denouncing the arrest of Poet Henry Swapon and demanding his immediate release without any conditions.
Arrest of Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood
On the morning of May 15, police arrested Supreme Court lawyer and journalist Imtiaz Mahmud under Section 2017 that is unapplied for currently, the Act of Prosecution.
Imtiaz Mahmood received a temporary bail when the case was introduced for the first time but the Khagrachhari court issued an arrest order in January 2014.
Mahmood contributed his opinion during the ethnic violence that took place after a Bengali motorcycle driver was killed in Khagrachhari, leading to a group of Bangladeshi motorcycle groups to arrest
Sources locally told Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take any steps to prevent the incident.
Hundreds of such charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when the Information and Communications Act changed the Internet Security Act.
Bangladesh represses social media.
Police have conducted a second detention in two days under the Internet Security Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested under the Information and Communication Act on Wednesday morning.
#FreeSpeech #ICTLawhttps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves the mountains and the people that live there.
They write about their rights.
I have never seen sedition words in his writings.
Something is wrongThere are a lot of mistakes.
I hope the mistakes will be corrected immediately.
PS: I have seen a lot of posts on Facebook which have negative languages and discrimination within.
If these people are being charged today, will the arrest warrant given them soon?
Many netizens have denied the arrest of the two, calling for the law to be revived.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
It is absolutely shameful.
The Bangladesh government is unable to guarantee public security but is trying to arrest people under a repressive Internet Security Law that is contrary to the Internet Security Law.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After Poet Henry Swapon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (arrested).
Freedom of expression is blocked.
I want all the brutal laws be restricted.
I want freedom of expression.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood immediately released.
Despite suggesting that the law would breach freedom of expression, the Bangladeshi parliament passed an Internet Security Law in September 2018.
This law took place in another repressive Information and Technology Law, which was also used as a tool to silence critics online.
The law punishes some online conversations ranging from harassment to religious conversations with huge fines.
It also allows long-term imprisonment for using the Internet to cause violence in society and for collecting, sending and sharing critical information and documents of government.
The Bangladesh Editors Council said that the law is contrary to the constitutional freedoms, media freedom and freedom of expression.
Read more: Bangladesh Freedom of Expression Activists say one Digital Security Law is aimed at harassing
The law provides a significant power to law management institutions to initiate investigation to anyone whose activities are seen to have dangerous or threatening to the public.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudan coup, the Sudanese interim authorities have signed a peace agreement with The Sudan Revolutionary Front  the largest rebel group that has continued to continue the revolutionary front
The historic peace agreement was signed on August 31, in Juba, South Sudan where it has the support of regional and international communities for the protection of South Sudan.
This exciting issue is also marred by a period of historic flooding that has affected some parts of Sudan, leading to a continued economic decline.
Still Sudanese netizens celebrated the news online.
Sudanese blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we volunteer, we back home.
The video shows the Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi announced their weapons on December 16, 2019, in support of the revolutionary movement.
Mini Arko Minawi, the leader of the SLMA, wrote:
Mini Arko Minawi.
Yesterday’s signature will put Sudan into a new trend, in parties and in the people of Sudan, organizations and civil society in collaboration with friends and neighborhoods.
We must create a strong platform for the new history of our country.
Sudanese Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed the peaceful agreement saying:
I send the peace that we signed today in our nation of Sudan to our children who have been born in refugees and camps, to our fathers and mothers who want for their lives, to our fathers and mothers
The agreement guarantees the freedom of administration of the rebel groups in their areas under the central control of the government.
The agreement will ensure that one-third of the parliamentary seats are from people from the rebel zones to submit their needs and issues.
The agreement also ensures justice and equality for all those who were charged by the previous administration, most of whom are not Muslims or Arab people.
This is not the first peace deal in Sudan's history.
Some netizens said that peaceful agreements are ordinary in Sudan and could not bring peace or peace.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
An event that happens once every 5-9 years is not a historical thing, just a conversation.
Abuja Peace Agreement  2006
Doha Peace Agreement  2011
Juba Peace Agreement   2020
Best wait before celebrating
Agreement Unfinished
Despite this exciting event, two rebel groups have not signed the agreement. The SLMA was led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the Social Liberation Movement (SLMA) was lead by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the
Three days after the signature of the peace agreement the Sudanese Prime Minister traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet al-Hilu to discuss the conflict.
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to eliminate stops in a peaceful conversation between Egypt and Iran.
This meeting led to the signature of an agreement that will guarantee the respect of the peace agreement in Juba.
Sudanese social networks were shut down with the dissemination of a copy of the agreement written in English, attention under Article 3 regarding the constitution.
A democratic nation must be founded in Sudan.
For Sudan to be a democratic nation where all people’s rights are respected, the constitution must be based on division of religion and nation  where personal rights must be respected.
Freedom of believing and wisdom and religious activities should be granted to all Sudanese citizens.
The government should not impose a national religion, no citizen will be discriminated because of his religion.
Sudanese citizens have been divided into two groups on this issue: the first group sees that exclusion of citizenship and religion is a fundamental principle of Biblic rights.
After the meeting, the Prime Minister's Twitter account published a version of the agreement in Arabic  with the content different from the original content.
While in the English publication is pointed out that it is impossible to divide between religion and nationality, in the Arabic publication it suggests a discussion about the religion and nationality
The differences between the two versions have raised questions about the future of the agreement.
Historic Peace, Historic Flood
As peace is bringing happiness in Sudan, the Nile River continues to flood causing unexpected disasters.
According to a September 8 report by the National Defence Council, there have been the deaths of 103, 50 people injured, 5,482 livestock deaths, 5,482 livestock deaths.
YouStorm on Twitter showed a video comparing the flow of water in the Nile River on July 16 and August 16:
Flooding in the Nile River in Sudan  July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinel2 Northern Khartoum.
Created for  #EOBrowser @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBFY9m
On September 3, the governor of Sinnar province Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced a state of emergency on his Facebook page:
The water supply of Nile River has increased this night because of the heavy rains that have caused the destruction of barricades and security walls that is a small dam built in the country.
Therefore we instruct all government authorities and non-profit organizations to come to help rescue the people as soon as possible and give them safe rescue services.
The situation is horrific:
In Sinnar Province | the city of Singa, the situation is horrific after the rain broke its restrictive wall allowing water from the Nile River to city.
Young Sudanese youth from Tuti Island built a wall to prevent flood water from entering their island.
It was a heroic act, tells Hassan Shaggag:
These are the ones who will build Sudan..and they are contesting now.
Sudanese citizens have a lack of necessary needs such as bread, gas, medicine and electricity - after six hours a day.
Sudanese financial loss is now 202 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, the transitional government has not yet been able to govern the market.
Now there is a promise for peace, what is the government’s strategy to ease the lives of citizens?
Student leader Jutatip Sirikhan covering white as a symbol of strike after his release.
Image and description from Prachatai
This article is from Prachatai, an independent news source in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a sharing agreement.
Thailand Student Union President Jutatip Sirikhan was arrested on his way to college on September 1, for participating in a massive Jubilee protest.
Jutatip was arrested in a car walking to classroom at Thammasat University in Tha Prachan campus in Bangkok.
He entered his Facebook account at 6:50 p.m. on September 1, when civilian police stopped a taxi which he stopped with people.
Jutatip was taken to lSamranrat police station.
A police officer joined him to the station on another taxi because he did not feel safe to carry the personal vehicle the police came to the station.
She continued to be a contributor on her Facebook page, reading a story Normal Knowledge translated into Thailand by Thomas Paine.
He was taken to Bangkok Criminal Court and granted bail and released at 6.20pm under the consultation of a lecturer from Thammasat University.
The court did not request him to pay at least 100,000 baht (USD 3,190) for the loan, but he was given terms that he would not return again.
Jutatip is the 14th activist arrested for taking part in the July 18 massive protest.
Other 15 other participants have received the call and reported to the Samranrat police station to hear their charges on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with sedition, contravening the Emergency Order and the Infection Disease Act, as well as other charges.
Jutatip came out in front of a criminal court after he was released and held a short conference.
The color can be cleaned, but we cannot clean the violence
I didn't plan to run before.
I knew that I had an arrest certificate
I have been waiting for being arrested for a long time, but it happened until today.
Every time someone is arrested should there be a bad word that we did not peacefully protest.
I am a student and I have been hit by soldiers for months, for years.
Why is there no compensation for me?
Why is there compensation for only the police who are dictatorship servants?
There should be a call first, but what happened was that the police came with an arrest warrant for me.
It is a high sense of abuse for the student.
They received me by checking my phone calls from where I live.
They have threatened people at my home, my family and sent an arrest warrant so we have to strengthen our protests.
Everything is according to the constitution.
We pay our taxes, we must be protected by the government not by the government.
So today, I expressed myself by promising that we could do this.
We must stand for our rights and freedom.
Painting ourselves is also something that can be done.
Then Jutatip sprayed a white stone in her body while throwing her hand to the three fingers of Hunger Games salute.
He said white reflects cleanness and justice, and they demand a return to justice.
We show that this is just, this is a kind of indication that we can do.
Even if it's painting right now, it's a way to show that we can paint ourselves anytime.
We can take the races of those who have power because they convict us and shoot us any hour no matter, because they have power.
The color can be cleaned but violence cannot be cleaned.
After that, Jutatip thanked the lecturer who bailed him with the people who came to support him and helped the crowd clean the color of the highway.
We will not stop fighting until we win everything, including the kingdom reform and a new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screenshot from the video on YouTube, by VideoVolunteers.
This post was written by Grace Jolliffe and originally released by Video Volunteers, an award-winning online volunteer group with a based in the United States.
The short-edited version is published below as part of a content-sharing agreement.
As India goes through the seven general election period divided into seven terms from 11 April to 19 May 2019 to elect its seventh Lok Sabha, some of India's political parties have taken place in the
Read More: What you want to know about Indian General Elections 2019
In Goa, Southern Indian state, residents of a small village located in Cancona (district area), Marlem village refused to vote on April 23.
Their main complaint is that key needs and services such as good roads and clean and safe water have never been given by the government.
A video by social media presenter Devidas Gaonkar, born from a Goan lion tribe called Velip, shows the villagers' protests:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, a resident of Marli village said that:
From Tirwal to Marlem is only three kilometers of road but not complete.
Until today no actions have been made by the authorities.
They only promise false promises with no implementation.
And therefore, we have not voted.
Marlem Village residents have been living in the village for over 20 years.
In 1968, the Department of Forest declared Marlem Village as a safe place for wildlife.
This makes road construction or any development work in the area difficult to implement.
According to the report, it is that a plan to pass a carbon power connection to the area had been passed but was blocked recently due to protests.
Another source of the crisis of the residents is the lack of good roads.
A person has to travel from the highway around 2.8km on a bad and uncleaned road so that he can find his first home in the village.
Finally, the supply of electricity and clean water for the villagers remains a challenge for the villagers.
Despite publicizing their complaints regularly, but failing to respond to their needs, residents of Marlem and residents from other villages have failed to respond to their needs.
The electoral commission staff came to talk to us about our decision to not vote and our stance is there, added Pandurang.
Isidore Fernandes, an opposition leader from the Indian National Congress and member of parliament in Cancona, also met local residents.
After listening to their concerns, he assured that he will help them deal with the situation.
It is important for any government to construct roads, supply electricity and water for their people.
So far all government officials have ignored providing these services in the village of Marlem, said   Fernandes.
Boycotting elections has now become a means of strike, though voting is not necessary in India.
Unlike the village of Goa, villages in Central Madhya Pradesh, Western Maharashtra, and Eastern Odisha have been using this tactic to protect themselves.
However, none of these strikes have been taken by the government.
Many voters have begun to use these tactics as a sign of expression of outrage to politicians and government officials who turn their own communities into their own communities.
But ultimately, if the referendum will not make a change in the society, what will the community decide to attract the ears of the authorities who should be able to attract the ears of the authoritie
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photo:  caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while covering news of the military crisis in the northern South African region, have been arrested.
Amade, who has been contributing to various media sources including Zitamar News and A Carta, was arrested on January 5 during an interrogation with the president of the country.
Germano, a journalist for the Nacedje community radio station, died on February 6 and was detained on February 18.
According to a report from the Southern African Media Federation (MISA), Amade and Germano were charged with spreading news of destruction of some of their leaders.
The journalists were released from the Mieze Prison in Pemba, Cabo Delgado's capital and are on prosecution during their prosecution.
The trial is scheduled for the first time on May 17.
Since 2017, groups with weapons such as guns have been organizing attacks in Cabo Delgado villages, burning houses and burning residents.
More than 90 people have been killed since the beginning of the attacks according to police reports.
As of today no group has appeared publicly to admit responsibility for the attacks.
In December 2018, newspaper A Carta de Moçambique proved the existence of a Facebook page, with a seemingly fake name where the page praises the people of Mozambique.
It is unclear whether charges against Amade and Germano are related to the page.
The journalist advocacy team says there is no connection between them and the page or other criminal acts on their Facebook pages.
The charges against these journalists are full of disappointment.
After Amade's detention, police put him under the Civil Rights Army.
He was placed in a military prison where he stayed 12 days without communication and then transferred to civil prison.
The three journalists were only charged on April 16, in violation of the last 90 days prohibition, violating the Detention and Detention Act of 2011.
During the continuation of the case during their detention both journalists were accused of criminalizing government secrets on social media.
These charges comply with the previous charges filed against them, which MISA interpreted them as  spreading destructive messages on some of the civil society leaders.
During his 106 days in prison, Abubacar experienced lack of food and health care, according to a report by the Human Rights Watch.
His family told @Verdade newspaper that they were banned from visiting Abubacar during his detention.
What happened to these journalists is part of the continuing abuse against media workers in Northern Mozambique.
Independent investigative journalist Estácio Valoi was detained in December 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for legal reasons.
He was later released without charges, but his working equipment remained in the hands of the military.
A Call for Justice
Cídia Chissungo, an activist and mobilizer of the #AmedeFreedom celebrated the news by saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are finally FREE after being detained for 4 months.
We really celebrate but we will not forget how everything started.
We have said ever since: Journalism is not a crime.
Thank you for supporting us
Angela Quintal, director of the Committee for Protection of Journalists (CPJ), in Africa said:
Now it is to make sure the charges are taken away and #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalism without fear of being arrested.
The fact is that he has taken away from being detained without charge for 106 days before the bail, not his humiliation.
He does not deserve charge!
A photo of Iranian Revolutionary leader Imamu Khomeini on a wall of a building in Sanandaj, the Iranian capital city of Kurdistan seen via Instagram
Photo by  Jordi Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman has described people who want to tell their home culture to people from around the world:
This idea was created through a roots system in Global Voices and explains the great work of social culture.
As our work focuses on supporting the division between outside perceptions on Iran and the reality within the country itself, Global Voices Iran has started a series of conversations on the Iranian c
This interview will be carried out to understand how and with how these individuals did their work through describing the outside Iranian community about Iran and their religion.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are growing
Golnaz Esfandiari is a senior host at Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists based in Iran writing for Iranian media.
Photo used with permission of Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, College of Journalism in English
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has grown and its benefits have also grown.
Government officials are admitting that and I also see many people in the country using social media.
I think since 2009, the use of social media has increasingly increased.
Some Iranians told me they have joined Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Twitter Revolution in Iran.
Social media helps conversation and sharing content that are banned or shameful and people discuss clearly.
People are also criticizing the policies and perceptions of the government on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You should be a journalist, psychologist, professor and reader of people's thoughts at one time
Iranian media investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, is the founder of the Tehran Institute of Information where they contribute to the Iranian media industry.
His project is one of the leading sources that provide a different view of the country in politics, culture and people.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and used with permission.
Read more: How  Kelly Golnoush Niknejad Institute connects Iran to the West.
On the bad view non-Iranians have against Iran, he explained:
When it comes to Iran, I often find myself going back to 1979 and describe the changes that have happened decade after decade to make the meaning of Iran.
Sometimes it becomes hard for Iranians to understand what is happening in Iran themselves to non-Iranians.
This shows how important it is to cover Iran differently, putting it in a special way to the ordinary people's lives.
When we reach the country with only information of academic and authoritarian information is not a fundamental or very important for us as journalists.
This is why even the most careful people following the news do not understand the basic things that happen in Iran.
Of course if they follow the news from the Tehran Institute they will get a different perspective.
Nina Ansary: I believe women will be at the forefront of any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is the author of Johari of God: Untold About Women in Iran, the first book to write about the view of equality for women in Iran.
A copy of the book Johari of God
The book explains how women have managed to build the current Iranian history and continue to do so, while continuing to deal with and stop the fundamental fundamentals of Iran.
Read more: A conversation with Iranian Women's Equality Writer Nina Ansary at a Night of Reform in Iran
Ansary said he had a positive view about the future of Iran and the role of the woman in it:
It is because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists did not get a certain response: women were not allowed to be judges but now serve as investigative judges.
Women were not allowed to study some of these disciplines, but over the years they have managed to move into disciplines that were most prominent by men such as medicine and physics.
I am cautiously looking for positive, but I believe women will be at the forefront of any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a black and white image but Iran is not.
It is like a Spreading Rainbow.
With more than 800 posts related to Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is The Guardian's first first volunteer correspondent who has volunteered writing about Iran.
Photo used with permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
His most reports are about human rights violations in Iran, but, as he said in a phone interview, the biggest problem for the Iranian media is that the mainstream media is that the mainstream media i
Iran is like the Rainbow, colorfully spread
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing on Iran for The Guardian
In the difficulty of writing about a country he is physically confronted, Saeed explains that:
As an Iranian I have my own sentiments about the country, but when I write his stories I try to sit a little bit sideway to eliminate discrimination.
But I am allowed to express my thoughts while writing the opposite news and I have been doing similar things.
I wrote about why Canada understood Iran badly and this led to the attempted foreign minister of foreign affairs accusing me of using Iranian protests.
I have been attacked by some people who have accused me of being working by Iranians and others have accused me of working in the UK.
I believe this is a sign of that I am doing my work well.
Omid Memarian: Turning your anger into a personal thing and not treating things personal is art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist based in New York.
Omid Memarian is a well-read Iranian journalist who is currently working in the United States and has been covering Iran stories for all English-language users.
Our interview seeked to understand the differences in writing about Iran by different language users and his experience as an international and outside Iranian journalist.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes her experience of writing and reporting in the Iranian social community as follows:
There were and still people in Iran who believe that by empowering social communities, political parties and press freedom, an Islamic government can change the role of the Islamic government.
On the other hand there are other forces that are struggling to prove that this is possible and one of them is to make the environment so dangerous that nobody can survive.
When I insisted to continue doing what I was doing, writing and inspired me about things I believed I was arrested and jailed.
Hooman Majd: Iran is not unique: the uniqueness here is that many people don't know much about Iran.
We are now in a reference to the US foreign policy.
Weeks ahead of the Obama administration, it is more likely that the US will leave its long-time project of reconnection with its long-time enemy.
In Donald Trump’s presidency which shows that it will be unique with difficult and brutal revolution, I think it is the time to sit down with the reporters and their reporters.
His books, articles and publications explain the dynamic of Iran that has broadly appeared in the US mainstream media during the British era.
Hooman Majd has been known as the voice of Iran in the West.
Photo of Majd by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: Conversation with Hooman Majd, a bridge between Iranian-American media.
As a bad view of Iran has brought lessons since from his 2008 book aimed at anti-Iranian society to American readers.
Ahmadinejad was the first to be exposed to the media, which is the first negative source of negative information.
But American Iranians and European Iranians have written a lot about their culture in recent times, and there are also a lot of visits to the country.
They now have a little understanding of it and there are a little books.
Iran is not something unique: but what is unique is that many people don't know much about Iran.
Protesters in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon.| Photo: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NINJA/Used with permission
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians took to the streets in all 26 states protesting against the Bolsonaro government's cut off education funds which would affect hundreds of schools in Brazil.
In late April, the Brazilian government announced to cut 30 percent of its supposed budget that was for the cost of water, water and supply.
When compared to the total government budget for higher education, it can rate up to 3 percent or 5 percent.
However, the government has cancelled sponsorship for about 3,500 higher education students.
From Paulista Street in São Paulo, the center for traditional rallies to the traditional farms in Alto Rio Negro, near the Colombian border, people have been taking place in the country.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of around 5,000 people marched with umbrellas as the heavy rains swept.
Sky image showing a large group of protesters in Paulista Street in São Paulo protesting the cuts of education and scientific research. #15M #TodosPelaEducação
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-05-15-at-21.00.30.mp4
Brazil has 69 public universities and a large number of universities and a large number of public universities and all offer free degrees and postgraduate degrees free without payment and some of the
Initially, the campuses were to be held at three universities but later were continued to all other universities.
Bolsonaro's education minister Abraham Weintraub said that it is not a bail but a restriction.
Weintraub explained that there is a challenge because public universities are a place of destruction.
Asked by reporters he explained examples of the destructionWhen mentioned the presence of massive community gatherings and the presence of nude celebrations.
Weintraub was appointed as minister in early April after his previous temporary seat was removed because of involvement in some conflicts.
The new minister has always been commenting on right-wing policies such as drugs were described in Brazil as a communist strategy, and the president has been described in Brazil as a communist strate
Some university heads have said that the closures would prevent their gates from opening early at the beginning of the second term in 2019.
The public prosecutor's office has sent a statement to the attorney general complaining about the violation of the Brazilian constitution.
Rio de Janeiro looks BEAUTIFUL!
Hundreds and thousands are holding Avenida Presidente Vargas in the night against the cuts of the budget for education and science.#15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #BrazilianEducation
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who are searching for WhatsApp groups in Brazil have found that there were a lot of conversations on the app after finding out that there were a
The research has created an app that will broadly monitor WhatsApp groups and will be used by an organization involved in examining truth in Brazil.
Leading researcher Fabrício Benevuto on his Facebook page on May 8 said :
[Images included] uncolored images/publications/events because of their headlines and topics.
There are pictures of people nude in the ceremony (which are not even at colleges) and several jokes by protesters saying it takes students 12 years to graduate because they are not going to graduate
This is clearly a planned intention.
In the same electoral campaign.
Who sponsors this fake news industry?
An article on the website Ciência na Rua (science on the street in Portuguese) argues that public universities produce 95% of scientific research in Brazil.
A survey conducted by US-based company Clarivate Analytics in 2018 shows that out of the 20 best research producers, 15 are part of the government research network.
On the day of the protests, Minister Weintraub was called to give an explanation about the cuts of the budget in the Congressional Assembly.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of love and heroicity #TsunamiDaEducacao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro later took to the state of Texas in the United States where he met with former US President George W. Bush.
When asked about the protests the president said:
It is normal [that the protests have happened], now the majority of the people there are nothing in the head.
If you ask them 7 times, they don't know.
If you know to ask them about the water structure they will not be known, they don't know what.
They are illiterate and profitable and have been used by a few wise individuals who lead several public universities in Brazil.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime has experienced dozens of bureaucracy while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Screenshot from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime on YouTube.
In Uganda, female digital journalists who use digital tools to report, comment and access to information are experiencing attacks and violence because of their digital communication.
Online crimes have become a new tactic of censorship.
Female journalists are carrying dozens of bulks of gender brutality online including threats to political coverage.
These continuing threats have led to female journalists out of public discussions and leaving the profession of journalism.
Read More: The expense of being a different opinion: The dynamic of social media in Uganda
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Wazabanga via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who worked for Kenya Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, was arrested.
While Biira was in their home, Ugandan security forces clashed with the Rwenzururu Kingdom guards in the Rwenzori region of western Uganda, and their presidential palace was demolished.
The shooting clashes resulted in the deaths of 62 people, including 16 policemen.
Biira wrote his feelings about the military attack in a comment on Facebook on November 27:
It is very sad what I saw today with my own eyes  a part of the kingdom where I came from, Rwenzururu Kingdom, burning in fire.
I felt like I was watching the heritage destroyed before my eyes.
On the same day, Biira was arrested and accused of sharing controversial photos of the horrific clashes between security forces and the Rwenzururu king's guards.
He also published an Instagram video of the king's house burning and wrote his story on Facebook, CPJ report said.
Ugandan security forces allegedly forced Biira to delete social media posts and his digital devices, according to a report.
Biira was charged with support of terrorism for capturing videos of a military attack in the kingdom  a crime with a punishment of death under the Arab Spring Code.
However, a day later, he was released on bail.
The Biira case generated serious criticism on social media with hashtags such as #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The netizen accused Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni of his silencing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni should stop silencing journalists.
This is a great violation of human rights in our continent.
Biira's advocate, Nicholas Opiyo, published a tweet highlighting Biira's official charges:
A bail copy of Joy charged with terrorism (humor!)
#journalism is not crime @KTNKenya @KTNKenya  #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that Biira's case was taken down and cancelled in March 2017 after the authorities conducted an investigation and lacked evidence to file his charges.
Unlike other cases like these, one takes the bulk into personality but remains a feeling of abuse, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also a former director of the National Association of Justic
Opiyo added that staying in jail for days and experiencing the pain of being arrested is a feeling that never comes to anyone.
Internet attacks
It is very rare for female online journalists to gain justice, and often have hard time to make sure their complaints are complete.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitware, host of NTV Uganda, defended Stella Nyanzi, an educated activist who criticized Museveni’s administration for being involved in the presidential election
Authorities forced Uwitware to delete its Twitter and Facebook posts of support for Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and kidnapped by anonymous people for nearly eight hours, according to Uganda's Human Rights Report.
Her kidnappers were allegedly interrogating her about her relationship with Nyanzi, beating her and hanging her hair.
Read more:  Is the nude of a woman's naked nude?
Women activist Stella Nyanzi continues to struggle in court
Uwitware was later found at a police station in Kampala.
However, the authorities have not released any information about the investigation of his kidnapping.
Political journalists  especially those who look at opposition politics often see more threats compared to those who look at opposition politics.
But female journalists have a worse situation because the government believes they are weak and are being easily threatened, according to Mukose Arnold A.
When it comes to sexual harassment, female journalists are afraid of putting themselves out while few explain that most of them end up experiencing it once again.
Women’s journalists experience more psychological effects, violations of their privacy, destruction of their identity, reduction of their opportunities to access, and lowering their opportunities t
And, according to the Human Rights Network for Journalists-Uganda survey 2018, 12 percent of female journalists have experienced conflicts and violations, including sexual abuse.
Three quarters of female journalists have faced violations in the hands of government officials such as police, district heads and other security officials.
Attacks and violence
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has experienced attacks and violence during her work as a female reporter.
Photo via Bahati Remmy's Paydesk account, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan journalist who is currently working in the United States, told Global Voices that she had left journalism in Uganda because she was concerned about whether she did not work in
Ugandan police arrested Remmy while producing a privately owned NBS television in order to monitor home restrictions.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police created a silence while preventing reporters from looking at information about Besigye.
The police put my breasts in their vehicle, robbed me at the station and left me naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also followed and harassed by a police officer on Facebook because the Ugandan government thought he had collaborated with Besigye to destroy the country's images.
He told Global Voices that a text message from anonymous people was left in his dormitory, threatening to kidnap him if he refused to provide secret secrets of the way he wanted to protect him.
After the Remmy arrest case, the Human Rights Network of Uganda organized a referendum to the situation about the incident.
They asked: The Ugandan police claimed that NBS reporter Bahati Remmy violated legal instructions and also prevented the police from doing their work through the arrest.
Do you agree with this?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a weak reason and a false lie because there is a video clip showing how Bahati was arrested.
Police should stop explaining their problems to the reporters.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Whoever tries to educate people about the situation of the nation should be arrested.
A big problem coming in Uganda soon.
What is angry for me is that anyone who tries to speak something in support of the current regime is treated as a rebel and it is the requirement for the people of Uganda to open.
Many female journalists in Uganda have left the job especially those criticizing the government fear of attacks and discrimination by the regime.
Journalists have explained that government and security forces call editors and order them not to publish negative information.
These attacks are not reported especially by women  leading to a difficult understanding of the reality of the problem.
Remmy boycotted the Ugandan government to the Ugandan Human Rights Commission, but nothing has happened today about his case.
The commission lacks the freedom to decide on those who submit complaints against the government.
His seven members, including his chairman, are appointed by the president, with permission of the Parliament.
They are beautiful, Remmy said, adding: They have a collection of cases, and most of the cases they want to hear are submitted by the government.
Most of the threats that are facing women online journalists are closely related to those of violence against them online.
Remmy believes the rights, status and gender of female journalists should be considered always because attacks against women repress the journalism sector.
When Uganda is preparing for presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, attacks and harassment on female journalists and government should be stopped because the country's president and govern
Freedom of journalists remains an ignored child in the country's system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post is part of a series called Identity Map: A platform to control Online Threats Against Freedom of Expression in Africa.
The project has been financed by the African Digital Rights Foundation and the Collaboration for International ICT Policies for East and South Africa (CIP).
Tree roots on a 15th-century wall in Kilwa Island, Tanzania.
In 1981, the rocks of the Swahili sultan on the island were declared UNESCO World Heritage Zone.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
Editor's note: This personal post was written following a Twitter campaign by Global Voices Sub-Saharan Africa in the first place.
According to the United Nations Organization for Education, Science and Culture (UNESCO), language and cultural diversities are strategically important to people around the world in their development
These differences in language and culture pushed the UNESCO general congress to declare the International Mother’s Language Day (IMLD) in November 1999, a day celebrating the International Mother
To promote the IMLD, the United Nations (UN) announced the International Year of Indigenous Languages (IYIL 2019), to consider the risks of devastating indigenous languages around the world.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken around the world, 28 percent of which are spoken in Africa.
Despite this, English is leading online in the region.
Twenty years ago, 80% of the world's content was based on English.
Currently, however, English-language content is reportedly declined between 51 to 55 percent.
The rumorous question, hereby, is: is the decline indicating that now people prefer their native languages more than English, given that only less than 15 percent of the population prefers to English
Swahili: The Emergency of Development?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union, low and English, Portuguese, Portuguese, Spanish and Arabic.
Swahili is also the widespread national language of members of the East African Community (EAC).
Rwanda, a member of the EAC, through its lower parliament, passed the bill to make Kiswahili an official language in 2017 aside from Kinyarwanda, French and Indonesian.
Instead of using for administrative purposes, Swahili will be included in the country's educational profile.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government announced the establishment of a national Swahili Council.
Article 6 (2) of the Ugandan Constitution also establishes that Kiswahili will be the second official language in Uganda and will be used as the Parliament capable of approving it.
In 2018, South Africa, with its 11 official languages, declared Kiswahili as a voluntary lesson in its profession, starting in 2020.
In 2019, the Southern African Development Community (SADC) approved Kiswahili as its fourth official language.
Swahili Online Visual
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Aside from being a widely spoken African language, speaked by nearly 150 million people in East Africa, the lake region, southern Somalia, and other regional regions of the continent, the African wor
John Walubengo, a lecturer at the Kenyan University of Multimedia, compares in an article in Nation, a daily magazine in Kenya, that lack of language and communication are the most important factors
Walubengo explains that many traditional cultures end up identifying themselves with English-language activities.
This sad fact can only be changed if native communities struggle to protect their identity online and offline, he says.
However, it's not surprising.
There are several organizations that have volunteered on the frontline to develop and promote Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), an international multi-stakeholder organization that monitors the DNS, IP addresses and free IP numbers, introduced the International Name Names (ICANN), an international organization which
The characters are then encrypted into Unicode and used as permitted by the IDN districts, a set of qualities described by the Internet Architecture Board (IAB), the Internet Architecture Board (IAB)
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is an industry leadership community, run by ICANN, which organizes online communities to one billion online users.
It is achieved through a process called Global Acceptance (UA), which ensures that software and software supports all regional regions.
UA serves netizens around the world in their original languages and in the names of regions that identify their culture.
Therefore, promote a multilingual network.
ICANNWiki
The unprofitable organization that provides community weekly weekly pages on ICANN and Internet Management, has long partnered with national organizations and organizations that have contributed to t
This has allowed East Africans to build, translate and add the Week's resources in their views, languages and attitudes.
This Kiswahili project  which I as a journalist have officially engaged in  has covered the content related to Internet Management by preparing a content-sharing project.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, a global volunteer community with volunteer volunteers focusing on translating and development of digital security guidelines and digital security devices such as social media.
These technologies observe security, privacy, and harassment to ensure indigenous language activists have safe languages to access to information online.
Localization Lab has translated more than 60 devices in 180 different languages around the world,
Kondoa Community Network (KCN)
KCN is the first community testing the popular TVWS wireless technology, a non-connected TV streaming technology that uses unused TV streaming technology to connect to social media.
KCN trains villagers to create and become hosts of natural content beneficial and contextual content.
Matogoro Jabhera, founder of KCN and assistant lecturer at the University of Dodoma, Tanzania, told Global Voices on Skype, that she believes in the future of the country.
Billion followers online
The world is expected to connect the next billion netizens online and 17 million of these users are estimated to be connected using languages such as IP addresses.
Therefore, the lack of natural content may have a significant impact on digital inclusion.
Obviously, it will affect digital rights in particular, access to the Internet, the right to access to information online, and the right to use their native languages to create, engage, and engage in
Therefore it is important to put in place strategies to develop the development of ICT and services, as well as using native languages, to ensure digital inclusion in the country.
This move, supported by other efforts such as manufacturing of learning and learning materials, and rural reading and writing programs, could be an important role in the country.
Finally, this process will force the protection, respection and promotion of all African and microlingual languages online as achieved under the principles of the Convention on Internet.
The Mantic Identity Project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation  run by the International Cooperation for ICT Policies for Africa.
TEDGlobal Internet room.
Creative Commons image by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, through its authors in Sub-Saharan Africa in collaboration with the Rising Voices Project, will carry out a Twitter campaign on Twitter in the country.
Read more: 'MatrikiIdentity': A new initiative to promote digital rights in Africa
As a continuation of the Towards Freedom: Politics and digital rights in Africa, this five-week social mobilization campaign will support the community and the rights of the community.
The project is funded by the Digital Rights Foundation Africa  and the Collaboration for International ICT Policies for East and South Africa (CIPE).
Global Voices is among the beneficiaries of the grant.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Bambara, Igbo, Khoekhoe, Swahili, Yorùbá, as well as French and English.
They will also share their own experiences and understanding from a linguistic perspective on the challenges threatening digital rights.
The conversation will question how independent online threats are affecting online content in African languages; the spread of fake information in African languages; the spread of fake information an
They will also look at the issue of organizational policies, as well as the continuing challenges that can affect how citizens are able to express themselves in their language.
Meet the organizers of the discussion on Twitter
This Twitter discussion will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda (Khoekhoe/ki-N|uu/English) from South Africa, Adéṣínà Ghani Ayẹni (ki-Yorùbá/english) from South Africa, and Adéṣínà Gha
Some of the participants participated in the online campaign @DigiAfricanLang  in celebrating the International Language Action 2019.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a Khoe speaker, Kuwiri culture or activist, is a writer fighting for the reform of Khoekhoe and n|uu, the two first languages in the world.
Khoekhoe is spoken in Namibia, it is read in schools, but in South Africa, which is its headquarters, only 2,000 people speak it, not an independent language.
The Kin|uu language has only one speaker, not an officially recognized language, in schools, and is at risk of disappearing.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used with permission.
April 27-May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but originated in Burkina Faso.
He is the editor-in-chief of RFI mandenkan, a Bambara-language newsroom for Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in Bambara.
Before that, he thought it was impossible to do journalism in Bambara.
Samogo is the language of Traoré's mother, although she had Dioula in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
Malians call it Bambara, Guineans call it Malinke, others call it Mandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom Ozurumba (@blossomozurumba)
Blossom Ozurumba.
Photo used with permission.
Ozurumba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from the Igbo to the good.
Ozurumba is enthusiastic with the Igbo language and culture and has volunteered to ensure some people learn something about speaking, writing and reading.
Ozurumba is the founder of an Igbo group of Wikimedia users and may often start conversations about the Wikimedia Foundation without pressure.
She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the calmness and the atmosphere of the modern city.
May 11-15: Ọmọ Yoòbá (@yobamoodua)
Adéṣínà Ayẹni.
Photo used with permission
Adéṣínà Ayẹni, also known as Ọmọ Yoòbá, is a journalist and cultural activist who uses her journalism work to develop the country's culture.
As a voice artist, he has produced a number of Yorùbá campaigns for Nigerian radio and TVC.
She is the founder of the Yobamoodua Cultural Heritage, a volunteer platform to spread the language and culture of Yorùbá.
Amọ Yoòbá is also the language manager of Global Voices Yorùbá.
She is a Yorùbá language teacher at tribalingua.com where she teaches students from around the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer translators and users, software developers, and connectors that work for software translations.
Yoòbá has written a book called: Ẹyà Ara Ẹdá Ọmọ Ènìyàn, a collection of illustrations based on the anatomy and the body structure of human body and plants that have been published in
She is a research participant at the Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
A writer, natural content maker and activist, a teacher, researcher, and a consultant on internet management and policy.
She is the founder of ICANNWiki Swahili, a dictionary website committed to promoting, translating, articles and 10,000 editions of Internet management to Kiswahili in the future.
Witaba also runs a youth project aimed at building the competences of students, educators, and individuals in the private sector and; government, through professional courses and workshops.
Protesters demand the removal of former President Robert Mugabe (now dead) from office on November 18, 2017.
Image by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes (Free to use).
In the early morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabweans were waking up with news that the leader, late Robert Mugabe, had been removed from power in the early morning of November 15, 2017.
Major General Sibusiso Moyo, who is currently minister of foreign affairs, announced on national television that the president was safe under government security and that he would stay in the country
Soon after General Moyo's announcement, Zimbabweans poured with excitement on social media  especially WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook  to share their experiences.
For the first time, the new popularity of social media to enable access to information and promotion of protests raised roots among Zimbabweans, while protesters were demonstrating their roots in the
The new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, once again challenged the power of social media.
As former security minister, Mnangagwa also recognized the importance and role of misinformation in Zimbabwe's political industry.
In March, 2018, recognizing and recognizing the political authority that has behind himself and to ensure victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections in March 2018, he has already recogni
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, his plan has strengthened the conflict of false misinformation and false information, leaving Zimbabweans with a few sources of information in the country.
While the new government claimed to condemn false information with information spread on social media which they considered threatening to the incumbent administration, the new government considered
The lack of freedom of expression online
Zimbabwe has seen a significant increase in Internet usage on mobile phones and social media in the past few years.
The internet spread rate increased by 41.1 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 52.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while the spread of mobile phones was lowered.
This means half of the population has now been connected to the internet, compared to only 11 percent in 2010.
However, misleading and false information have also experienced several reasons: massive media division, government proposals, proposals by the government, and the government proposals.
During the January 2019 protests against the government in January, when security forces detained and attacked hundreds of protesters, reports of repression have been taking place.
The government blocked access to the internet to disrupt the traffic of news and created confusion.
Government officials and their supporters also used the misinformation tactics of misinforming the protests and doubting doubts about the real information by using their Facebook pages.
Usually, in Zimbabwe, citizens consider any information given by government ministers as accurate.
For example, Deputy Minister of Information Energy Mutodi came to convince people that everything was ok and that videos and photographs of soldiers shooting their doors would not have been accused o
Mutodi also misleaded the nation when he claimed on the national television that there was no internet shutdown but there was a change on the internet.
In another suspected government-supported news fraud, millions of people were blocked on social media during the January 2014 protests.
Some downloaded the Virtual Private Network (VPN) software to continue reporting, however the information was shared widely.
In March 2019, while the Human Rights Watch (HRW) published a report condemning the government's brutal use of censorship of protests in South Korea, the government control of protests in South Korea
One user tweeted that the organization was spreading public lies and called it a colonial colonial organization that was granted to protect the country's political interests.
Another referred to the government's claims and complained that the violence was a result of hooligans who were trying to destroy the president.
And misinformation about government policies and other public interests continued to emerge after the January protests.
Recently, members of the ruling ZANU PF party recently used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr.Peter Magombey, an executive President of the National Assembly of National Uni
He was arrested on September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a strike in the health sector.
ZANU PF youth affairs secretary described Magombey as an irresponsible and illegitimate professional.
An account labeled ZANU PF Patriots said the reports of his assassination were fake.
Some spread false allegations that doctors killed many patients during the strike, including more than 500 people in one hospital.
A conversation of Zimbabwe's history
Media censorship in Zimbabwe focuses on the 20th century colonial policies, which were banned for violence to confront in front of elections.
The Rhodesian government led by Ian Smith focused on propaganda and media censorship as its best weapon, not only supporting the government's legitimacy but also supporting the government's legitimac
The colonial government passed a number of large numbers of repressive expression laws or against Smith’s racial policies and implemented these laws violently to target Smith’s citizens.
Media censorship was normal before the independence of 1980, and this exposed the government to communication policies and management of media.
As prominent South African journalist and writer Heidi Holland, in his book, Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter:
Many people in the ZANU PF ideology have lived in the brutality that has been placed in their daily lives so much as normal.
The forest war, or the second Chimurenga War, has not completely ended in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnangagwa is continuing his legacy, repressing critics' voices through online fake information and shutdowns.
This post is part of a series of publications that investigate the interference of digital rights through methods such as internet blockading and misleading of privacy.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Protesters attend the June 2018 Women Protest in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo by Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the internet has become a target of confrontation when the government tries to silence the growing opposition voices online.
Over the years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to repress the opposition and return the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to the ruling party.
This includes blocking media websites, SMS filtering and blocking social media platforms.
As the 2021 Ugandan general elections are near, administrative leaders are expected to use such tactics.
2016 election closure
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders were forced to block all social media platforms.
The first block was implemented on February 18, 2016, during the presidential vigil, and affected social media platforms and money services.
The ban lasted for four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and mobile money services were once blocked.
The detention lasted for one day and took place a day before President Museveni succeeded his fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
Opposition against his administration is strengthening: According to an opinion poll released in April 2019, most Ugandans are protesting against the 2017 decision to remove the status qualification
During all the shutdowns in 2016, the Ugandan government mentioned the reason was national security to censor the internet.
The violence was ordered by Ugandan security forces and the Ugandan Communications Commission of Communications (UCC), which administrates the sector of communication, online publication, broadcastin
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a telecommunication service provider, released a statement on Twitter confirming that the UCC, had ordered MTN to shut down their networks on February 18, 2016.
The order also affected other mobile phone operators such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On the same day, President Museveni told journalists that he ordered the blocking of social media: Measures should be taken for security to prevent people from accessing social media.
On March 17, in an official statement during the Supreme Court decision where President Museveni's victory was opposed, UCC managing director Godfrey Mutabazi explained to Twitter:
The imprisonment interferes with the daily rights and lives of Ugandans who use online platforms and social media platforms to get information, express opinion and carry out businesses.
Weeks before the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the elections using the hashtags #UgandaDecides and #UGDebate16.
Uganda’s level of online participation was inspired by the first televised presidential debate, the first on June 14, 2014.
Despite social media blocks, many Ugandans continued to post election information using a private network known as a VPN.
On the election day, citizens were able to share the latest news about the delay of voting materials at various polling stations, electoral fraud and electoral fraud.
Human rights activists say that strategic shutdowns during election shutdowns decrease the speed of communication, just when access to information and speech of the president is increasing.
The internet blocks people from talking about certain issues that affect them, such as health, connections with friends and also political exchange, says Moses Owiny, who says.
According to Owiny, the imprisonment is intended to prevent opposition in politics on the basis of the government's fear that public opinion can incite the public, a claim that he believes that the p
Uganda's history of blocking online platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to temporarily block access to Facebook and Twitter for 24 hours in order to eliminate connection and exchange.
The order was issued during the heated walk to work protests led by the opposition following the high fuel and food prices.
The communication authorities said that security forces called for the block of social media in order to prevent violence.
In 2011, the elections were subjected to a filter of SMS messages with words including Egypt, bullet and people power.
Ahead of the 2006 general elections, UCC ordered Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block the access to Radio Katwe’s website for publishing bad and false information about the country’s politi
Ugandan authorities blocked the access to broadcasts of the radio station and the Daily Monitor by publishing free electoral results.
These platforms were quickly returned but only after the electoral commission announced the official results.
2021 Elections: Similar Tactics?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Photo: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [CC BY 2.0].Since 2016, the authorities have continued to arrest opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, popularly known as Bobi Wine, a singer and leader of People Power opposition party, who is also a member of parliament, has already announced his plans to win the elections.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges of insulting the president and if found guilty, he will not be allowed to run.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the administration targeted six opposition members, including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before August 15 small elections in Kenya.
Police and army arrested the group and 28 others on August 13, 2018, and charged them with trafficking.
They were later released on bail.
The same day, police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, while covering the elections and the violence related to the elections.
Read more:  #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2021 elections are near, it is likely that the Ugandan administration will continue repression of the opposition, including blocking social media.
Indeed, since the 2016 elections, there has been no change in the legal system that allows governments to prohibit the right to freedom of expression and access to information.
According to the 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Act gives UCC more power and operates under Article 5 that allows Internet freedom in Africa.
On the request of the government, the UCC used this part to order Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block access to social media and mobile money during the elections.
The government continues to use these laws to regulate public discussions and silence political opponents, especially during elections.
Owiny argues that the government is able to shut down the internet whenever it seems important: When government’s safety and citizens’ security is increasing, the government’s security and the
NGOs and human rights advocates have been preparing themselves in Uganda so that similar closures took place in 2016.
Several organizations have written a joint letter to the African Community and regional organizations condemning the Ugandan authorities' decision to ban Internet access during the decade.
Unwanted Witness Uganda presented the Ugandan government to court, including Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and the Ugandan Communication Control (UCC), in a case relating to the Ugandan governmen
The organization highlighted that the government’s internet blocking violated Uganda’s rights to freedom of speaking and expression as explained in the Facebook page.
However, the judge ruled that the prosecution side failed to prove any violations as a result of the imprisonment, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
To achieve this block of internet access  especially during the next elections  will require more advocacy.
Owiny suggested the need for digital rights activists to increase the conversation between government and private sector to express the dangerous impacts of the suspension because the private sector
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to issue an Access to Information Act (ATIA) law, known as the Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2011.
It promises to provide effective, easy, transparent and accountability that will enable the public to easily access and participate in decisions that affect them as indigenous citizens.
Will the government perform its role in promoting the right to information?
And will he fulfill his promises?
This post is part of a series of publications that investigate the interference of digital rights through techniques such as internet blockading and misleading information.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from DCMA School performing different musical instruments at Old Customs Building, Old Customs, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of visitors visiting the Old City, Zanzibar, an ancient city known for historically historic island, watch the sound of music broadcasting from DCMA, the music broadcasting from Tanzania's
Since 2002, the school has been promoting and promoting the unique Zanzibar culture mixing Arab, Hindi and African traditions through music.
17 years since the introduction of the school, it is clearly facing a serious financial situation threatening its closure.
Nearly 70 percent of the 80 students at the school are unable to pay the education fee, which is US$13 per month, according to a report by the University of Schools.
Although the school has been receiving international funding and friendly organizations, it is now facing a large barrier that may force the closure of the school.
Without reasonable money to enable its operations to continue, DCMA students and teachers are concerned that the usual voices of breaking up from the lines of the jet will continue.
The school not only teaches and promotes traditional culture and heritage through music, but it is also operated by a huge group of young musicians looking for another alternative to their music.
A DCMA student learning to play a traditional Taarab music instrument.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We have started to face a poor financial situation, says Alessia Lombardo, Managing Director of DCMA, in the official DCMA video.
From now to the next six months, we are not sure that we can be able to pay teachers and other workers.
Currently, 19 teachers and a few other staff have not been paid their salaries for more than six months because the school has been struggling to find aid.
Although the islands are known for attracting many tourists because of their luxurious beaches and luxurious hotels, many locals are suffering from unemployment although the wealth of the islands is
For over 17 years, DCMA has worked tirelessly to promote and protect Zanzibar’s biggest heritage through music.
Where is the place where the birthday of the Taarab music legends and popular singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Ms. Fatuma Binti Baraka.
Of course, Zanzibar is the home of a cultural and collaborative mix that emerged through the cultural and solidarity between the Coastal Swahili over hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn traditional music such as taarab, dance and dumbak, along with other instruments such as dance, qanun and oud, as security guards and translators of the world.
Neema Surri, a violin player at DCMA school, has been learning to play the instrument since she was 9.
I know many young people who want to learn music but cannot afford a small fee because of poverty and unemployment, Surri said in DCMA's video.
DCMA students perform at Old Customs House, where their school is, Old Customs, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After finishing DCMA workshops, Doctorate and Ph.D. courses, many DCMA students may work on international platforms as prominent bands.
Zanzibari Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa along with her band Zanzibar.
In collaboration with fellow DCMA students, who are also former DCMA students, he released his first album, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, continuing to continue his music series.
Here is the band's song Nielewe and its video, which shows the Zanzibar atmosphere telling the story of a woman facing violence.
Read more: East African Women in Music Industry Sing Against Men's Rule
A history of cultural integration and collaboration
More than 15,000 visitors have passed through the school to enjoy performances, workshops and classes as well as meeting DCMA musicians representing the country.
With the atmosphere of India, Arabic and African history, the school is enjoying being a combination of cultures, with a culture connected to the region.
The Sultan of Oman, a popular king of the 17th and 19th century, moved his rule from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From the Old City, Omanian rulers operated sea trade, including coins, gold, garments, garments, relying on their travels by the wind forces.
Young people in Zanzibar recognize the importance of understanding their history to identify whether their future with the music they make today expresses the desire to bridge the bridge between the
DCMA students and their teachers launched TaraJazz, a combination of traditional Tarab and modern jazz.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to pick a violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the bands looking for a jazz band.
The Swahili Coast tells a story of a mix of culture and DCMA is promoting this tradition through a musical collaboration.
Every year, the school organizes a project called Swahili Encounters,  (Swahili Encounters) that meets known musicians from Africa, Middle East, Africa and the United States.
At the end of the meeting, the new artist teams meeted are required to perform at the Voices of Wisdom, and often they live in a peaceful friendship.
DCMA organizes a weekly performance to show the talents of its students and friends visiting the musicians, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
The DCMA School understands that music raises and unites people regardless of their culture and it also hires talented young people living in an uneconomic society.
With the 1,800 students who passed the DCMA course, the school is the only musical home they know, where they can learn and grow up as musicians.
A tourist from the Spain, who visited DCMA recently, wrote on TripAdvisor: Personally, the meeting with the musicians was during the evening.
While Zanzibar’s tourism sector continues to grow, the DCMA School believes that music plays an important role in celebrating, preserving and promoting Zanzibar’s culture.
Zanzibar is more than the beaches and its luxurious hotels  it is a place full of talented talents emerging in a big history of collection and unity.
Editor's addition: The author of this article used to volunteer at a DCMA school.
Sierra Leone: Health workers preparing for treatment for Ebola patients.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
On August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on the development of clinical testing of several Ebola drugs.
WHO noted that the tested Ebola drugs have shown positive results with positive results for Ebola people, and continued to explain that the two drugs will be available to survive the disease.
Who is responsible for this Ebola treatment?
His Excellency Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) in the DR Congo, invested a large part of his life in biomedical resea
While international media are being reporting massively about how the Ebola outbreak is causing high deaths in Congo, reports of the country's highest numbers of casualties have been reporting on the
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : that we will no longer say that the Ebola disease is not treatable.
Following Muyembe-Tamfum's important work, scientists tested four Ebola treatment drugs: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN-EB3.
The response to medical testing conducted by 499 participants showed that patients treated with REGN-EB3 or mAb114 were higher rates of infection.
The study was conducted under the consideration of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Congolese Ministry of Health and other three international organizations.
Congolese citizen responsible for Ebola treatment
Muyembe-Tamfum has been researching related to the Ebola outbreak since the first report of the disease was reported in Congo in 1976 when she was a researcher in the country.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Democratic Republic of #Congo and his colleagues have discovered a treatment that has been discovere
The professor of medicine at the University of Medicine in Kinshasa- the Democratic Republic of Congo, has spent nearly 40 years to treat the disease.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the implementation of a project he worked with WHO in implementing  training strategies for treatment of the disease after residing in the United States.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (sitting in a voice) speaks during a public education exercise in Beni, Northern Kivu, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this discovery, Ebola victims are now hoping to receive immediate attention and transfer to hospitals.
As 90 percent of the patients are able to be accessed to health centers and receive treatment and return back aged, they will begin to believe in the medicine and build beliefs in the medicine.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Reasons for Ebola treatment to be given
The first Ebola cases were reported in 1976 near the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for the Prevention and Prevention of Diseases (CDC), since then, the Ebola virus has been outbreaking frequently from natural sources (which have been spreading throughout the
Ebola outbreaks since 1976.
Screenshot from the Center for the Prevention and Treatment of Diseases
Between 2014 and 2016 there were more than 28,600 people infected with the Ebola disease in West Africa.
According to WHO's 2015 report:
In 2014 Senegal had one Ebola case with no reported deaths.
WHO announced Nigeria’s Ebola prevention measures as part of a rapidly spreading disease.
In January 2015, Mali was reported to have 8 Ebola cases and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was worse between March and June 2016 in three countries: Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people suffered from the disease, including more than 100 deaths.
General information on the International Ebola Disease
The heavily effective Ebola outbreak in African countries sparked silence and fear in 2015 when two Ebola cases were reportedly dead in the United States.
GabyFleur Böl, a researcher at the Institute for Crisis Evaluation in Berlin, Germany, reported other reports of Ebola cases in Spain, Italy, and Spain.
At that time, Ebola was considered a death sentence because of lack of reliable treatment.
As Böl already said, the high rate of Ebola deaths and  and also sometimes malicious media reports about the disease of the epidemic.
Similar reports were also contributed to 2017  study in which Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed  more than 100,000 reports on the country
They discovered three main times about Ebola news on mainstream media and blogs in the United States which took place on July 27, September 28, and October 15.
On July 27, it was first reported that US doctors working in Liberia were infected with Ebola.
On September 30, media reported widely about Thomas Duncan suffering from Ebola in Texas, making it the first time the disease has been reported.
On October 12, reports of an Ebola patient who is a health care provider were completely communicated in the United States.
After October 12, other Ebola cases were reported simultaneously leading to their cases day by day.
It is possible that the US media has reported so much about the Ebola because of cases of the disease in the country.
Also, due to the ease of communication through social media, the Ebola disease has become widely discussed in European and US media.
However, what is waiting is to see whether an African detected Ebola detected by an African from the Democratic Republic of Congo treating the disease will be reported.
Erick Kabendera providing a training for journalists in 2012, Dare s salaam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 forces violently arrested Erick Kabendera at his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and detained him.
Police say Kabengera has rejected an order to resign himself in order to investigate his citizenship as a Tanzanian.
Throughout the last week police searched the flag house twice, collected his travel passport, other personal documents and interrogated his family.
On August 5, authorities changed the argument, Kabandera was charged with fraud, avoiding paying taxes of US$75,000, and without paying taxes of US$75,000.
Police say Kabendera has committed these crimes for the past four years since 2015.
With the charges Kabendera faces, he can face up to 15 years in prison and not allowed to access bail.
Magufuli of Tanzania
They first kidnapped the journalist, when they saw many noises claiming that he is not Tanzanian, it was missing, now he is charged with cybercrime and restriction of the police.
With Erick Kabendera, his mistake is to be a journalist.
Press freedom has been declined significantly during the Tanzanian term of Magufuli, reported by CPJ.
CPJ representative in Sub-Saharan Africa, Muthoka Mumo says:
It appears that for the past week authorities have been looking for ways to confirm the reasons for the detention of the independent journalist and critic.
First they claimed that Erick Kabendera’s citizenship is unclear, today they have added other different charges, which make us wonder why their intention to protect him.
As a journalist Kabendera has been criticizing the administration of President John Magufuli and has often been responsible for press freedom.
He has reported in both local and international media outlets such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African on Tanzanian politics and their impact on the country.
JJebra Kambole, who is Kabenzera's advocate says, the lamps also criticized Kabenzera for his insulting statements against the government in a post published on Facebook:
News that came to me: journalist Erick Kabendera charged with sedition against the government following an article published in the newspaper
Citizenship is made as a tool to silence people
The flag family says, this is not the first time the government has asked about the citizenship of the flag.
In 2013 the government also filed similar charges but the case was dismissed later, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera at that time noticed that authorities wanted to use the issue of citizen investigation as a way to silence him.
Last year, The Citizen reported several cases in which the government used citizen interrogation as a tool to silence criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, the managing director of Twaweza, a civil society organization, focused on the Voices of Wananchi, said authorities have confused his travel document and been restricted from traveling
Two weeks before the event, Twaweza reported the results of a survey called Speaking the Truth for Power?
Citizen reactions on Tanzanian Politics
The Commission of Science and Technology (Costech) claimed that the study was unauthorized and threatened to take legal action but later the case was denied, according to the Commission of Science an
In recent years Tanzania has introduced a number of regulations targeting bloggers and media, civil society organizations, arts and cultural organizations.
Read more: Will Tanzanian Bloggers Reconcile to Pay or Back the Blog Tax'?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, citizen leaders are filled on social media calling for the release of Kabenda:
AFEX Africa calls the accusations of violent violence
Nine days now police in Tanzania are detaining journalist Erick Kabendera @AFEXafrica saying there is need for an end to the crime
https://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019
Kabendera, who has often trained and encouraged young journalists, led his ex-student to tweet:
I met Erick Kabendera once in my life, and for less than 80 minutes.
He came as a student invited to teach us (Journalism and Public Communications School - @UniofDar).
But despite being with us for a short time, I learned a lot from him.
He really inspired me
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks the arrest of Kabenda and his criminal rally is a sign of warning for other citizens:
NOT DEFENDING Kabenda Because He Is a Tanzanian Or Because He Is a Journalist I DEFEND HIM Because I Live in Tanzania Erick lives.
Justice Never Did Today And I Silenced, It Might Tomorrow Never Did To Me As Well.
Nobody is Safe When Innocence Rules
I and I are Ivan Golunov.
Flag given by Meduza, used with permission
: This definition of the Russian language means the level of burning the level that reaches enough is enough perhaps the best way is to disclose the number of people in Russia.
He was arrested on June 6 in Moscow on suspicious charges of involvement in and selling of drugs.
Golunov was arrested and refused to meet with a lawyer which is contrary to the Russian law.
Her lawyer confirmed she had serious pain while in prison.
After being taken to the hospital, he was allowed and placed in a special house on June 8.
Russian soldiers initially showed photos of suspected drugs taken in the Golunov square house but later they were removed.
The Russian pro-Kremlin news agency also confirmed that the photos were not taken on the Golunov Square.
Golunov's charges could lead to 10 to 20 years in prison.
36-year-old Golunov is working for Meduza, one of the few independent Russian-language networks that remain in Russia.
Meduza was registered in neighboring Latvia, but has offices and a few journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led to publish an investigation of several corruption incidents involving high-ranking leaders.
Since Golunov's arrest, Meduza has been producing Golunov's articles under a Creative Commons license and has encouraged media and individuals to republish them online.
Among the important information he published is how Vice Mayor Pyotr Biryukov approved projects for his family  and how the project to make Moscow a Russian-based city.
The story he was working before his arrest was about the restriction of funeral services in Moscow.
Golunov's arrest has sparked solidarity among journalists, activists and lawyers, and even popular singers and people.
On June 10, three mainstream newspapers agreed to publish supportive versions of Golunov on the front pages.
Newspapers were sold and replaced with new records.
Unusually pro-Kremlin media and Channel One, which have a large number of viewers, are calling for a fair investigation.
The 12th of June will be Russia Day, where marches and public demonstrations will take place.
Under Russian law, public demonstrations require permission.
Golunov's supporters have announced that they will hold their own parades without official permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is trying to remove the charges against the journalist before June 20.
On the day when Russia's President Vladimir Putin will be speaking live  in the country's phone conversation session.
Kenyan writer Binyavanga Wainaina at a book ceremony in Brooklyn, 2009.
Wainaina, 48, died on Tuesday May 22 in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 and Wikimedia Commons.
Just 24 hours since Binyavanga Wainaina Mwandish Mkenya disappeared in this world, but his presence and impact continue to rise around the world.
True, the open gay journalist  blamed the conflict and challenged the government insisting on revolutionary journalism that would open the doors to thousands of journalists.
Writer, teacher and LGBTQ activist Binyavanga Wainaina, aged 48, died on Tuesday May 22, in Nairobi, Kenya, after suffering from cholera.
Today I thought: What will your life mean when it leaves?
The death of Binyavanga made me think about who I was five or many years ago and what he was for us as a young man with interest and hunger for change.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019
For a few minutes, friends, followers and supporters of Inanina flooded on social networks exchanging memories and thanks and discussing many of her posts.
Wainaina is known for her inspiring posts, How to Write About Africa, published in the newspaper  in 2006.
She is also known for her 2012 memorial book, One Day I Will Write about this place, and an article, Mother, I am Queer, published in 2013.
The article attracted huge reactions on Twitter because people tried to show the truth and newspapers called Wainaina as one of the 100 well-known people in the world.
In his post How to describe Africa, Wainaina called the Western media and the industrial support  all the Nairobi industries to be promoting discrimination.
Don't try to post a good African image on a book paper or inside it except that that African has won a Nobel prize.
AK-47 gun, clean mouths, open breasts: use this.
If you have to include another African, make sure you get him from Masai or Zulu or Dogon clothes.
His story was a small Kisu, writes Nigerian journalist Nwachukwu Egbunike.
His article or book widely quoted by experts, non-governmental organizations and aid workers has had a significant result in awareness about Africa.
On the result, writer Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the post has followed me since I was brought as a gift by a Kenyan friend.
I absolutely was one of the people addressed by Binyavanga: A development worker employed in Tanzania by a Danish non-government organization called for the president of the country:
That was a moment when industry development and industry support were increasingly effective in order to achieve the ongoing changes.
I had many reasons to feel shameful, but I also had time to plan how to change.
Binyavanga later described in the Bidoun magazine how this article happened in life and in two impacts: By exposing and explaining the dangers of journalists and politicians, they would not have been
Wainaina, the son of a Kenyan father and an Ugandan mother, continued to question the fraud expressed about Africa in her life magazine, Africa Memories.
Informative, she attracted readers from her childhood in Kenya and then as a student in South Africa where she stayed four years.
Criticism praised the book as real and true, but later Wainaina admitted that she had forgotten the important feature of her life.
Mom, I am gay, Wainaina was the first high standard Kenyan who became the first high standard Kenyan by speaking on social media, and raising a lot of comment from the community.
It seemed lost in the memory of his life.
Wainaina saw that she was gay with her mother she was approaching death.
His article came to a suitable time if the campaign against a global conference against homosexuality and anti-gay laws were proposed in Uganda and later proposed.
Read more: Tanzania's position on homosexuality on political agenda
However, unlike other journalists in the exile, Wainaina returned home as Nanjala Nyabola explains on Twitter, says it was important.
To those of us who were including prominent Kenyan journalists living in exile, jailed, poor or unappreciated or very badly rejected, there will be some of us who have been one of us who were one of
He was a misunderstood man but for this he deserves always thanks.
We need to speak our thoughts
While Binyavanga indeed received appreciation from various international groups, home he criticized and faced pressure of indecency on the basis.
Binyavanga demanded free speech and thought.
Courageously in a LGBTQ community  she stressed on breaking down the basis.
In response to noise and other responses, the same year Wainaina wrote We Need To Speak Our Thoughts, on YouTube with a six-part message with the following six parts read:
I want to live a life of freedom of mind, he explained in the first part.
I urge this young parent generation to have young people who see Africans writing their own stories  that simple is an important political act everyone should do.
I am happy to see a continent where all kinds of thoughts are not allowed unless they are allowed.
I am an African of all Africans, I want to see the continent change.
Wainaina occasionally expressed her interest in writing, education and leadership.
In 2002, after winning the best Caine prize for his observation article, she spent the prize money to collaborate to start Why?
A newspaper aimed at developing new voices and thoughts around the continent.
Why?
Has been published and has a network connecting journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more:We're working to prevent explosions': A word spoken in East Africa
When he unsympathetically hijacked social contracts in Kenya   as he publicly declared himself as gay and later revealed that he had HIV on Twitter on Thursday, March 6, 2014, he tweeted:
Wainaina was a controversial individual who fighted with a struggle and often fighted heavily for being a gay person seemed to be a controversial role in the country.
He had supporters but faced criticism from prominent journalist Shailja Patel, who accused Wainaina of hating the people of the city.
Twitter user Néo Músangi tells the shortcomings of Indians in his Twitter post:
I am not enough enough but I am crying at Binya as my dear friend in foreign and my defense.
I am very sad that he hurt others.
I am sad that he missed as a human.
He would hate us cleaning him.
Writer Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of Writivism Festival in Uganda, also explained the confusion  on Facebook:
Her style of life was problematic.
Good and leaving mistakes.
The people we detain because of their work and thoughts are only people.
He is a human.
Are we ever ready to love them in their complexity?
Now, much has been talked about him.
there is no need to repeat what was said.
People have reminded him of his pain.
This eliminates the pain one hears from his death.
There is only one Binyavanga Wainaina.
He is right now.
Let's celebrate his life.
A courageous talent
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi tweets after posting a message of praise for Wainaina on Facebook; hatred and homophobic comments followed the message.
Wainaina was a talented man who should be remembered:
I sent a short message on Facebook about Binyavanga's death, #RIPBinyavanga there was very bad and shameful comments I have been read.
Even the thieves who steal us of taxes and kill people do not get little hatred.
The truth is, Binya had a strong intelligence and talent and will continue to be read and remembered
Ugandan women’s rights advocate and writer Rosebell Kagumire pointed out what she learned from the Indian tension of speaking:
Don't allow fear.
Don't stop yourselves.
Speak what needs to be said.
Write it.
Live in your truth and in your heart.
Where you breathe your last breath there will be million meaningful words you gave to Binyavanga
Through his life  and his writing he gave others acceptance to see life again, and his unfortunate death indicates the beauty of poetry Through his life.
One day I will write about your beautiful hair
One day I will write about your laughter
One day I will write about your independence
One day I will write about your ability to think
One day I will write about your rejection
Today I write thanks
Kenyan journalist and Dust journalist, and indeed a friend of Indians, concludes with a final mourning:
Who told you to leave?
from your body in the night without leaving a new account?
Face is standing, eyes are burning, she said, You have 3 seconds to change the distance you are there.
Who told you to leave?
From your body without leaving a new account?
Why can one go fear and earthquake with written writings?
Now he is one of the famous people, you can join Binya with a lot of memories of his work.
The front page of the newspaper de Angola about the winner of Telstar.
Taken by Dércio Tsandzana, April 19, 2019 with permission
Angolan president João Lourenço followed the government's application for a mobile phone operator in the country, saying that the winner of the contract Telecom will be contracted by the country's
The president's decision may show the division in the Angolan government.
Telstar was founded in January 2018 with a first capital of 200,000 (approximately US$600), and its main stakeholders are Manuel João Carneiro (90%) and Manuel João Carneiro (90%).
According to an Angolan news report, Manuel João Carneiro's victory was given by former President Eduardo dos Santos.
The Observador newspaper reported that 27 companies participated in a process opened by the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology under the Ministry of Information and Information Tec
According to the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed the directives that issued a new regulation for the opening of applications.
After the first trial results were publicly revealed, many Angolans questioned the integrity of the process.
Others went about saying that the winner of Telstar had never had a website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, editor and director of the program on Facebook:
Telstar  Telecommunications, Ltd, was founded on January 26, 2018, with a first 200,000 national capital from the newspaper Diário da República, whose stakeholders are  the government of Brazil and
A major stakeholder has a relationship with Mundo Startel, an enormous company registered by INACOM, a telecommunication regulator with a license although it has not been licensed.
company that does not have a website!
I DO NOT BELIEVE THERE WERE OTHER CHALLENGERS
THIS COUNTRY IS SHAME
For now, Joaquim Lunda, a journalist and regular social media broadcaster, praised the President's action and I even thought that the chief minister was involved.
Translation Thank you and is a congratulative act, the decision taken by the Republican President João Lourenço, to cancel the government contract that Angolan company Telstar had provided for the
There were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
One does not see market in a company founded in 2018 with a 200 thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand thousand
I am certainly sure the days of the minister of information and technology are counted.
After losing  ANGOSAT 1, now and what we are witnessing today, I am worried or worried whether it will do anything.
Let's enjoy the game silently!!
The president's decision came after the same minister who led in 2017, the satellite project Angosat 1,  goes into problems again.
Adriano Sapiñala, vice president of the main opposition points out that the problem shows confusion in the government:
JLo [João Lourenço] should plan his team well because yesterday the bank minister was saying that the period of the petition was ended and therefore Telstar would have been able to complain about t
Is the communication not good?
Now perhaps the minister should stand up or JLo should fire him because if he has cancelled the process is because his process was not good and not to affect the people of the country.
Blanka Nagy speaking at the January 2019 protest.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kőműves for Hungary's non-commercial magazine, Atlatszo.
This edited version is available here as part of its collaboration with Global Voices.
Hungarian media supporting the government has begun new attacks against Blanka Nagy, a secondary student who spoke aggressively against the president.
Nagy takes advantage of many criticisms against him and has also been sexually harassed and one news source has called him a criminal.
He has already filed an abuse case against three pro-government organizations Lokàl, Ripost and Origo, which support the government, which said he was dying.
However, after Nady won the case against Origo, the source again attacked him by publishing her school report.
Nady told Atlatszo that she was intending to prosecute Origo again because of their upcoming news.
Blanka Nagy became popular in Hungary during the past cold summer after speaking at an anti-government demonstration, where she criticized political politicians because of their relationship with the
His shocking words were shared by social media users through a video of his speech.
Two months after his video generated attention on social media, government-supportive organizations such as Zsolt Bayer started a series of comments about the government's support and protests.
The media said he was failing his studies and had missed many days of school.
They also called him an untally talented man who wants to be popular and criminal.
His advocate presented a copy of the results to the court demonstrating that he was not false in his studies and the results were given to Origo’s advocates.
The news source decided to publish a report from Nagy's results report saying that he almost studied history last semester and is also in control.
When #GovernmentSupporters lie about young daughter Blanka Nagy, she charged them with defaming her and won.
They have been asked to apologize and edit their information but they have refused to continue to shame him.
TV2 shut down the news time in order to blame the results, mentioning the copies sent to court but didn't say how the sentence was.
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019
My advocate and I thought to charge the news source that published a copy of my school results, Nagy told Atlatszo in an interview.
He said Origo had no right to publish the results.
He and his advocates think Origo had no right to see the results when they represented them in court.
And their latest accusations are not true too, Nady said.
I do not like my history studies, unlike what they said.
I have a good result  my points are more than 2 points (which is C bridge).
What they say is false.
I would be shameful if it were true because in my family there was a history teacher one of my grandfathers, he said.
I think all these insults against me are so strange but I am no longer.
It shows how I am intimidating some of the top authorities of the ruling Fidesz party.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer’s himself attacking me and the media that supports the government’s support to spread false information against me, confirms this.
Blanka Nagy high school student: Fidesz is stupid, written, bad and tragic.
This evil group of criminals, this minority government, who are filling their bails for their generational lives while you are struggling with Poverty as you retired.
He said the truth.
This is Hungary.
Falsifying and providing false information are the only weapons of supporting Hungarian government.
Some opposition authorities have responded by charging the media of falsification.
According to the latest statistics collected by Atlatszo, major propaganda sources have failed many cases, and were ordered by the court to correct information immediately.
They can't put their thoughts in our heads so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua reads a poster of one protester during a protest for the refugees.
August, 2018.
Photo: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since the massive protests against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned protests, arrested thousands without opening their homes, and arrested thousan
Trying to hold a conversation has failed,  now Nicaragua’s future remains a difficult question.
The protests began against the reform of social resources policies which would increase the revenue tax cuts while reducing the interests of social resources.
Initially the process was made by the authorities opened the door of a nationwide protest calling for President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice President Rosario Murillo.
The numbers of deaths from the protests are mixed and have not been updated since last year because bans against documentation and documentation have increased.
In December 2018, the government blocked several NGOs that were closely monitoring police violence and human rights violations including the United Nations Human Rights Center in Cambodia, where the
Also in December, two groups of the Inter-American Commission for Human Rights in the Americas (IACHR) the Nicaraguan Special Monitoring Surveillance Group (MESENI) and the Nigerian Government Group
Read more: 'We are Victims who support the Victims': Reflect on Human Rights Violations in Nicaragua
The lowest casualties, identified by government in August 2018, has increased to 197.
However, the Human Rights Organization has reached 322 deaths until September 18, 2018, with most of the deaths were by shots on the head, neck and neck.
Blogger Ana Siú wrote on Medium recently about her experience in the April 2018 protests:
I saw my college friend being attacked by gangs on Instagram Mubashara.
I heard him shouting and struggling to avoid being injured [] Finally, the man who attacked him on the motorcycle left him but took his phone.
He didn't know that he still looks quiet.
Then he said, let's go!
We have to take these phones to be checked.
The incident took 20 minutes.
He also looked at the May 30 protests, which was the historic demonstration called on the day Nicaragua celebrates Mother’s Day where 100 people were killed and killed.
That day we changed our views on the protests.
Some of us who were at those protests saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time that police have attacked massive demonstrations like the one with fire.
I have never been closer to such a death.
When students restricted themselves to universities in the capital city of Managua, farm workers blocked the roads in farm areas.
In June protesters in Masaya declared the East City as a free authority from dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who made security bans and responded to police attacks.
Protesters more actively involved in violence and clashes and by August 2018 there were 22 deaths of police officers, according to government statistics.
In mid-2018, police started what they called operación limpieza (Cleaning Operation) to destroy buildings and prosecute suspects of involving themselves.
Reports say the security forces did the same in collaboration with militant groups.
Many students, farm movement leaders, justice fighters and journalists were targeted in the dangerous campaign and many of them have been charged.
And some health workers who treated injured during the protests have faced frustration with what they did.
The Nicaraguan Doctors Association of Nicaragua said that at least 240 doctors were freed from public hospitals in order to evacuate them.
Read more: Nicaraguan protesters and journalists face heavy attacks on streets and online.
In September the protests were made unlawful, and any activities currently in the streets require special certification from the authorities, which often require special certification from the author
On February 27, 2019, the table of conversation was returned between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la Justicia y la Democracia (Coalition for Justice and Democracy), wh
Compared to previous conversations, the meeting did not include farmer movement and student leaders, because some of them are in jail, and others are imprisoned.
Not only the new president the new beginning
As the country's crisis is making a second year now, the concerns and concerns for the future of Nicaragua have been carried out by the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which is released daily along with other
Read more: Nicaraguan diaspora activists carry twice
A Nicaraguan news source, Niú interviewed protesters who led the February demonstrations in neighboring Costa Rican areas and described the difficulties in their lives.
Alejandro Donaire, a student who said he fled the country after participating in a peaceful demonstration, told Niú how difficult it was to feel part of the community and how it was difficult to fee
Madelaine Caracas, spokesperson of the student group known as the Students Collaboration for Democracy, also shared Niú's demand for seeing change:
[We want] to eliminate dictatorship, sexual oppression, individualism and other weaknesses that have been distinguished in the country's political culture.
We further believe that Ortega will leave this year and that I will be back to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure because Ortega is currently unheard in the international and economic sphere and because all those who participated in the April protests have prepared themselves to prepare themselves
This last series of negotiations between the government and the opposition came to an end on April 3, with an agreement on two of the four discussed.
First the government has promised that it will release all political prisoners and second will respect civilian freedom.
There were no agreements made on rights for victims of electoral violence or for the 2021 elections.
An opposition group Civil Coalition said that the government has failed to respect the deal.
It has been reported that police continue to violate peaceful demonstrations.
As it was on April 6, only 50 of the 600 political prisoners were released, and detained at their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new US sanctions imposed by the United States, more than 600 prisoners were released and ended their prison sentences.
In the minds of people like activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of Nicaragua's future remains in prison today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for a protest in memory of the April 2018 events.
With authorities bans and permission bans against the protests, there is also expected new repression by the police.