Official photo of President of the Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari by Bayo Omoboriowo via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it is blocking the country's Twitter network, a few days after it deleted a dangerous tweet written by President Muhammad Museveni.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message continued to circulate on social media, reminding the pain of the civil war.
But the tweet inspired movements on social media to stand with Igbo Nigerians.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari is threatening to deal with Nigerians from the eastern part of the country by using the use of social media.
The tweet was written after a series of attacks against the government and security forces in the area, which are accused of having a militant group that is controlling the region.
The group has denied responsibility for the attacks, according to Voice of America.
Many of those showing innocence today were young to understand the damage and loss of lives during the Civil War in Syria.
Tweet of Nigerian President Buhari's threats
Tweets responding to the angry statements made by Buhari apparently angry at the Presidential Palace, the country's capital, Abuja, regarding the president's relationship with the Nigerian president
I think we have given them enough platform.
They have said what they want, but now they want to displace the country, he said, talking about those who want to separate:
Buhari speaks with his tear
Buhari, a former general, was in the army during Nigeria's civil war.
The brutal war led to the deaths of more than a million Igbo people and other residents of the East, according to Chima J. Korieh, a professor of History at the University of South Africa.
For many Nigerians, the separation war in Biafra, generally, is considered a worst event of forgetting, but for the Igbo people who struggled to separate separation, the separation of the Igbo people
(Dondoo: The writer is from an Igbo ethnicity.)
The Twitter policy on hate behavior bans tweets that pray for violence and threaten people based on race, ethnicity, nationality.
Such tweets, like Buhari, are deleted by the company or the users themselves forcing them to delete content contrary to policy.
Lai Mohammed, Nigeria's minister of information, described the removal of the president's tweet by social media company as a shocking incident:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnjVM
Threatening tweets are still appearing online
An investigation by social media expert Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) shows that Buhari's tweets of threats still appear to be consistent.
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted the tweet of Nigerian President @MBuhari for violation of the law, the deleted tweet is STILL APPEARING on many online accounts for no reason.
By accessing different accounts through different devices, DigiAfricaLab was able to see more than 17,000 tweets quoted by users before the company was launched.
Furthermore, DigiAfricaLab was able to click and share President Buhari's deleted tweet.
Deleted tweets could continue to be appearing on Twitter users because the Twitter API depends on other social media tools linked to Twitter.
Another reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of the New York Times, is that deleted tweets might still be available and appear in the results of the report.
Response to the #IAmIgboToo hashtag
The tweet of President Buhari's threats generated heated discussion from Nigerians on Twitter, which headed the hashtag #IA.
Nigerian Twitter users from different ethnic groups also used Igbo names as a means of standing and protesting.
An analysis carried out on June 4, 2021 by Global Voices using the Brand Mentions tool showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboToo was mentioned within seven days in the country.
Screenshot of the words mentioned under the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
Human rights activist Aisha Yesufu  using the name Waigbo Somtochukwu, means joining me to praise God and condemning President Buhaari threatening the people of the country.
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Yesufu.
Any threat to the Igbo people is to threaten me with me.
Attacking Igbo people is attacking me.
Condemn 1967 threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
Jazz musician and music producer Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his desire for the country to continue from these hateful comments:
The description that Nigeria takes Igbo people is agricultural and leaves a similar changing perspective
#StopSars activist Rinuola [Rinu] Oduala, using the name Kigbo Ochiaga, which means the leader of the military, remembered pridely the important contribution to the Sars.
I remember the Aba Women's Revolution where at least 25,000 women protested against colonial violence.
I come from the same area with women with the same situation, born with courage & dignity against years of violence and unjustice.
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #Igbo
Blossom Ozurumba, Global Voices' Igbo translator, noted that threats start with dignity:
Once you achieve human dignity it is easier to eliminate the moral concerns about murder, discrimination or torture because of ethnic identity.
If they don’t seem human, it is easy to justify violence against them.
Dignity, according to Ozurumba, makes it easier to eliminate the moral concern of murder, discrimination, or torture of people because of their ethnic groups.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, heavy debate broke out on Kenyan social media about statements made by three radio presenters during the morning.
The broadcasters were discussing a continuing corruption case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was pushed out of a 12-story building and a man who was arrested.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans angered broadcasters Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their comments on the case of violence in Kenya.
Shaffie insists that the woman was pushed out of the 12th floor of a building in Nairobi after saying no to a man because she left herself very strongly and wanted to leave herself.
What a long time!
The case has divided netizens as some agree with the advertisers.
Although the three were suspended by the radio station, it revealed how conflict in Kenya’s mainstream space has grown for women.
There are nearly 21.75 million Internet users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the country's population according to a data survey by DataReportage.
Nearly 11 million people are social media users, an increase of 2.2 percent compared to 2020.
According to another report by the Global System of Mobile Telecommunications (GSMA), the number of mobile phone owners is nearly equal for women and men with a different difference.
Like a few on the ground, often women in Kenya have become the target of social media harassment.
And although in 2018 an anti-online harassment law was passed in the country  which defines behaviors such as collaboration with others in a way that can lead to discrimination, there are many people
Below we highlight two other popular events that have happened in the past 12 days that social media has been used as a platform for violence against women in Kenya.
COVID-19 patient
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich became the first COVID-19 case in Kenya.
After his recovery he came and shared his journey as the world began to understand the new virus.
But Cherotich was not received as surprisingly as he expected.
After spending a press interview in April 2020, he was faced with harassment and disturbance from Kenyan On Twitter (popularly known as #KOT).
Other netizens interfered in her personal life, her personal conversations and photos, perhaps after being hidden by a friend.
Her hair looks like Corona itself
After angry, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe came out to defend Brenda, calling for the arrest of the victims and labeled them as an effort to protect her.
Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told police to charge social media users for harassing Brenda
And that was not the end of it, another victim recently fell in #KOT attack: TV host Vyonne Okwara targeted after defending Brendan Mbeki
I do not agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your information is unnecessary.
It is shocking and flowing to the heavens.
Where was your voice when fellow women robbed a MAN (Lonyangapuo) naked and shared his naked pictures?
This is a virus
Okwara criticized violence for targeting women.
He said Brian Orinda, the third COVID-19 victim, who was present when he made his recovery trip with Brenda, did not receive the same response.
This prompted the fingers of body defenders who had their day on Twitter attacking Okwara.
Use of gender cards all the time.
Women should protect their honor first.
Taking photos like this and participating is also an inequality.
The bad situation from Okwara.
So bad, you wonder if Corona eaten a brother.
Male nudes were online yesterday.
She suddenly got forgiveness by choosing on that.
At the beginning of the year, Presidential Spokesperson Kanze Dena was also affected by Kenya's social media harassment.
When he attended a press conference at a ceremony, netizens harassed his body due to his weight.
It immediately became a discussion on social media, with a space of Kenyans and mass media defending Dena.
He is thick, long, short!
Who made the levels of how women should be appeared?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena has increased the pressure?
Really, she is a new mother, but, she has no debt to anyone!
Give me a breath please!
This is new we must reject
The Elephant, one of Kenya's largest digital publications, noted that the industry of online social media in Kenya and around the world has become more and more popular.
There is no doubt that social media has become an important tool for social and educational development, especially for women.
Many women have built their businesses on the ground and, during this process, learned how to unite others.
Many find customers to buy and sell their products online.
Some get platforms to encourage reactions, and create hundreds or millions of social businesses that not only promote economic growth but also enable them to increase their experience.
They have also learned how to improve their domestic entrepreneurship skills.
Of course, social media has emerged as a good opportunity for business.
This is important for economic empowerment and promotion of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to engage in meaningful conversations on topics that directly affect their lives, the Internet should be a safer place than the web.
A rainbow flag in rainbow colors.
Photo by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Caribbean countries, one after one, have been revising their law books to reflect more equality for homosexuals by eliminating sexual equality.
In 2016, it started Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, though its move has not been interpreted in law.
Three years after the court declared that the laws are inconstitutional, finally Trinidad and Tobago seems to be in the way to amend the regulations of the Constitutional Constitution.
The law has an objective referred to as, prevent some forms of discrimination and promote opportunities between individuals.
For this purpose, the Fundamental Commission and the Fundamental Court of Equal Opportunities were established to deal with these issues but so far, they are unable to deal with them.
The current laws address gender, race, ethnicity, religion, marriage status, or disabilities in employment, training, education etc.
The pressure to amend the current law increased after the Scotiabank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will expand its portfolio of mobile money services.
The announcement generated heavy discussions in the country and was also congratulated by the American Marketing Commission (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, chairman of the Future Opportunities Commission, wh
It is a good move for the private sector and especially for the bank, which has a variety of employees.
It is important that others take this move, despite what the law insists.
Government Attorney Faris Al-Rawi said he is inspired by Scotiabank's move to protect the people's rights and that the doors are open to do what they want.
Al-Rawi's position seems to have changed in comparison to the position he had after the 2018 Supreme Court verdict; after the unconstitutional decision was issued by the Supreme Court.
While Trinidad and Tobago has made a significant development in eliminating diverse forms of discrimination, but when it comes to the issue of discrimination against gays in the country, the fear is
Given the public reactions to the Scotiabank's announcement on social media platforms such as Facebook the protest was high.
Meanwhile, gays continue to fight not only discrimination, but also violence, many of which end up in life.
In a recent incident, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of a gay party in the area where he lives, raised debate online about the social environment in which he lives.
Many of these conversations have been held via Twitter Spaces, a voice conversation platform that facilitates discussion and safe education.
While Government Attorney General Al Rawi has not given an official deadline for the change, for gays and their allies, the hope remains that it might not be the case.
Duval, a French engineer and founder of the Institute of Gaël.
Photo used with permission.
For internet companies and technologies, the collection of internet user information has become their main source of income.
However, this method of getting income is at risk of users, as it is expressed in regular events of commercial publication, and regular publication of commercial information.
Is there a correct way to improve the privacy rights of Internet users?
Companies like Google and Apple have invested in collecting daily information on their customers, particularly via mobile phones, and a connection between different applications.
Several applications have been monitoring the real place of a person, and on the other health and sports applications focused on collecting information about the population.
It is believed that these information is gathered and compared to give the user what he needs quickly.
However, the fact is that Internet users and technology users do not know that they are providing their data for free without any payment.
Online privacy policy activists such as Austrian Max Schrems, has expressed his feelings about the process of internet companies and the war in the country.
He observes the risks of regular harassment and violations of the privacy rights law.
One of these events is probably best described by the Facebook scandal case known as the Cambridge Analytica case where the private institution of information and analysis institution Cambridge Analy
Schrems says he warned Facebook representatives about the incidents of customer data gathering by Cambridge Analytica, and says that he was cautious about the customer data gathering by Cambridge Ana
Facebook representatives without words said that in their opinion, when you use a platform in an owner's platform you have allowed people to upload their accounts on the same platform to upload their
However, why don't you wonder about your right to privacy online when you don't have anything to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden had an answer to this question in a Reddit discussion in 2015:
Thinking that you don’t care anything about privacy online because you don’t have anything to hide is the same as thinking that you don’t care about the right to express yourself because you do
The real effects of the use of information platforms
French computer engineer and data expert Gaël Duval has been involved for a long time in the development of computer applications including software development.
Duval decided to create an automatic system that helps protect the security of mobile phone users' data: /e/OS.
Global Voices talked to him to learn how information is affecting people's lives, opportunities and impacts.
Here is his opinion about the development of information technology:
This is a philosophical question.
I personally have a mixed feeling about technology because I always have a lot of disappointment about technology.
However, sometimes I feel tired, I remember those times when you need to call, you go to a separate place.
It was of course a quiet and quick life.
Young people might be wondering that until I was five years old, there was no phone or television.
There are times when I think that I lived a very different world, which is now not completely different.
On the other hand, it is very interesting when we try to imagine what we can do with the presence of modern technology, such as contacting someone in the country.
For those who remember, apart from the joy and joy of the years of the analogical system, we are now facing a huge danger of information technology.
A study conducted in 2018 involving child physical problems and periodic use of mobile phones, found that the highest use of mobile phones and mobile phones was caused by children with mobile phones
A survey published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50 percent of young people in Los Angeles said they could not stay without their phones.
The effects of these technologies were recently revealed by reliable sources in the Netflix documentary The Social Dilemma, which describes the consequences of the use of social media.
Some governments have tried to deal with this problem by improving laws to build user awareness and increasing responsibility for the companies.
In 2018, the EU passed the General Data Protection Regulation (GDPR).
The law has increased several requirements regarding protection of data including access to unsurprising consent from the user and requesting companies to remove their data.
The law also provides huge punishments for those who do not respect these principles.
However, its implementation faces lack of employees in government authorities, and this law only applies to nations members of the EU.
A tool for information users
As the situation is now, Duval was convinced to create a tool that would allow people to take the role of protecting their own data, as he explains:
Our children are that your information is our property, because our information is our property, and for those who think it should not be, they don’t want freedom and peace, or own businesses.
This is how the management system he created works:
/e/ is a digital mobile phone monitoring system that does not use any information as you search, where you are and care about your privacy.
The system does not censor in any way the user's personal data.
It also provides basic online services such as email, sharing, calendar, storage and everything related to the mobile phone monitoring system.
Duval says that, when it comes to personal information, Google and Apple have similar objectives  these information controversializes Google's business system, which includes the Google commercial sy
Duval added:
Using an iPhone, an user sends an average of 6 MB of data to Google, per day.
Two times the number sent by Android users.
Furthermore, Apple's outside system has been shut down, with a complete lack of transparency.
They just have to believe in them.
We for our part, we allow to change the privacy policy: all /e/OS systems and online storage tools (the elements used in the development of the Internet) are allowed to change the privacy policy.
This system can be interrogated and verified by experts.
With an increasing use of mobile phones, it is clear that only laws are not enough to create awareness and give users the right tools and knowledge.
Information and understanding are essential to prevent ourselves from HIV/AIDS.
Image shows Kenyan health workers educating the public about the outbreak of UVIKO-19.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire under CC BY 2.0
The beginning of the UVIKO-19 vaccine in Kenya has been filled with accusations of corruption, disproportion and corruption that have left many poor and elderly citizens in the country.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans are paying up to $100 to be called early, as described on several Kenyan online accounts and other media outlets.
In early March, Kenya bought more than 1 million dozens of Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccines through the World Access to Vaccines Globally, organized by the United Nations.
The received vaccines started a campaign for free vaccines in public and private hospitals.
The drugs were divided into three phases: health workers and security and immigration officials, citizens over 58 years old and people with more than 50 million dollars.
The country is expected to receive 24 million dozens via COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya is planning to drink 50 percent of its citizens by June 2022 through a collaboration between the COVAX project and humanitarian aid.
In a press statement, UNICEF Kenya Representative Maniza Zaman congratulated the arrival of the first vaccines in Kenya.
To monitor the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its partners are congratulating COVAX’s promise to ensure that people from increasingly inefficient countries are not affected by vaccines.
However, this third program was disappointed after the exercise began because of the last minute decision to fasten the second phase of the program in order to prevent the exercise.
In an article questioning what is going on in the Kenyan HIV/AIDS vaccine program, Patrick Gathara, a Kenyan journalist and comic cartoonist, describes the problems of the country's HIV/AIDS pandemic
With huge voices and selfishness, the politicians claimed that they should be prioritized to build trust in the public, although the Ministry of Health already reported that there was no concern for
Since the government ignored the demand to explain its plan to the public, there was a massive confusion about where and when people are expected to stand on the line.
Despite the government's priorities to prioritize citizens over 58, Kenyan media reported that businessmen and Asian businessmen have been arrested in the country.
Meanwhile, elderly Kenyans, who deserve poor Kenyans, who do not have a network of people to help and without money to survive, appear waiting on the road days.
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washington Post.
Without someone to help you finish all the process, what will you do?
The same incident was reported at another government hospital by @_Sativa, a Nairobi-based Twitter user, who is also Kenyan.
In the tweet, he described what his uncle experienced, a former 60-year-old teacher.
While the elderly waited at the street, the nurse called names and the youth came forward and prepared for the vaccination.
When his uncle asked what was going on, the nurse gave him a number to which he could spend money, she said in a Twitter conversation.
Following reports of increasing public interest in the vaccine campaign, Kenyan Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the press:
I think we have created an unknown situation that anyone can go to a vaccination center and access the service.
I want to point out this better, those providing a vaccination service will give a count of every drug they have used and that the drugs used should be counted by the person who uses it.
President of the National Medical Union of Kenya Alfred Obengo urged non-preferred Kenyans to avoid standing in a vaccine.
Explaining how the Kenyan government could avoid confusion in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes his post saying:
We could avoid these things if the Kenyan government and its allies, including the World Health Organization and the Western government, did something to do with the protection of the country.
It is sad for Kenyans, their colonial country does not know another way to do.
In December last year, the world directed to Argentina where abortions were officially permitted in the country.
But how much are girls and women forced to be parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to this episode of Global Voices Insights (aired on April 7), where our Latin American editor Melissa Vida gives an interview with our contributors.
Debora Diniz (Brazil): a cultural student who runs research projects in issues of bioethics, women's rights, human rights and health.
She teaches at Brasilian University, but also researches at Brown University, and is a reproductive rights activist.
Her documentaries on abortion, marriage equality, government separation and religion and research on red cells have won numerous national and international awards.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): a professional advocate for Reproductive Health in Africa, Human Rights, and Gender Issues and a global advocacy strategist, a global advocacy campaigner.
Joy was awarded the Uganda Lawyers Society (ULS) the Best Female Lawyer for Human Rights for 2018/2019 and was recognized as the female female leader in the country.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): the founder and director of the Manushya Organization, founded in 2017 (Manushya is a Sanskrit word for person), who was born in Thailand.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer specializing in the rights of separated communities.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): an independent journalist.
He was initially assistant editor of The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has over 10 years experience in online and newspaper content.
She focuses on digital security, women and animal rights.
He is also a Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): a 19-year-old environmental rights activist who is also part of Fridays For Future and Women's Strike.
A mobile money agent waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 Content Regulations, freedom of expression is covered by high prices by the government authorities to remove unallowed content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a Small Media project asking the government to address the challenges of digital rights in the Universal Period.
At the beginning of March, when Tanzanians started questioning the health and where President John Magufuli was, many Tanzanians used social media to question questions and even comment on his health
In response to these questions, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to spread false information about the president.
Authorities referred to the Tanzanian Cybercrime Act of 2015 and the Electronic and Postal Communications (EPOCA) Regulations (EPOCA) that were approved by the United Nations.
This was a continuation of measures by the government, which has several times, used cybercrime laws and online content regulations to regulate and protect individuals’ rights.
On March 17, former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on national television that John Magufuli has died.
A few days later, Hassan was sworn in as Tanzania's sixth president.
Until then, at least four people have been arrested across the country for spreading false rumors about Magufuli's health and where he was.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will review its online content regulations after the Magufuli administration, or whether these regulations will continue to continue.
In early March, Innocent Bashungwa, Tanzania's Minister of Information, Culture, Arts and Sports, cautioned the media to avoid spreading rumors about the protest.
Meanwhile, the Minister of Justice and Constitutional Affairs, Mwigulu Nchemba, also threatened netizens with prison punishment on his Twitter account for spreading information on his Twitter account
Police Chief Ramadhani Kingai expressed intention to know about a Twitter account named Kigogo, which has long struggled for the government's brutality.
Human rights activists have condemned the moves taken by government officials and the fear created by these regulations as well as threats to those principles.
Online Content Regulations: More digital rights
Over the past decade, Tanzania has enjoyed a strong internet and a growing development in communication and technology.
Despite these developments, the government has been controlling companies and dialogue platforms and therefore independent media are failing to provide information.
The Internet has created a new online platform for young Tanzanian bloggers and social media activists who use social media to express their voices, but the Tanzanian government has decided to impose
In 2010, Tanzania published the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, the only of its kind in the country.
By 2018, specific regulations regulating online content were issued under the Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations 2018.
The government claimed that the regulations aimed at closely monitoring social media use, especially, to fight the problem of hate and rumors spreading online.
However, the regulations were not only applied against the mainstream media but also against local bloggers and content service providers, who were surprised by the demand that the regulatory regulat
This decree was also applicable to anyone who prepares and broadcasts television or radio.
A heavy darkness spread on social media following the sudden payment demand when many bloggers and content makers decided to stop their businesses.
Opposition politicians and social media users criticized the regulations for receiving social media freedom and civil society organizations.
In 2020, Tanzania issued a new content regulations, under Section 103 of the Electronic Communications and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and introduced a content-sharing regulation on the Internet
Some of the main differences between the 2018 and 2020 version of the Electronic Public Online Regulations (EPOCA) are:
First, Tanzania’s Telecommunications Communications Regulatory Authority (TCRA) recruited small groups and added small groups under online content: information & news, entertainment, entertainment,
The 2020 Online Content Regulation, Part VI, Article 116:
Anyone who provides Internet services without a relevant license, commits a crime and punishment of not less than 6 million Tanzanian Shillings [downloaded in the country).
Secondly, the TCRA added a list of unallowed content including, among other things, content that encourages recording people’s phones, cell phone surveillance, detection of cell phones, detection o
Third, the Online Content Regulations (EPOCA 2020) have also reduced the term to which a licensee can work for violations of the content regulations by being suspended or suspended.
Under 2018 regulations, the licensee had 12 hours to do so.
But under the 2020 Regulations, under Part III, Article 11, the time to deal with any violations of content was reduced to 2 hours.
Failing to respect this term gives the authorities a permission to interfere, either by blocking or removing an account.
Global Voices talked to some legal and human rights experts who criticized the 2020 Content Regulations amendment, saying it violates digital rights.
They said the regulations prohibit digital rights and prevent bloggers and writers from owning online content.
The biggest problem here is that there are no warnings to prevent these authorities from being used maliciously, and with the current situation, these authorities have an impact on freedom of express
After Magufuli: The future of digital rights in Tanzania
Under Magufuli's administration, civil society, media and digital rights have been rapidly declining as a result of the restriction of freedom of expression and freedom of expression.
After the sudden death of Magufuli, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country   after six years of administration that continued to promote digital rights in the countr
Global Voices talked to some government officials with no mention on the new regulations and the state of human rights and freedom of expression online.
A Tanzanian human rights expert told Global Voices, with no mention:
These regulations are unjust because anyone can be charged, as not many citizens understand the definition of these regulations.
Another thought that the government is considering social media a crime.
He cautioned citizens to take a caution when talking on public platforms because the government has legal powers to get their information through the owners of the platforms.
The 2020 Online Content Regulations make it impossible for anyone to be identified online, under Article 9(e), residential residential service providers should provide information about their content
These regulations contribute to criminal crimes of discrimination, prohibiting the right to discrimination, prohibiting punishment for violations of these regulations and providing authorities to the
EPOCA contradicts the international levels of digital rights.
Overall, these regulations controversialize freedom of expression and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, the Tanzanian government is responsible to respect and protect the rights of expression and gathering   including journalists, civil society members, and civil society members.
These rights are important for facilitating the right to vote.
Tanzania is under digital rights crisis.
Under a recently inaugurated President Hassan, the question is whether the Revolutionary Party will continue to silence and restrict digital rights in the country?
Editor's note: The author of this article has requested that his name be dismissed for security reasons.
Taking Tanzania forward was not easy, when President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
His slogan was Happy To Work, appearing in green and yellow colours, the colours of the ruling party in Tanzania, the Revolutionary Party, led by Mandela Mbeki.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people are gathering in sports stadiums, airports and roadsides, in various parts of Tanzania, where the body of a human body is displaced.
Magufuli was announced dead at the age of 61, on March 17, during a speech by former Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan, aired at the National Health Centre in Kenya.
He was allegedly dead of a heart illness:
Report of the Death of President of the Republic of Tanzania.
The sudden death of Magufuli, however, has left Tanzanians, and others, wondering about the future of politics and governance in the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was inaugurated as the sixth president of Tanzania, making a history of being the first woman born on the island.
Under Tanzania's constitution, Hassan will serve for the remaining five-year term of Magufuli's five-year term until 2025.
In this short video, widely circulated on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about her ability to lead as a woman:
To those who are suspicious that she will be the president of the United Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell you that this woman who stood here is the president.
[makofi]  I would like to repeat that the person who stood here is the president of the United Republic of Tanzania, female.
While Tanzanians are mourning Magufuli and thinking about the sudden change, many seem to be hopeful with Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, leader of ACT Wazalendo, hopes and hopes for Hassani in his activism and work as a civil society member.
The beautiful 20-minute story of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes shared by himself.
He says he was an activist.
He was a member of civil society.
Thanks Chambi for making me see this.
It's not too tired to listen.
While Hassan is more known as a person who loves reconciliation, calling for unity and peace in this transition, Magufuli is known as the bulidoza, a name for the country's political party.
Remembering Magufuli
Canga remembers longtime John Magufuli, the fifth president of Tanzania, who passed away on March 17, 2021.
Welcome our father for you soon / We will forever remember our hero
Many Tanzanians   and Africans in general remember Magufuli on social media with bad and good.
The worst and good of Magufuli cannot be contested similarly, and that means the memory he leaves behind has his own controversy but more important.
The camps of Magufuli supporters and anti-Magufuli should not be agreed and the debate will continue for years.
Magufuli gained popularity in the first days of his presidency for his promises to fight against corruption.
His efforts to start large projects aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industry development raised the hope of many Tanzanians to secure themselves after decades.
Last April, Magufuli refused a $10 billion (US dollars) loan from China for a major port project intended to be implemented in China.
President Magufuli towards the last year's elections.
It reads: You Promised You Did Thank Us.
It is filled with images of Magufuli's achievements in road construction, buying of aircraft, bridge construction and modern railway.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His anti-corruption stance also attracted Western countries, and the media initially wrote his stance with a positive view.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as a son of Africa and an African defender.
Others remember him as a popular president preceding popularity more than anything else:
I have been watching Tanzania mourning John Magufuli.
We denounced his dictatorship and criticized him for his ignorance of science, but clearly, by looking at the people standing on the road [congratulating him], this guy was a good man.
However, Magufuli's administration was corrupt and affected human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, organizations Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee for Protection of Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been operating in the United States
Tanzania ran sixth in the Freedom of Expression Index that measured democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
When the Parliament discussed the Political Parties Act in January 2019, which was criticized for suppressing political parties, was interpreted as a bad indication of political parties.
Magufuli's administration several times used various laws such as the Electronic Communications and Postal Communications (EPOCA), or the Electronic Crimes Act (Online Content) Act.
The 2020 reform of regulations aimed at preventing citizens from spreading information that causes peace violations or expression and content containing information that causes persecution or intimid
Citizens couldn't speak anything about the earthquake that hit the coastal areas last month, despite news of an explosion that happened several months later.
And during two weeks of rumors about Magufuli's particular presence and health in early March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about Magufuli's presence.
Or died of Corona?
Magufuli reportedly died of a cardiac illness which he has been receiving treatment for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many questioning if he was infected by the Corona Virus (UVIKO-19).
For many  especially in Western countries Magufuli will be remembered for denying the Corona virus in his country.
When the epidemic emerged in Tanzania, the government took action and guidelines to combat the spread of the epidemic, but later, the epidemic was repeated.
He often opposed the international guidelines on health principles such as wearing clothes, avoiding conflicts and vaccines, urging citizens to opt for natural treatment and treatment.
After Magufuli banned the announcement of the Corona data last April, he insisted that Corona has failed with power.
Later, he announced that Tanzania is not contaminated with Corona.
Although it is impossible to say how much Corona affected Tanzania, we know is that Corona did not leave.
When the new Corona epidemic took place in January, many Tanzanians shared their experiences on social networks sharing their experiences on social media.
With knowledge that they could be arrested for Corona discussion, the discussions went to the title of new nimonia and breathing challenges.
But Magufuli continued his anti-vaccine stance in a speech he gave at his home in Chato, on January 27:
If a white could come with a vaccine, he would have discovered AIDS; he would have discovered the cause of heart failure; and now he would have got a vaccine for malaria; he would have got a vaccine
This could be considered a break back to Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who once served as a world ambassador in security in early 2016.
Last month, Magufuli finally admitted that his country has a coronavirus problem, urging Tanzanians to wear their own bracelets.
Activists say Magufuli's move to change the perception of Corona was contributed to the death of Zanzibar's Vice President Seif Sharif Hamad.
Several high-ranking officials from the prominent political class near Magufuli have died of the disease.
While masses of people continue to gather to express their last respects to the former president, his death has made some sense.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social media to talk about her life throughout her time.
In a long tweet on Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the Corona epidemic started to emerge worldwide.
Tanzania was not left.
But in April 2020 we stopped all collective efforts to control the spread of the epidemic in the country.
In his last tweets, he said:
Did he die of Corona?
Yes, of course.
This and that.
And them.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But not those you want to talk about not?
They are not the story itself.
It is part of the story.
A friend is looking for you.
Can you?
Can we make this issue among us?
Please do it.
I will do it.
Tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze describes the changes in Magufuli's positions, but uses the technique of understanding other feelings, a technique that seems to be the most important of the co
Tanzanians agree with the controversy and seriousness of Magufuli's death and the memory he leaves behind while their eyes are shut down looking forward.
Who has the power to decide what should appear and what should not appear online?
This is the important question asked by activist and writer Jillian C. York in her next book, Silicon Values,* which is set to release on March 20.
On Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00pm GMT, Jillian will join Global Voices managing director Ivan Sigal for a video chat about his book, The Life in the World.
Jillian, who is the Director of International Freedom of Expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and a most popular Global Voices member, says:
The show is free and open to the public and will be live on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitter.
We are looking forward to see you joining us on Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00pm GMT (click here to see local time)!
*Buying this book through the link will help support Global Voices.
A young man looks at his mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, by USAID / Digital Development on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first Corona virus was reported in Tanzania in mid-March, 2020.
However, after the numbers continued to rise to 509 cases and 21 deaths in late April, the Tanzanian government declared that none of the cases were discovered.
The same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told the parliament that there were only 66 cases across the country, but did not give more explanation.
Since then, the government has been silent about the Corona virus with heavy political declarations denying the existence of the virus continue to be issued without consideration.
Today, many activities are going on as normal, including the tourism sector in Tanzania, which attracts thousands of visitors to the country through the football stadiums.
Zanzibar Airport received the lowest two stars in the health and safety review by Skytrax Verifying Safety At Airports.
According to the Skytrax report, two newly outbreaked South African virus cases were confirmed to leave Denmark on January 19.
The largest and most exciting music festival, Voices of Wisdom, will take place in mid-February in Zanzibar, contributed to the Global Voices Festival.
On January 24, the Catholic Province of Arusha issued a warning statement to its faithful against the existence of the UVIKO-19 in Tanzania, urging its faithful to follow caution.
Although records show Tanzania has fewer cases compared to other countries, the government's silence about the data of UVIKO-19 has brought concern.
The country amended the 2018 version of the Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations (Online Content) Regulations (Online Content) in July, blocking content containing information containing
Although the initial control measures were taken, now schools, universities, offices, and other community activities are back.
However, the virus continues to spread throughout the country.
President John Magufuli expressed concern about the quality of laboratory materials and transparency of his experts after secret experiments allegedly been carried out using peppers and sheep.
The president said he said that providing these data was unreasonable and shortly after, he fired Nyambura Moremi, director of the health laboratory.
The UVIKO-19 team created by the minister was also broken.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national prayer.
He made the announcement publicly during a Sunday celebration, among creditors who praised him, claiming that God has responded to their prayers.
Magufuli praised the believers for not wearing shirts, despite calls from the World Health Organization to ask people to wear shirts to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, who was referred to as a bulldozer for his strong stance against corruption, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in the presidential elections.
Before the elections, Tanzanians were surprised by the shutdown on the internet where all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were blocked.
So far, many Tanzanians cannot enter Twitter without using a VPN.
Over the last five years, Magufuli’s administration has banned freedom of democracy and civil activities as well as restricted freedom of expression and the right to access information.
Following the government's strong denial of the existence of UVIKO-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any UVIKO-19 data that the government has not verified, meaning that they are not allowed
The right to access to UVIKO-19 information has become a preference for some category, according to one national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices for an interview:
Unlike other countries with special teams working on UVIKO-19, Tanzania has a website with few updates on UVIKO-19.
The resistance to the presence of UVIKO-19 seems to be accepted by many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore the key prevention measures.
Global Voices visited several hospitals including Muhimbili, a government appeal hospital located in Dar es Salaam, the country's cultural capital, as well as several other hospitals in the country.
People are not allowed to enter the hospital areas without wearing clothes, there are few cleaning utensils and drinking utensils and those existing are not water or damaged, so that the hospitals ar
While Magufuli's administration has not shown concern about the effects of the virus on the daily lives of citizens, many ministers of his government and departments agree that the virus will not be
Tanzania's Finance Minister urges his Ministry staff to take all warnings to protect themselves from the Coronavirus, while saying Tanzania is not suffering from the Coronavirus.
Image from Mwananchi.
When Magufuli was inaugurated for the second time last year, government authorities took massive warnings against UVIKO-19, forcing all participants to test their attendance.
On January 25, Tanzania's Minister of Finance, Dr. Philip Mpango urged his ministry officials to take action against UVIKO-19 and at the same time denied that the country's financial crisis has been
Many local experts are afraid of speaking,   for fear of action.
Global Voices spoke to a health professional who believed that Tanzania might be facing a second wave of explosions but thought that citizens were hidden away from the ground.
The expert did not want to be named, afraid of action.
Another health professional told Global Voices on anonymous point that people should know the state of the UVIKO-19 situation so that they can take awareness about the crisis:
He said that leaving people in the dark makes their job difficult but he believed that Tanzanians will try to protect themselves by taking all the cautions they want.
He told Global Voices:
Politicians have taken the entire UVIKO-19 issue and are playing a dangerous game, but when people start dying they will start evacuating health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices without mentioning his name said that although there is hope for protection, the Tanzanian government's statements were not clear.
In December 2020, Health Minister Gerald Chamii expressed concern about worldwide vaccines, told the East African newspaper:
It does not take even six months to get a vaccine or treatment for some disease.
We have stopped ourselves since the explosion, I am not sure if it is wrong to introduce the protection and distribute it to the public without medical testimonies to confirm the effectiveness of the
Access to information is an important issue for democracy and development.
Tanzania's Internet access laws have been misused to silence the voices by those speaking against the way Tanzania is dealing with the UVIK issue.
Freedom of expression, including the right to get, receive, and distribute information, is protected by international law.
In Tanzania, the right to be informed, access to information and dissemination, is recognized by Article 18(1) and 18(2) of the Constitution of the Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights appear to be more theory than reality.
As the government denies the existence of HIV/AIDS and the existence of laws that prevent people from expressing information and commenting on the disease, online and on the streets, Tanzanians have
This post is part of a series of posts that investigate the interference of digital rights during internal bans to control the spread of UVIKO-19 in the country.
The project is funded by the Digital Rights Africa Foundation run by the International ICT Policies for East and Latin Africa.
Image showing graduation of police training in Mozambique | screenshot of August 19, STV  Youtube, by the author
The Mozambican police documents exposed to the media in early August confirmed that 15 students were pregnant while in a hospital in Mozambique.
The documents say that the pregnancies are a result of a sexual relationship between students and students without explaining whether the relationship was legal.
It is however stated that pregnant students will not be able to complete their studies now, and will travel back to their homes paying transport by the police.
Finally the report said that the responsible students will be suspended.
Asked by the newspaper O País on August 8, the Commander of the Police Force General Bernardino Rafael said that all the involved will receive transparency.
It took no longer before the case was condemned on social media.
Several netizens clearly expressed their disappointment with the school's decision and demanded justice for the women.
Harajati Fátima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
The issue of Matalane should be taken seriously.
I am very heartbreaked by the pregnancy of 15 students of the Matalane Recruitment Centre.
This is a great thing.
It is a big thing because as the documents show the involved are students.
Now one man with power over another is aborting and the result is a little process?
This reminds me about a teacher who demanded sexual corruption on his students in order to give them pornography or not to harass them in classroom because in his perspective these students were not
And there she continues her execution.
Txeka, a women's rights activist, also condemned the issue on Twitter:
Matalane case
Creating a social equality society in protecting equal rights for citizens requires equal education and development policies that concern people’s development and knowledge.
Matalane case
Blaming violence against women is a common thing in modern societies, known for harassing women and making them respect to the demands of men and resulting in male discrimination.
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
A little small part of the ice that is observing and Matalane is our home.
I think the day they will start to express their mistakes, starting from their childhood.
Journalist and activist Selma Inocência said:
A few teachers have been taken to court, charged and sentenced.
They are responsible for losing their children thousands of girls.
School is not a safe place.
Statistics show that hundreds of girls get pregnant at school and other responsible include teachers, teachers and school officials.
A petition has been approved demanding punishment to the responsible police officers.
So far more than 3,8000 people have signed.
For the government this issue is fundamental and is undergoing a comprehensive investigation at the level of the ministry and the chief of the Mozambican police force.
The United Republic cannot and will not accept such issues.
The law must take its position and it is for everyone.
Nobody is under the law.
The investigation continues to investigate all the information in this case and take into account the pregnant women’s psychological and sentimental status of the pregnant women because they deserv
Another case
This is a continuation of the violence cases Mozambican women face which are not reported in the media.
One of the cases that have recently holded headlines is the case of Alberto Niquice, Chairman of the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is accusing his president of protesting against the
Earlier this year, 30 civil society organizations in Mozambique called for Niquice to be resigned after he was re-elected in 2019.
However, the vice president took the office and is working as usual in the parliament.
Another media case in the media is about the abuse carried out by Josina Machel, daughter of Mozambique's first president, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three-year-old couple Rofini Licuco left in one eye.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 and 4 months in prison for 300 million meticals (US$4.2 million) to Josina.
However Rofino refused to appeal and in June this year the Supreme Court of Appeals dismissed the case on allegations that there was no enough evidence in this case.
This Tuesday, donate to Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
2020 has become the only year it has yet to be completed.
Among all, we at Global Voices have continued to publish stories from all four corners of the world, bringing our readers an unique view of the world.
The Global Voices bloggers, journalists, journalists and digital rights activists have been working for over 16 years to build bridges throughout the world.
Please Share Global Voices this Tuesday
Our work with our international community is evidence that human relationships regardless of different cultures can change the way people live.
Please donate today to help us continue this important work.
<< Share Global Voices >>
December 2004.
You had to be a university student to use Facebook, Twitter was yet to be used, prejudices were still living at the highest levels.
Our phones were still intelligent, the delivery meant water and you would call the technician to repair, and Amazon.com was not capable of selling some of the products.
There were many news websites, blogs were available and worked well, and we had already started talking online.
That was when Global Voices was born.
We have been for 15 years!
At the age of the dog, that is 110 years.
For years of the internet, that is 1000 years.
Today we want to use this opportunity to thank our prominent authors around the world and our trustful readers and colleagues for giving Global Voices power and strength.
Since 2004, we have helped cover the global news.
We have published nearly 100,000 posts, and created special posts aimed at empowering underdeveloped communities to use digital media and fight for digital activism.
Without you, there would not be Global Voices.
Help us complete 15 years.
We completely need your help.
Individual donations help us protect our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions grow and change.
Please support us today!
Donate NOW!
Passengers cross the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Photo by Enock4seth via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a quick decision to fight UVIKO-19.
The African Center for Disease Control (ACDC) formed the UVIKO-19 team on February 5, before the continent has not seen any case.
Today, Africa, which is currently the least affected region in the world with 1,293,048 confirmed cases of UVIKO-19 and the most interesting region in the world is the most interesting region in the
The continent has less than 5 percent of cases reported worldwide and less than 1 percent of all deaths occurring worldwide.
Now, if African countries  led by the United Nations  are suspending the COVID-19 sanctions and preparing to reopen their economic and borders, many governments are using these techniques to protect
The collective demand, of an African technology that can monitor the distribution and connect COVID-19 test centers across the continent has led to the use of PanaBIOS, a technology that can monitor
PanaBIOS has released a software based on downloads and websites and algorithms to monitor people at risk of health and provides a record of tests from origin to date.
This technology is created by Koldchain, an emerging Kenyan institution, and funded by AfroChampions, a public and private collaboration designed to bring together resources together.
Ghana is the only country this time using PanaBIOS as it opens its borders.
PanaBIOS  to ensure passengers can use the results of tests from other countries to meet the needs of port registration for the country they fly through an application-app.
Health officials in the port are using an application-based software to verify health documents in equal way for all countries.
Full data protection laws
The African Coalition and CDCP are encouraging member nations to participate in a digital platform, PanaBIOS to facilitate results across the continent.
But the interference between health statistics has raised many questions about the accuracy and privacy of data.
Government monitoring and censorship can increase fear and threaten freedom of citizenship, especially in a continent where only 27 out of 54 countries have complete civil security laws.
Other African countries, like Ghana, have changed their laws to give the president emergency responsibility by ordering telecommunication companies to provide personal information about the disaster
To ensure the protection and privacy of data, all the PanaBIOS machine learning techniques are in general data.
This is a data collected edited for statistical analysis  not a personal data targeting people except for monitoring the recipient, where it will be necessary to control the recipient, where it will
To ensure prevention of interference, the African Union, PanBIOS, and its allies must propose how to implement different countries’ data protection laws.
Currently, the pragram-user does not have a public privacy policy, which explains users the rules of gathering and sharing data.
The challenge is how privacy policies will achieve various objectives, national, national, and regional objectives of data protection laws such as the African Union’s Convention on Data Protection
Technological solutions contribute effectively to tackle COVID-19 in Africa
In addition to PanaBIOS, some African nations have made a reaction to technology in fighting the COVID-19 disease.
For example, scientists from Sengal have made a COVID-19 test device costing $1 and 3D patients.
Wellvis, a Nigerian emerging organization, developed a COVID-19 measurer, an independent tool to help users measure their risk of HIV/AIDS.
The South African government used WhatsApp to provide interactive conversations to answer normal questions about false stories, symptoms and treatment of diseases.
And in Uganda, market women used the Garden Market software to sell their products at home using this software, then a motorcycle train to take the buyer and take a motorbike to take the customer to
Africa’s success in controlling and managing COVID-19 outbreak is linked to elderly population, the ability to measure and monitor dead, and the possibility of existence of controversial infection
But it is clear that technological research has contributed significantly to the detection of COVID-19, despite decision-making at the beginning of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu, deputy doctor at Bill and Melinda Foundation summarized how, in January, while many Sixth West nations, Ethiopia started a cabamber screening:
Rwanda became the first country in Africa to suspend ordinary holidays on March 21, with several African countries following: South Africa implemented a suspension of ordinary holidays on March 21.
(With that population, Italy had more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths.)
In comparison to the opposite, the number of people affected by death in Latin America is six times the number of Africans.
Public health experts estimated that the disaster would affect Africa and dead bodies sitting on the streets.
Obviously, Africa has confirmed otherwise.
This story based on a survey by Factcheck Lab, a Hong Kong-based truth verification agency, who is also a Global Voices contributor whose author is Global Voices contributor.
Since September 22, a Chinese social media report and social media publication quoted not only that the World Health Agency chief executive of the World Health Organization, the World Health Organiza
These reports and publications quote the source of a minute video produced by China TV under China Miaopai video sharing software.
The video shows a speech by SAD Chief Executive Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus speaking about the importance of promoting UVIKO-19 vaccination, followed by Dr.Swaminatha's statements by Dr. Swaminatha's
In a CCTV video, where its short description says WHO Chief Executive: China's UVIKO-19 vaccines are certainly effective (), here is Swaminath's report.
As you know, they also have an automatic vaccination program and some vaccinations are standing forward in clinical testing, this is also our benefit, we are following it and we are following it with
Other partners have confirmed the benefit from the underway clinical experiments.
But Dr.Swaminathan's original speech has been edited.
His last sentence, in fact, started with the word if, and the background music made it look like he said it confirmed instead of confirmed.
Dr.Swaminathan's complete statement is the following :
We have been involved in the discussion with China over the past months because, you know, they also have an automatic vaccination program and many of their vaccinations are standing forward.
We have had a constructive discussion with them and they have always emphasized their voluntary volunteers around the world  as some of their vaccines have passed clinical tests.
So I think the conversations are still clear and we hope many countries will ignore it.
These statements were made at the SAD independent reporting conference on September 21.
A full copy of the one-hour event can be found here.
The conference intended to submit a declaration on the $18 billion US WHO and other organizations to deliver the vaccine in the future.
As of now, 156 nations have registered in the program; not China nor the Latin America.
As estimated, the CCTVT video, along with the news report and publishing publications, has attracted political attention.
The post on Weibo by the Daily Economic News has received more than 337,000 likes.
Below are some of the most popular comments:
I am so proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the Middle Vuli Festival.
You can't imagine China's power.
I proud of my country.
China has saved the world.
After observers certainly indicate Dr.'s words are misleading, some media outlets, including CGTN and CCTV, deleted their social media posts.
Among them is the Chinese Communist Youth League, whose post was posted by Twitter user @Emi2020JP before he disappeared from Weibo:
Tedros should be treated first.
Like @Emi2020JP, many Twitter users believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, posting his disappointment with Tedros:
Tedros is a toilet struggle!
I will pay for Tedros an additional challenge!
Yesterday my mom told me, the news here said America will buy a lot of vaccines from China.
I don't need to explain.Let them live in their fantasy.
Very good work, from stopping the spread of the virus to the sale of vaccines!
Although publications in Chinese have been deleted, video copies are still circulating on social media, such as this public post WeChat.
Hong Kong-based news outlets, such as Speak Out HK (and Today Review (), have also published stories from the video.
There are about 200 UVIKO-19 vaccines in different clinical phases around the world, and most of them have been prepared by Chinese libraries.
No one has passed the 3rd phase of testing now.
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans took to the streets on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other cities against the police brutality.
The protests began after shocking news broke out about the death of Dr. Silvio Dala, 35, who died on September 1 while under medical care.
According to authorities, Dala left his car from the David Bernardino Children's Hospital in Luanda, where he works as the Director of Health Care.
The doctor was taken to the Catotes police station in the neighborhood of Rocha Pinto, and when he showed signs of force and began to fall, he fell badly.
It also said that Dala died while police officers were taking him to a hospital.
The Doctors Union opposed the report.
The party's president, Adriano Manuel, told Voice of America (VOA) that there is a controversy in the description of the authorities which shows that the doctor was solved.
Manuel told DW that  the cause of the death described by the police is not real.
Anyone who is a doctor and has studied medicine will know this is not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, a news source from the interior ministry says that the investigation was carried out in front of the family and the prosecutor and it was confirmed that the doctor had suffered from
The party has said that it will take legal action with the police.
Meanwhile the Angolan government has formed a commission that will collaborate with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
Organizers do not believe in the police report about Dala's death.
Posters used by protesters in various parts of Luanda said: No Murder, You are paid to protect us, you are not paid to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, I am Silvio Dala.
There were also calling for Interior Minister Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
The protest was organized by the Doctors Union in collaboration with organizations and civil society organizations.
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the beginning of the coronavirus outbreak in Angola, there have been reported several cases of police using massive violence during investigations and sometimes leading to deaths.
Speaking to  Lusa, rap musician Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is  Bruno Santos, called for Lugarinho to resign and also called for the police school.
The police army is an institution that should give people courage, but today people are lacking courage, they are afraid when they meet the police, he ended.
Protest against the death of Dr Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many have transferred the protests to Facebook and WhatsApp pages to protest the incident.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
THE COUNTRY'S POLICE ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THE DEATH OF DR SILVIO DALA
The images are very powerful and right.
We must all demand justice.
The police of this country must pay for their crimes.
Things cannot still be this.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chairman of the board of directors of Sonangol oil company, the daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDala sábado announced pacífica e silenciosa march by the Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA), calling on all health professionals to stay in place.
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#IMINiSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Society of National Medical Association of Angola (SINMEA) announced a peaceful and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other society organizations and civil society to protest
Headline: Angolans take to the streets protesting the police brutality and demanding the murder.
Meanwhile, also on Twitter Alejandro questioned the participation of social media mobilizers in Angola in the event:
When George Floyd was dead the Influencers Angolanos expressed their support for Black Lives Matter, but with the passing of Angolan medico Sílvio Dala with the death of Angolan medico Sílvio Dala
Ale Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed the Angolan netizens online expressed their support for the process of Black Life Has Value, but in his death of his death, his death was increasingly important.
Hachalu Hundessa interviewed with OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
Editor's Quote: This is a two-part commentary about Hachalu Hundessa, a popular Oromo musician whose murder sparked religious and religious violence.
Read Second Episode here
Ethopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained popularity for his creativity and talent to identify the public about the Oromo people.
He was killed in the borders of Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, on June 29.
That night at three and a half, when Hachalu left his vehicle, a man named Tilahun Yami walked towards his car and shot him.
He was rushed to a close hospital where it was officially confirmed that he had died.
It was later discovered that the shot destroyed its internal parts.
The chief of the Addis Ababa police reported that two suspects have been arrested.
After a few days authorities sentenced the murderers and two allies.
With his killing, the country has entered a difficult time to stop the following violence.
The truth is that Hachalu’s murder has not been clearly disclosed and as a result, rumors started to spread after politicians and activists made a strong emphasis on the killing of Hachalu.
On his funeral day, mourners flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities surrounding Oromo province.
The next morning Oromia Media Network (OMN), where Hachalu finally performed his final interview, broadcasted special coverage of the protests.
The short-term broadcast turned into a place of clashes between government authorities and opposition leaders, with discussions about where he is residing.
Ten people were killed and several injured in Addis Ababa.
The clash led to the arrest of some opposition leaders including Jawar Mohammed of OMN leader and opposition leader Bekele Gerba.
The controversy emerged after authorities took Hachalu's body and took him to their city Ambo on a helicopter, where the two parties continued to discuss the situation.
After that violence and clashes followed.
The fighting took three days blocked some areas in Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real damage is: the deaths of 239 people and hundreds injured, more than hundreds have been injured.
On June 30, the government tried to block the internet to prevent the spread of violence on social media for three weeks.
Several people were shot dead by security forces but some news sources such as Voice of America and Addis Standard reported that groups of people were shot down by security forces.
The most violent violence was in the Amahara-Oromo region and religion might have played a major role because of the current understanding that: the Amahara-Oromo community has been playing a major r
One farmer said that we thought Hachalu was an Oromo after watching live broadcasts showing Hachalu's funeral.
According to the report, most of the victims were Amhara Christians, Oromo Christians and Gurage people.
One witness said that the groups destroyed and burned properties and killed the victims by keeping the heads and feet of the victims.
The Interview Prediction
When the news about Hachalu's murder was heard, the Oromo diaspora news sources involved his death and the last interviews Hachalu made with his parents.
During the interview, Gayo repeatedly questioned Hachalu mtego questions about his support for the ruling party and also stopped him when responding.
Hachalu refused to support the ruling party but also criticized conflicts and separations in Oromo political parties, demonstrating his freedom of expression as a musician which he demonstrated that
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historical abuse of the Oromo people by King Menelik II who built the current Ethiopia.
Hachalu surprised many audiences when he said that the Menelik canoe collected in a statue in Addis Ababa was the property of an Oromo farmer named Abdullah.
The response attracted praise and criticism from various people on Facebook and Twitter.
When Hachalu was killed a week later many Oromo communities abroad felt that Hachalu's criticism of the Menelik II statue inspired them.
On social networks citizens boycotted what Hachalu said against Menelik, leading to a spread of rumors with many false information.
Another part of the interview contains information about separation and conflict within the Oromo community.
In all of the interviews Guyo mined Hachalu about the political changes in the country and the anti-government movement asking questions about the Minister of Politics and the anti-government movemen
Hachalu repeatedly said he is not involved in Oromo politics but criticized all those who judge Abiy's patriotism.
He protected his position against the main opposition leaders linked to Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which has once been close to the main party's major party.
The TPLF became an opposition party after Abiy dissolved the EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke about the political violence in Oromo region blaming both the government authorities and the militant group.
Following the murder of Hachalu, the government was able to take a 71-minute interrogation zone and launch it to public.
The region includes messages of murder threats used by Hachalu from the Western Oromo sides, where OLF-Shane militant forces are carrying out their activities in the country.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he praised OLF-Shane.
He directly spoke about the conflict between him and Getachew Assefa, the Ethiopian Security Officer during the TPLF in office.
Guyo, who broadcasted the interview on Facebook calling it must be seen a few days before its airing, has been arrested by police since the broadcast of the interview.
Read more about the consequences of the murder of Hachalu Hundessa in Section II.
Screenshot from the Guardian YouTube video about kidnapping.
The COVID-19 crisis has affected women’s rights in Middle East and North Africa; from increasing home violence to loss of lives.
But there is one clear region where women have been affected which I am harassment, and this is after the outbreak of the Corona disaster and the tactics to deal with it.
In April, the United Nations announced that from the restrictions due to the coronavirus efforts, there are 2 million cases of exploitation which have been reported in the country.
Masturbation includes activities of cutting part or totally a part of the outside of the vagina, or infecting parts of the vagina without any relationship or medical idea, according to the World Heal
This tradition is a traditional and religious culture that has roots across Africa, Middle East and Asia, and is carried out by traditional vigilantes, medical practitioners with handcuffs, handcuffs
Kissing, also known as secret abuse, is believed to be one of the widespread violence against girls and women, and it is still reportedly reported in the country.
An estimated 200 million women have been affected.
This is well described by UNICEF in a video:
In the Middle East and Northern African region, corruption is a problem that primarily affects Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, a Child Protection Consultant, explains more,
Somalia is estimated to have the highest number of victims of sex with 98 percent of women between 15 and 49 have been sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually sexually
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent have been affected, Egypt 92, Sudan 88, Mauritania 69, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7 percent according to the World Health Organization.
This varies based on social class, ethnicity and educational levels in each country and in urban or rural areas.
Torture often occurs among the poorest or in families that are not educated in rural areas.
In Yemen, corruption has raised roots in the Coastal region but it is little taking place in the North.
In Iraq, this act has spread widely in the northern part of Kurdish province.
In Egypt it is mostly done for girls living in the Upper Egyptian Strip.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from the poorest families have been subjected to sexual abuse compared to 37 percent of women from the poorest families.
BRUTALITY: The Most Reported Violence
The scale and breakdown of the exploitation will be ignored because the world has no real image of the complete exploitation, according to a collective report starting in March.
The report pointed out that this tradition is growing and also taking place in Middle East and Asia, and the world has certainly ignored this tradition.
Recent researches show that kidnapping is also conducted in Iran, as well as all the Gulf countries such as Kuwait, the Arab Republic, Oman and Iraq.
Divya Srinivasan from Usawa Sasa told Reuters that she was extremely surprised by the results of the small survey from regions such as Oman and Saudi Arabia where the results of the survey have been
This report was published during the rapid COVID-19 crisis in the Middle East and was not published nor translated by media and online media.
The society’s lack of understanding of kidnapping can prove the concept that kidnapping is not completely important.
Social Movements
In the Middle East, there are buildings around women’s bodies where it is banned to discuss secret issues such as kidnapping which is connected to imagination.
For example, in Egypt, Christians and Muslims together believe that kissing of girls makes them more interested in their expected husbands and protects them from the worst, as well as that they have
The Institute continues to gather more data on kidnapping and has created a data collection method that will help individuals or groups conduct research in the country.
People prefer to avoid conversations and subjects of harassment maybe there will be an incident that highlights the headlines like the death of a 12-year-old girl who died after being abducted after
Ghida Hussein, an Egyptian student, told Global Voices that:
Since we do not talk about this, it is as if the problem is not completely disappearing.
Burning is being carried out silently behind the closed doors.
It happens away from educated urban people where activists and politicians are sitting.
Harassment is a complex issue and maybe the international community should provide financial support and mobilization, you will not see a male class society paying something that they are paying for
Breaking the windows and speaking about harassment makes human rights defenders being attacked in languages of hatred and hate.
In Oman, women's rights activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Omani Institute for Human Rights  conducted a small survey in 2017 in Oman and looked at women's rights in the country.
After publishing the results of his survey online, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of the survey online and the response was huge.
I have been attacked by religious supporters who said kidnapping is part of the Muslim practice.
In Oman, where kidnapping is not officially recognized, there is no protection for the victims.
Habiba added this in his statement:
How can you tell the rescuer to talk about the kissing and then face all the effects including criticism, discrimination even family or family members?
I don't expect these women to stand up and talk with courage and face the society.
Avoiding Kidnapping: It's Simple, Not Enough
In Yemen and the Arab Union, kidnapping is prohibited only in health centers, but not in homes.
In Mauritania, there is legal detention but not immediately restricted.
In Iraq, kidnapping is banned in the Kurdish state of Kurdish, but it is still legal in the central Iraqi region.
There have been signs of stopping kicking.
In the years after the establishment of a women's rights institution, Egypt has banned sex in 2008.
In the political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, Sudan has been the first to ban exploitation in April.
But the implementation of the law is a major challenge because kidnapping is still high and acceptable and acceptable is also distributed in many parts of the country.
Although laws are not an important weapon but they are not enough.
Countries need a national plan and strategy that is implemented including the police, the judiciary, health care providers, and education to the community.
A series of regional disasters and dictatorships have delayed change preventing campaigns and resources to fight for women’s situation.
Now the world's attention has been directed to the fighting COVID-19 and its effects on the economy and many programs that are directly responsible for women's rights.
With many poor families and many girls who are left school or married at the age of 1, harassment is as if it remains unknown in the region.
Photo by Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, a prominent lecturer and critic of the Nigerian government, was abducted on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa near Kaduna, Northern Nigeria.
A year after her kidnapping Dadiyata has yet to be found.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was kidnapped in his home in Kaduna province, Nigeria.
His appearances are yet to be known.
His family and friends are wanting answers to their questions: where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is a victim of loss #DayDay #ReleaseDadiyata.
Dadiyata was a student at the University of Dutsinma, in Katsina Province.
As an opposition member of the People's Democratic Party Dadiyata always connected with members of the ruling People's Democratic Party (PDP).
Read More: Fear against the kidnapping of Nigerian government critic
All institutions of the provincial and central government do not engage in anything
Dadiyata was violently arrested by kidnappers at 6 p.m. when she arrived her home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, reported the Premium Times.
Dadiyata's wife, Kadija recalled that her husband was talking to the phone while the engine of her car was shut down,
Although Kadija could not hear what was talking about or who was talking to her on the phone, she recalls that her husband's kidnappers were following her and came to her and they came to her.
Dadiyata’s wife remained looking at the window of their room while her husband was taken and left the kidnappers.
Worst, you don't have any information about where she was in Dadiyata.
It is so hard how their children continue to ask their lost father, Kadija told the BBC.
Rather than searching for Dadiyata, Nigerian security agencies have continued to blame for any kind of accusations related to his disappearance.
The Nigerian National Defence Agency, until January, continued to refuse to detain Dadiyata.
The National Defence Department says that since Dadiyata was taken his home by armed men does not mean that they are Security Department officials.
Also Kaduna Provincial Attorney General, Aisha Dikko, refused to know where she was or responsible for the killing of Dadiyata.
It is whatever against and irresponsible to believe that if he was kidnapped in the province of Kaduna then the state government is responsible, said Dikko.
However, denying responsibility for the National Security and the Kaduna provincial government did not eliminate Dadiyata’s wife and their two children nor freedom.
Applications for the release of Dadiyata are still being broadcasted on Twitter under the hashtag #OneYearWithoutDadiyata, as a demand for her freedom of speech.
Bulama Bukarti complained about the pain that this prison has caused the Dadiyata family:
It is surprising how a Nigerian can die.
We must continue to do everything that is possible to unite Dadiyata with her family.
There is no place for such punishment.
Those who killed Dadiyata will come to pay the expense.
If not now then it should be later.
This Twitter user was surprised when he heard the interview of Dadiyata's wife:
I was surprised to hear Dadiyata's wife interviewing @bbchausa, this morning.
The only thing she asks is that the kidnappers forgive her and allow her husband to be back with her family, especially her small children.
Akin Akíntáyọ does not understand how  Dadiyata can die without knowing where she was for the year:
The question I wonder is how Dadiyata and her car lost without leaving the sign for the rest of the year in Nigeria; and not the government is not concerned about it.
Unfortunately, nobody cares about looking for the critic:
Instead all provincial government institutions and central government are struggling to avoid allegations of not doing anything said human rights activist Professor Chidema.
Instead of saying they don't know where, nobody has shown efforts to tell us what they have done to find him and how they should not be involved with him.
This shows you how little we are as small citizens.
All we can do is ask where is Dadiyata and why does our government do not find him?
Students in Kaduna Province, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed militants attacked a high school in Kaduna, North Western Nigeria on August 24 killing one person and kidnapping four students and a student.
The men with arms came and attacked Damba-Kasaya village in the Chikun street government of Chikun, Kaduna province at 6.45pm in their motorcycles.
The armed men went to Prince High School where they kidnapped teacher Christianah Madugu and four students who are Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 9, and Miracle Danjuma, 9.
Happy's father,  Isiaka Odoji,  told Daily Trust, the Nigerian daily newspaper that the kidnappers are demanding Naira 20 million Naira (approximately US $20 million).
The kidnapped students were performing their primary education exam.
Due to the Coronavirus outbreak, only school students were allowed to return to school.
The central government and the state of Kaduna remain silent about the celebrations of the kidnapped students and their teacher.
Ordinary Day in Nigeria
Twitter user Ndi Kato said this is a national satisfaction:
Today in Kaduna province, high school children who were ordered to continue school have been kidnapped by armed men.
One person has been reportedly killed, the young man's life has been shortened, and others have left with them and we will never see them again.
This should harm any nation..
But on ordinary day Nigeria complained to Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been kidnapped in Kaduna, one male student was killed during the incident.
The boy has been shut down, this should have shocked the nation, but NO, this is an ordinary day in Nigeria.
The judge blames politics for lacking public satisfaction and anger against the killing of students:
The murdered Kadunan girls will not get the satisfaction they have for Chibok girls because both are men and Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ ) is not the president.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was the president, when 276 girls from a government school were killed by militants from Boko Haram, from northeastern Nigeria.
This kidnapping led to a worldwide process with the #ReturnOurDaughters hashtag which was responded by millions of people online.
Read More: Nigerians Celebrate the Return of 82 Chibok Girls in the Hands of Boko Haram
Also on February 19, 2018, Boko Haram arrested 110 female girls science and teaching school in Dapchi, Yobe province, Northeastern Borno.
Read More: Boko Haram-kidnapped students in Nigeria allegedly dying
The kidnapping of Damba-Kasaya students and their teacher is a horrific incident.
The only difference is that now those responsible for this horrific incident are not Boko Haram but armed weapons.
The Brutality of the Kaduna Haramia
Illegal violence erupted in Northeastern Nigeria in Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS, an independent organization for human rights, confirmed that the violence is not about Boko Haram's rebel rebellion:
These illegal violence started as a conflict between farmers and farmers in 2011 and growed further between 2017 and 2018 including fertilization, kidnapping and kidnapping.
As of March 2020 more than 210,000 people have been domestic refugees.
Rural communities remain based on poverty where between January and June this year around 1,126 people have been killed from Northern Nigeria.
Southern Kaduna villages are the most attacked with 366 people killed in the first half of 2020, said the International Human Rights Organization.
Chikun LGA, the home of kidnapped students has been experiencing attacks from militant groups which have consisted of kidnapping and death as well as communities in the country.
People in South Kaduna claim that the bankrupts are Fulani tribes who are planning to loot the land, helped by the government's non-action by the government.
But the governor of Kaduna province, Nasir El-Rufai rejected the price involving land looting or religious ideology.
On August 22, the government of Kaduna province ordered people not to go down from 12 am to 12 pm, which in some places were suspected to be part of the country.
However, South Kaduna People's Union spokesperson, Luka Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people don't go to their farms, our people are misleading.
Poet Henry Swapon and Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This collection is a collection of their photos which were widely shared on social media.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their comments on their Facebook pages.
The arrest has raised questions among the public on social media.
Arrest of Poet Henry Swapon
On May 14, poet and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested at his home in Barishal, in the Central Southern Bangladesh Region.
He has been accused of violating Bangladesh Internet Security Act
A member of a small Christian community, Swapon had previously been charged with his brothers Alfred and Jewel Satkat for torturing the faithful sentiments of Christians.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Swapan was arrested under Internet Security Act!
#FreePoetFree #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #FreeOpinionFreedom pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to Dhaka Tribune, Swapon posted a post on his Facebook page criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, a Bishop of the Roman Catholic Church in Bangladesh.
The bishop chose to hold a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on April 22, just a day after the terrorist attacks in Sri Lanka took place.
Swapon thought the Bishop would postpone the ceremony in respect to the lives of the hundreds of people who died in the attack.
Some Christians were angry about the language he used to the Bishop and some used even threats to kill him.
Swapon has been a popular speaker online denouncing all forms of corruption and corruption in their city.
Netizen Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, the strategy of attacking activists for accusing them of suffering faithful sentiments has become common for Muslim leaders.
Now we see even those of non-Christian Christians have begun to use this tactic.
I think those who hate this form of criticism are mental patients.
Government should organize treatment for these patients.
We condemn the arrest of Poet Henry Swapon and demand his immediate release without any conditions.
Arrest of Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood
On the morning of May 15, police arrested Supreme Court Attorney and journalist Imtiaz Mahmud under Section of the 2017 unapplied currently, a law.
Imtiaz Mahmood received a temporary bail when the case was introduced on the first time but the Khagrachhari court ordered his re-arrest in January.
Mahmood commented during the ethnic violence that took place after a Bengali motorcycle driver was killed in Khagrachhari, resulting in a group of Bengali motorcycle groups attacked.
Local sources told Dhaka Tribune that the police have taken any measures to prevent the incident.
Hundreds of such charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when the Information and Communications Act changed and the Internet Security Act.
Bangladesh represses social media.
Police have conducted a second detention within two days under the Internet Security Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested under the Information and Communications Act on Wednesday morning.
#FreeExpression #ICTLawhttps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves the mountains and the people that live there.
They write about their rights.
I have never seen words of insult in his writings.
There is something wrongThere are so many mistakes.
I hope the mistakes will be corrected immediately.
PS: I have seen a lot of posts on Facebook which have a discriminatory language and racism.
If these people are charged today, will their arrest warrant be issued immediately?
Many netizens have denied the arrest of the two, calling for the law to be restricted.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
It's absolutely shameful.
The Bangladesh government is unable to ensure public security but is trying to arrest people under an oppressive Internet Security Act that is contrary to the Internet Security Law.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After poet Henry Swapon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (arrested).
Freedom of expression is banned.
I want all violent laws be removed.
I want freedom of expression.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be immediately released.
Despite suggesting that the law would prohibit freedom of expression, the Bangladeshi parliament passed an Internet Security Act in September 2018.
This law took place with another oppressive Information and Technology law, which was also used as a tool to silence critics online.
The law punishes some online conversations from harassing messages to religious conversations listing huge fines.
It also allows long-term sentences for using the Internet to cause violence in society and for collecting, sending and sharing serious information and documents from the government.
The Bangladesh Editorial Council said the law is violating constitutional freedoms, press freedom and freedom of expression.
Read more: Bangladesh Freedom of Expression Activists Say one Digital Security Act is attempted to harass
The law provides a significant power to judicial management institutions to establish investigation to anyone whose activities are felt to have harmful and threatening to public security.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudanese revolution, the Sudanese transitional authorities have signed a peace agreement with The Sudan Revolutionary Front  the largest rebel group that has continued in the country.
This historic peace agreement was signed on August 31, in Juba, South Sudan where it has been supported by regional and international communities to protect the freedom of expression.
This surprising issue is also surrounded by the period of historic floods that have affected some parts of Sudan, continuing to continue the economic devastation of the country.
Sudanese netizens still celebrated the news online.
Sudanese blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we are volunteering, we are back home.
The video shows the Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi announces its deployment of weapons on December 16, 2019, in support of Sudan's revolutionary movement.
Mini Arko Minawi, head of the SLMA, wrote:
Mini Arko Minawi.
Yesterday’s signature will put Sudan in a new direction, in parties and to the people of Sudan, organizations and civil society in collaboration with friends and neighboring regions.
We must create a strong platform for the new history of our country.
Sudanese Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed the peace agreement saying:
I send the peace that we have signed today in our Sudanese nation to our children who have been born in refugees and camps, to fathers and mothers who want their lives.
These agreements guarantee the personal freedom of administration of rebel groups in the areas they detain in the central government.
The agreement will ensure only one half of the parliamentary seats are for people from the rebel areas to submit their needs and issues.
The agreement also ensures rights and equality for all those who were charged by the previous administration most of them are not Muslims or Arab people.
This is not the first peace agreement in Sudanese history.
Some netizens said that peace agreements are a normal cycle in Sudan and cannot bring no peace or safety.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
An event that happens once every 5-9 years is not a historical thing, just a change.
Abuja Peace Agreement  2006
Doha Peace Agreement  2011
Juba Peace Agreement   2020
Best wait before celebrating
Agreement Unfinished
Despite this surprising event, two rebel groups have not signed the agreement. The SLMA was led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the Social Liberation Movement (SLMA) was led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the
Three days after the signing of the peace agreement the Sudanese Prime Minister traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet al-Hilu to discuss the conflict in the country.
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to eliminate barriers in the peaceful talks carried out by Abdel Aziz al-Hilu.
This meeting led to the signature of a deal that will guarantee the respect of the peace agreement in Juba.
Sudanese social networks blocked the dissemination of a copy of the agreement written in English, with the attention of Article 3 requiring the protection of the United Nations.
A democratic nation must be established in Sudan.
For Sudan to be a democratic state where all people’s rights are respected, the constitution should be on the basis of dividing religion and nation where the rights of individuals must be respected
Freedom of believing and practicing and religious activities should be granted to all Sudanese people.
The government should not impose a national religion, no citizen will be discriminated because of its religion.
Sudanese citizens have been divided into two groups on this issue: the first group sees that separation of citizenship and religion is a fundamental principle of Biblic rights.
After the meeting, the Prime Minister's Twitter page published an Arabic version of the deal with the content in which the content was different from the original content.
While in the English version it is pointed out that it is impossible to divide between religion and nation, in the Arabic version it suggests a discussion.
The differences between the two versions have raised many questions about the future of these deals.
Historic Peace, Historic Floods
As peace brings happiness in Sudan, the Nile River continues to flood causing unexpected disasters.
According to a September 8 report by the National Defence Council, there have been the deaths of 103, injuries 50, injuries of animals 5,482, 27,300 houses are destroyed.
YouStorm on Twitter shared a video comparing the water supply of the Nile River on July 16 and August 16:
Flood in Nile River in Sudan  July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinel2 Northern Khartoum.
Created by  #EOBrowser @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBFY9m
On September 3, the governor of Sinnar province, Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman declared an emergency state on his Facebook page:
The water supply of Nile River has increased this night due to heavy rains which have led to the destruction of barricades and security walls that is a small dam built in the country.
So we instruct all government authorities and private organizations to come out to help rescue citizens as soon as possible and provide safety for them.
The situation is horrific:
In Sinnar Province | town of Singa, the situation is horrific after rain broke its wall allowing water from the Nile River to enter the city.
Young Sudanese youth from Tuti Island built a wall to prevent flood water from entering the island.
It was a heroic act, said Hassan Shaggag:
These are the ones that will build Sudan..and they are the ones to run for power now.
Sudanese citizens have lack of necessary necessities such as bread, gas, medicine and electricity - after six hours of electricity cuts.
The Sudanese money cut is now below 202 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, so far the transitional government has yet to rule the market.
Now there is a peace promise, what is the government's strategy to ease the lives of citizens?
Student leader Jutatip Sirikhan covered in white as a sign of a strike after his release.
Photo and description from Prachatai
This post is from Prachatai, an independent news source in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a sharing agreement.
Thai Student Association President Jutatip Sirikhan was arrested on his way to college on September 1, for taking part in a massive protest in Bangkok.
Jutatip was arrested in a car walking to classroom at Thammasat University in Tha Prachan campus in Bangkok.
He entered his Facebook account at 1:50 p.m. on September 1, when civilian police stopped a taxi he had stopped and others stopped.
Jutatip was taken to the police station of  lSamranrat.
A police officer joined him to the station on another taxi because he did not feel safe to cross the private vehicle the police came to the station.
She continued to be a blogger on her Facebook page, reading the story  Normal Knowledge translated into Thai by Thomas Paine.
He was taken to Bangkok Criminal Court and was bailed and released at 11.20 p.m. under the consultation of a lecturer from Thammasat University.
The court did not request him to pay immediately 100,000 baht (USD 3,190) for the bail, but he was granted that he would not return to the bail again.
Jutatip is the 14th activist arrested for taking part in the July 18 massive protest.
15 other participants of the protest have received the call and reported to the Samranrat police station to hear their trials on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with insulting, insulting the Emergency Order and the Infection Disease Act, among other charges.
Jutatip fled from criminal court after he was released and held a short press conference.
The color can be cleaned, but we cannot clean the cleaner
I have not planned to run before.
I knew that I had an arrest permit
I have been waiting for being arrested for a long time, but it hasn't happened until today.
Every time a person is arrested there should be a bad word that we did not protest peacefully.
I am a student and I have been hit by soldiers for months, for several years.
Why is there no compensation for me?
Why should there be a compensation for only the police who are dictatorship servants?
There would have been a call first, but what happened was that the police came up with a direct arrest warrant.
It is a high standard abuse for the student.
They found me by tracking my phone contacts from where I live.
They have threatened people at my house, my family and sent an arrest warrant so we have to strengthen our protests.
Everything is according to the constitution.
We pay our taxes, we must be protected by the government not being harassed by the government.
So today, I have expressed myself by promising that we can do this.
We must stand for our rights and freedom.
Racism is also a thing that can be done.
Then Jutatip dropped a white candle on his body with his hand highening his hand and his three fingers on the Hunger Games salute.
He said white represents cleanness and justice, and they demand a return to justice.
We show this is justice, this is the kind of indication that we can do.
Even if it is painting right now, it is a way to show that we can paint right at any time.
We can cover those with power because they are convicted and shooting us at any time no matter, because they have power.
Color can be cleaned but violence cannot be cleaned.
After that, Jutatip thanked the lecturer who placed a ban and the people who came to support him and helped the crowd clean the color on the way.
We will not stop fighting until we win everything, including the royal amendment and a new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screenshot from the video on YouTube, by VideoVolunteers.
This post was written by Grace Jolliffe and originally released by Video Volunteers, an award-winning international online volunteer group with its headquarters in London.
The briefly edited version is published below as part of a content sharing agreement.
As India goes through the seven general elections divided into seven terms from 11 April to 19 May 2019 to elect its seventh parliamentary parliament, some of the country's political parties have bee
Read More: All you want to know about Indian General Elections 2019
In Goa, southern India, residents of a small village in Cancona (district area), Marlem village refused to vote on April 23.
Their main complaint is that necessary needs and services such as good roads and clean and safe water have never been given by the government.
A video by social media contributor Devidas Gaonkar, a born of the Goa indigenous tribe called Velip, shows the gatherings of the villagers:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, a resident of Marli village said that:
From Tirwal to Marlem are only three kilometers of road but not complete.
So far no action has been taken by the authorities.
They only promise false promises there is no implementation.
And therefore, we have not voted.
Marlem Village has been living in the village for over 20 years.
In 1968, the forest ministry declared Marlem as a safe place for wildlife.
This makes construction of a road or any development project in this area difficult to implement.
According to reports, it is that the plan to cancel a power line to access the area has been approved but was recently blocked because of protests.
Another cause of the struggle for residents is the lack of good roads.
One should travel from the highway around 2.8km on a bad and uncleaned road so that he can find his first house in the village of Mandela.
Lastly, the supply of electricity and clean and safe water for the villagers remains a challenge for the villagers.
Despite publicizing their complaints regularly, but have failed to respond to their needs, Marlem residents and residents from other villages have failed to respond to their needs.
The electoral commission staff came to talk to us about our decision to not vote and our stance is right, Pandurang added.
Isidore Fernandes, an opposition leader from the Indian National Congress and member of Parliament in Cancona, also met the residents.
After listening to their concerns, he assured that he will help them deal with the situation.
It is important for any government to build roads, supply electricity and water for their people.
So far all government officials have ignored providing these services in the village of Marlem, said   Fernandes.
Denying elections has now become a means of strike, though voting is not necessary in India.
Unlike the village of Goa, villages located in the Central Madhya Pradesh state, Western Maharashtra, and Eastern Odisha have been using this technique for a long time.
However, no strike between these has been taken by the government.
Many voters have begun to use these tactics as a sign of anger against politicians and government officials who turn their communities into their own communities.
But ultimately, if the refusal of the election does not make a change in society, what will the community do to attract the ears of the authorities who have to attract the eyes of the authorities who
Journalist  Amade Abubacar.
Photo:  caiccajuda/YouTube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while collecting news of the military crisis in the Northern Brazilian region, have been arrested in the country.
Amade, who has been contributing to numerous news sources including Zitamar News and A Carta, was detained on January 5 during an interrogation with the police.
Germano, a journalist for the Nacedje community radio station, died since February 6 and was detained on February 18.
According to a statement from the Media International Association of South Africa (MISA), Amade and Germano were charged with spreading news of destruction of some leaders in the country.
The journalists were released from Mieze Prison in Pemba, Cabo Delgado's capital and are on trial as they wait for trial.
The trial is scheduled for first hearing on May 17.
Since 2017, groups of weapons such as weapons have been conducting attacks in Cabo Delgado villages, burning houses and killing residents.
More than 90 people have killed since the beginning of the attacks according to police reports.
So far no group has appeared publicly to admit responsibility for the attacks.
In December 2018 newspaper A Carta de Moçambique indicated the existence of a Facebook page, which seems to be a fake page where the page praises the people of Mozambique.
It is unclear if the charges against Amade and Germano are related to the page.
The journalist advocacy team says there is no relationship between them and the page or other criminal acts taking place on Facebook.
The charges against these journalists are complex and I don't know much about them.
After Amade was detained, the police put him under the protection of the Civil Army.
He was taken to a military prison where he stayed 12 days without communication and then transferred to a civil prison.
The journalists were only charged on April 16, in violation of the end of 90 days, violating the Armed Forces Detention and Detention Act.
In the continuation of the trial during their detention both journalists were accused of criminalizing government secrets on social media.
These charges compare to the previous charges filed against them, where MISA interpreted them as  spreading messages of destruction of some of the civil society leaders.
During his 106 days in prison, Abubacar experienced lack of food and medical care, according to a report by the Human Rights Watch.
His family told @Verdade that they were banned from visiting Abubacar during his detention.
What happened to these journalists is part of the continuation of abuse against media workers in Northern Mozambique.
Independent investigative journalist Estácio Valoi was arrested in December 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for legal concerns.
He was later released without charges, but his working equipment remained at the hands of the army.
Call for Justice
Cídia Chissungo, an activist and mobiliser of the #AmedeFreedom celebrated the news saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeramanoAdriano are finally FREE after being detained for 4 months.
We really celebrate but we will not forget how everything started.
We have said since then that: Journalism is not a crime.
Thanks for supporting us
Angela Quintal, director of the Committee for Protection of Journalists (CPJ), Africa said:
Now it's to ensure that the charges are taken down and #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalism without fear of being arrested.
The truth is that he has accepted to be detained without charge for 106 days before the bail, not the humiliation he was taken.
He does not deserve to be charged!
Photo of Iranian Revolutionary leader Imamu Khomeini on a wall of a building in Sanandaj, Iran's capital city of Kurdistan shown via Twitter.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman described people who want to share their home culture to people from around the world:
This idea was created through a rooting system within Global Voices and explains the importance of social culture.
Since our work is aimed at supporting the division between foreign views on Iran and the reality inside the country itself, Global Voices Iran has started a series of conversations about the Iranian
This interview will be carried out to understand how and how these people who did their work through describing the outside Iranian community about Iran and their relationship with Iran.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are growing
Golnaz Esfandiari is a senior presenter on Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists who have specialized in Iran writing for Iranian media.
Photo used with permission of Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: A conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, Journalism School in English
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits are also increasing.
Government officials agree with that and I also see many people in the country using social media.
I think since 2009, social media has increased significantly.
Some Iranians told me they have joined Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Twitter Revolution in Iran.
Social media helps conversations and sharing content that are banned or seen as hateful and people are discussing transparently.
People also criticize the policies and views of the government on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You should be a journalist, psychologist, professor and reader of people's thoughts at one time
Iranian media investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, is the founder of the Tehran Institute of News Sources collaborating with The Guardian where he covers the Iranian press coverage of the Iranian govern
It is one of the leading sources that offer a different view of the country in political, cultural and people's issues.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and used with permission.
Read more: How the Tehran Institute by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad connects Iran to the West.
On the bad view that non-Iranians have against Iran, he explained:
When it comes to Iran, I always find myself back to 1979 and describe the changes that have happened decade after decade to bring the meaning of Iran.
Sometimes it becomes harder for Iranians to understand what is happening in Iran currently than non-Iranians.
This demonstrates how important it is to cover Iran with stones, putting it in a special direction to the ordinary people’s lives.
When we reach the country by only providing information of academics and authorities that is not an important or important thing for us as journalists.
That’s why even the most careful news observers don’t understand the basics of what is happening in Iran.
Of course if they follow the information from the Tehran Institute they will get a different view.
Nina Ansary: I believe women will be at the forefront of any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is the author of Johari of God: Untold About Women in Iran, the first book that writes about the view of equality for women in Iran.
A copy of the book Johari of God
The book explains how women have managed to build the current history of Iran and how they continue to do so, as they continue to deal with stopping the foundations of Iranian democracy.
Read more: A conversation with Iranian Women's Equality Journalist Nina Ansary at an Eve of Change in Iran
Ansary said he had a positive view about the future of Iran and the role of woman in it:
And because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists did not get a confident response: women were not allowed to be judges but now serve as investigative judges.
Women were not allowed to study some of these disciplines, but over the years they have been able to explore the disciplines that were mainly ruled by men such as medicine and physics.
I am cautiously watching the positive, but I believe women will be at the forefront of any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as an image of black and white but Iran is not that.
It is like a spreading rainbow.
With more than 800 articles related to Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is the first The Guardian correspondent who volunteered to write about Iran and is the first Iranian correspondent.
Photo used with permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
His many reports are related to human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a phone interview, the main problem for the media is that the mainstream media is that the mainstream media is that
Iran is like the Rainbow, colorful
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing about Iran for The Guardian
In the difficulty of writing about a country that he is financially united with, Saeed explains that:
As an Iranian I have my feelings about the country, but when writing his stories I try to sit a little next to him to eliminate the disappointment.
But I am allowed to express my thoughts while writing the opposite and I have been doing such a thing.
I wrote about why Canada understood Iran badly and this led to an attempted foreign minister to accuse me on Twitter that I used the protests against Iran.
I have been attacked by some people who have accused me of being served by Iranians and others have accused me of serving in the UK.
I believe this is a sign that I am doing my work effectively.
Omid Memarian: Transforming your anger into a constructive thing and not treating things personally is art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist based in New York.
Omid Memarian is a former Iranian journalist and now works in the United States and has been covering Iran stories for users in all languages.
Our interview seeked to understand the differences in writing about Iran with different language users and his experience as a local and international journalist.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes her experience of writing and reporting in the Iranian social community as follows:
There were and still people in Iran who believe that by empowering social communities, political parties and press freedom, the Islamic government can change when the Islamic government changes when
On the other hand there are other forces fighting to prove that this is not possible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that no one can do it.
When I insisted to continue doing what I was doing, writing inspired me about things I believed was arrested and jailed.
Hooman Majd: Iran is not unique: the uniqueness here is that many people don't know much about Iran.
We are now in a review of the US foreign policy.
Weeks ahead of the Obama administration, it is likely that the United States will leave its long-term interaction project with its long-time enemy.
In the Donald Trump presidential progress that shows they will be special with difficult and brutal liberation, I think it is time to stay behind with the journalists.
His books, articles and publications explain the dynamics of Iran that have widely appeared in the US mainstream media during the British period.
Hooman Majd has been known as the voice of Iran to the West.
Majd photo by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: A conversation with Hooman Majd, a bridge between Iranian and American media.
As his bad views against Iran have brought lessons since his book in 2008 that aimed at anti-Iranian views to American readers.
Ahmadinejad was the first to be clear to the media, which is the first source of negative news.
But American and European Iranians have written a lot about their culture recently, and there are a lot of visits to the country.
They are now understanding it a little bit better and there are a little books.
Iran is not an unique act: but what is unique is that many people don't know much about Iran.
Protesters in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon | Photo: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NINJA/Used with permission
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians took to the streets in all 26 states to protest against the government of Bolsonaro to cut education funds which will affect hundreds of schools in the country.
In late April, the Brazilian government announced to cut 30 percent of the alleged budget, which was for water costs, including the price of water costs.
While the total government budget for higher education can reach up to three or 5 percent.
However, the government has suspended the support of 3,500 higher education students sponsored by the government.
From Paulista Street in São Paulo, the headquarters of traditional protests to the traditional farms in Alto Rio Negro, near the Colombian border, people have come together with their protesters and
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of around 5,000 people demonstrated in the rain with heavy rain.
Air photo showing a large group of protesters in Paulista Street in São Paulo protesting against funding for education and research. #15M #TodosPelaEducação
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-05-15-at-21.00.30.mp4
Brazil has 69 public universities and a large number of universities and a large number of public universities that all offer primary and doctoral degrees free without payment and some of them offer
Initially, the calls were to be held at three universities but later they were implemented to all other universities.
Bolsonaro's education minister Abraham Weintraub said this is not a ban but a reduction of expenses.
Weintraub explained that there are barriers because public universities are a place of destruction.
Asked by reporters to explain examples of the destructionWhen mentioned the presence of massive community gatherings and the presence of naked people celebrations.
Weintraub was appointed as minister in early April after his predecessor was removed because of involvement in some conflicts.
The new minister has always been commenting on right-wing policies such as drugs were identified in Brazil as a communist strategy, and the president has been identified in Brazil as a communist stra
Some university heads have said that the restrictions could prevent their doors from opening early at the beginning of the second term in 2019.
The office of the government prosecutor has sent a statement to the attorney general complaining about the violations of the Brazilian constitution.
Rio de Janeiro looks BEAUTIFUL!
Hundreds and thousands are detaining Avenida Presidente Vargas in the night against the budget bills for educação and science. #15M #TodosPelaEducação #TsunamidaEducação #ScientificEducação
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who are searching for WhatsApp groups in Brazil found that there are many conversations through the app, especially after they find out that the
The research has created an app that will monitor WhatsApp groups and will be used widely by an organization involved in exploring truth in Brazil.
Leading researcher Fabrício Benevuto on his Facebook page said on May 8 :
[Images include) uncolored images/publications/events that have been covered because of their headlines and topics.
There are pictures of naked people at the ceremony (which are not even at the college) and several jokes by protesters saying that it takes 12 years to graduate because they are not going to graduate
This is clearly an objective.
In the same form of election campaign.
Who sponsors this factory to provide false news?
An article on the website Ciência na Rua (Science on the Streets in Portuguese) argues that public universities produce 95% of scientific research in Brazil.
A study conducted by US-based Clarivate Analytics in 2018 shows that out of the 20 best research producers, 15 are part of the government network.
On the day of the protests, Minister Weintraub was called to give an explanation about the cut of the budget in the Congressional Parliament.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of Love and Heroicity #TsunamiDaEducacao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro later traveled to Texas State in the United States where he met with former US President George W. Bush.
Asked about the protests, the president said:
It is common [that the protests have happened], now the majority of the people there is a militant group.
If you ask them 7th answer 8 times, they don't know.
If you know to ask them about the water structure they will not be known, they don't know anything.
They are illiterate and profitable individuals and have been used by the few minority individuals leading several public universities in Brazil.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime has experienced several times while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Screenshot from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime on YouTube.
In Uganda, female journalists who use digital tools to report, comment and access to information are experiencing attacks and harassment because of their experience.
Online crimes have become a new tactic of censorship.
Female journalists are carrying dozens of sexual violence online including threats related to political coverage.
These continuing threats have prompted female journalists to leave themselves from public discussions and leave the journalism industry being ruled by the country.
Read More: The cost of being a different opinion: A social media division in Uganda
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Wazabanga via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who worked for Kenya Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, was arrested.
While Biira was in their home, Ugandan security forces clashed with guards of the Rwenzururu kingdom in the Rwenzori region of western Uganda, and their presidential office was demolished.
The shooting battle resulted in the deaths of 62 people, including 16 policemen.
Biira wrote her sentiments about the military attack by posting a comment on Facebook on November 27:
It is very sad what I witnessed today with my own eyes a part of the kingdom's house, the Rwenzururu Kingdom, burning in fire.
I felt like I was watching the heritage disappearing in front of my eyes.
On the same day, Biira was arrested and accused of sharing controversial photos of the horrific clashes between security forces and the guards of Rwenzururu's King Rwenzururu.
He also published an Instagram video of the king's house burning and wrote his story on Facebook, CPJ reports.
Ugandan security forces were allegedly forcing Biira to delete posts on social media and her digital devices, according to a report.
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism for taking videos of a military attack in the kingdom  a crime which is punishable under the Constitutional Penal Code.
However, a day later, he was released on bail.
The Biira case generated heavy criticism on social media through hashtags such as #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The netizen accused Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni of his silencing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni should stop silencing journalists.
This is a great human rights violation in our continent.
Biira's advocate, Nicholas Opiyo, posted a tweet highlighting the official charges Biira has faced:
A bail copy of Joy charged with terrorism (humor!)
#journalism is not crime @KTNKenya @KTNKenya  #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that Biira’s trial was dismissed and cancelled in March 2017 after the authorities conducted an investigation and lacked evidence to file the charge.
Like many other cases like this, the person takes the burden into personality but remains a feeling of abuse, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also the director of the United Nations Foundatio
Opiyo added that spending several days in jail and experiencing the pain of being arrested is a feeling that never happens to anyone.
Online attacks
It is very rare for female online journalists to receive justice, and they have difficult times to ensure that their complaints are complete.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitware, a presenter of NTV Uganda, defended Stella Nyanzi, an academic activist who criticized Museveni's regime for having protested against the regime.
Authorities forced Uwitware to delete his Twitter and Facebook posts contributing to Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and then arrested by unknown people for nearly eight hours, according to Uganda's 2017 human rights report.
Her kidnappers were allegedly interrogating her about her relationship with Nyanzi, beating her and hanging her hair.
Read more:  Is the nude of a woman's nude?
Women's activist Stella Nyanzi continues court struggle
Uwitware was later found at a police station in Kampala.
However, the authorities have released no information so far about the investigation of his kidnapping.
Political journalists  especially those who observe opposition politics often experience more threats than those who observe opposition issues.
But women journalists have the worst situation because the government believes they are weak and are being easily threatened, according to Mukose Arnold Alexander.
When it comes to sexual harassment online, female journalists are afraid of putting themselves out and saying that most of them end up suffering from it.
Women journalists experience more psychological consequences, violations of their privacy, destruction of identity, reduction of their opportunities to visit, and reduction of their opportunities to
And, according to the Human Rights Network for Women for Journalists-Uganda 2018 survey, 12 percent of women journalists have experienced crimes and violations, including violations of social media,
Three quarters of female journalists have experienced violations in the hands of government officials such as police, district heads and other security officials.
Attacks and violence
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has experienced attacks and violence during her work as a female reporter.
Photo via Bahati Remmy's Paydesk account, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan journalist who is currently working in the United States, told Global Voices that she stopped journalism in Uganda because she did not work in the United States.
Ugandan police arrested Remmy while producing a live broadcast on a privately owned NBS to monitor his home ban.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police created anger as they prevented reporters from looking at information about Besigye.
The police put my breasts into their vehicle, took my clothes to the station and left me naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also followed and harassed by police officers on Facebook because the Ugandan government thought he had collaborated with Besigye to disrupt the country's images.
He told Global Voices that a message from anonymous people was left in his door threatening to kidnap him if he refused to give him a secret secret of his way.
After the arrest of Remmy, Journalist Rights Network Uganda organized a commentary to evaluate the situation about the incident.
They asked: The Ugandan police claimed that NBS reporter Bahati Remmy violated the legal requirements and also prevented police from doing their work making them arrested.
Are you agreeing with this?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a weak and false reason because there is a video clip showing how Bahati was arrested.
Police should stop directing their problems to the journalists.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Anyone who tries to inform people about the situation of the nation should be arrested.
A great problem comes in Uganda soon.
What angry me is that anyone who tries to say something that is not supportive of the current regime is considered rebel so it is the requirement for Ugandans to open.
Many female journalists in Uganda have left their jobs especially those who criticize the government for fear of being attacked and harassed by the regime.
Journalists have explained that government and security forces call editors and order them to not publish information that gives the government a negative sentiment.
These attacks are not reported especially by women  leading to a difficulty in understanding the reality of the problem.
Remmy inspired the Ugandan government at the Uganda Human Rights Commission, but so far nothing has happened about his case.
The commission lacks the freedom of decision on those who submit complaints against the government.
Seven his members, including his chairman, are appointed by the president, with permission of the Parliament.
They have a collection of cases, and most of the cases they want to hear are those submitted by the government.
Many of the threats faced by female journalists online are closely related to the violence against them online.
Remmy believes that the rights, status and conditions of female journalists should be always considered because attacks against women repress the journalism sector.
As Uganda is preparing for its presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, attacks and discrimination of female journalists and governments should be stopped because the government is concerned
Journalist freedom remains an ignored child in the country, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post is part of a series called Identity Map: a platform to control Online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, this post is part of a series called Identity Map: A platform to contr
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation of the Collaboration on International ICT Policies for East and South Africa (CIP).
Trees rooted on a 15th-century wall on Kilwa Island, Tanzania.
In 1981, the rocks of the Swahili Hodari Sultan on the island were declared UNESCO World Heritage Area.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
Editor's note: This personal post was written following a Sub-Saharan African Twitter campaign by Global Voices Sub-Saharan Africa on Twitter.
According to the United Nations Organization for Education, Science and Culture (UNESCO), differences in languages and cultures are strategically important for people around the world around the worl
This diversity of languages and culture pressured the UNESCO general congress to declare the International Mother Language Day (IMLD) in November 1999, a day remembered on the 100th anniversary of th
To promote the IMLD, the United Nations (UN) announced the 2019 International Year of Indigenous Languages (IYIL 2019), to consider the risks of disappearing indigenous languages around the world.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken around the world, 28 percent of which are spoken in Africa.
Despite this, English is leading online in the region.
Twenty years ago, 80 percent of the world's content was based on English.
Currently, however, English content is reportedly declined between 51 and 55 percent.
The controversial question, therefore, is: does this decline indicate that people love their native languages more than English, given that only less than 15 percent of the population is in English?
Swahili: The Emergency of Generation?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), besides English, Portuguese, French, Spanish and Arabic.
Swahili is also the widespread language of the nations members of the East African Commonwealth (EAC).
Rwanda, a member of the EAC, through its lower parliament, passed a measure to make Kiswahili an official language in 2017 apart from Nyarwanda, French and Swahili.
Despite using for administrative purposes, Swahili will be included in the country's education school.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government approved the formation of a Swahili National Assembly.
Article 6 (2) of the Ugandan Constitution also states that Kiswahili will be the second official language in Uganda and will be used in conditions as the Parliament makes its possibility to implement
In 2018, South Africa, a prominent country with 11 official languages, introduced Swahili as a voluntary lesson in its practice, starting in 2020.
In 2019, the Southern African Development Community (SADC) passed Kiswahili as its fourth official language.
Swahili image online
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Although it is a widely spoken African language, by nearly 150 million people in East Africa, the great lakes, southern Somalia, and other regions around the world, the African language has been spok
John Walubengo, a lecturer at the Kenyan University of Multimedia at Kenya, considers in an article in Nation, a daily magazine in Kenya, that lack of language and linguistic inequality in Kenya are
Walubengo explains that many traditional cultures end up promoting their identity in English.
This sad fact can only be changed if natural communities struggle to protect their identity online and offline, he says.
However, it's not funny.
There are several organizations that have volunteered to develop and promote Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), an international multinational organization that runs the DNS system (DNS), IP addresses (IP) and independent numbers, introduced the National Censorship of Netizens (NCN), which was introdu
These characters are then combined with Unicode and used as permitted by the IDN regions, a set of requirements described by the Internet Architecture Board (IAB), the Internet Architecture Board (IA
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is an industry leadership community, headed by ICANN, which organizes online communities to one billion Internet users.
This is achieved through a process called Global Acceptance (UA), which ensures that software and systems are addressed to all regional regions.
UA serves netizens around the world in their original languages and in regional names that represent their culture.
So, promote a network of multilinguals.
ICANNWiki
The non-profit organization that provides a public weekly page on ICANN and Internet Management, has long collaborated with other national organizations.
This has enabled East Africans to build, translate and add the Week's resources in their visions, languages and attitudes.
This Kiswahili project that I as a journalist have managed to officially engage in  has shut down the list of news related to Internet Management by preparing a content-sharing project.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, is an international community with volunteer participants who believe in translating and developing digital security guidelines and digital devices such as social media and digital
These technologies examine security, privacy, and discrimination by ensuring that indigenous language activists have safe languages to access information online.
Localization Lab has translated more than 60 devices in 180 different languages around the world,
Kondoa Community Network (KCN)
KCN is the first community network to test the popular TV wireless technology TVWS, an unconnected wireless technology that uses unused wireless wireless technology to provide information and content
KCN teaches villagers to create and become hosts of natural content beneficial and contextual.
Matogoro Jabhera, founder of KCN and an assistant lecturer at the University of Dodoma, Tanzania, told Global Voices via Skype, that he believes that the country's country's country's country's count
Next billion users online
The world is expected to connect 17 billion new users online and 17 million of these users are estimated to be connected using languages such as identity.
Therefore, lack of natural content may have a significant impact on digital inclusion.
Clearly, it will affect digital rights especially, access to the Internet, the right to access to information online, and the right to use their natural languages to create, share, and produce inform
Therefore it is important to develop strategies that will develop the development of ICT software and services, as well as the use of natural languages, to ensure digital inclusion.
This move, followed by other efforts such as the manufacturing of learning and learning materials, and reading and writing programs in rural countries, could have a significant impact on the country'
Finally, this process will encourage the protection, respect and promotion of all African languages and small languages online as achieved under the principles of the Convention on African Linguistic
The Mantiki Identity project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation and the Collaboration on International ICT Policies for Africa.
TEDGlobal Internet Room.
Creative Commons image by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, through its Sub-Saharan African contributors in collaboration with the Rising Voices Project, will carry out a Twitter campaign in the country.
Read more: MatrikiIdentification': A new initiative to promote digital rights in Africa
As part of the continuation of Journalism Towards Freedom: Politics and Digital Rights in Africa, this five-week social media campaign will encourage community members of the community to share their
The project is funded by the Digital Rights Africa Foundation and the Collaboration on International ICT Policies for East and South Africa (CIPE).
Global Voices is among the beneficiaries of the support.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Bambara, Igbo, Khoekhoe, ki-N|uu, ki-Swahili, ki-Yorùbá, as well as French and English.
They will also share their own experiences and understanding from a language perspective about the challenges that threaten digital rights.
The conversation will address how the independent threat is affecting online content in African languages; the spread of fake information in African languages; the spread of false information in Afri
They also highlight the issue of organization policies, as well as the continuing challenges that may affect how citizens can express themselves in their language.
Meet the moderators of the discussion on Twitter
This Twitter discussion will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda (ki-Khoekhoe/ki-N|uu/English) from South Africa, Adéṣínà Ghani Ayẹni (ki-Yorùbá/ki-English) from South Africa, Adéṣínà G
Some of the participants participated in the online campaign @DigiAfricanLang  to celebrate the International Language Annual 2019.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a Khoe speaker, Kuwiri culture or activist, is a journalist fighting for the introduction of Khoekhoe and kin|uu, the two first languages in the world.
Khoekhoe is spoken in Namibia, it is read in schools, but in South Africa, where it is the capital, only 2,000 people speak it, not a recognized language.
The Kin|uu language has only one speaker, not an officially recognized language, in schools, and is at risk of disappearing.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used with permission.
April 27-May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but his origin is in Burkina Faso.
She is the editor-in-chief of RFI mandenkan, a Bambara-language news station of Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in Bambara.
Prior to that, he thought it was impossible to do journalism in Bambara.
Kisamogo is the language of Traoré's mother, although she had Dioula in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
Malians call it Bambara, Guineans call it Malinke, others call it Mandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom Ozurumba (@blossomozurumba)
Blossom Ozurumba.
Photo used with permission.
Ozurumba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from the Igbo language to beautiful.
Ozurumba is enthusiastic with the Igbo language and culture and has volunteered to ensure some people learn something about speaking, writing and reading.
Ozurumba is the founder of a language Wikimedia user group and may have often started conversations about the Wikimedia Foundation without being pressured.
She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the calm and the feeling of the city streets.
May 11-15: Ọmọ Yoòbá (@yobamoodua)
Adéṣínà Ayẹni.
Photo used with permission
Adéṣínà Ayẹni, also known as Ọmọ Yoòbá, is a journalist and cultural entrepreneur who uses her journalism work to develop the country's political and cultural activism.
As a voice artist, he has produced many Yorùbá broadcasts for Nigerian radio and TVC.
She is the founder of Yobamoodua Cultural Heritage, a platform that volunteered to disseminate the language and culture of Yorùbá.
The language manager of Global Voices Yorùbá is also the language manager of Global Voices Yorùbá.
She is a Yorùbá language teacher at tribalingua.com where she teaches students from around the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer translators and online users, software developers, and accessors who are connecting to the internet.
Mr. Yoòbá wrote a book called: Ẹyà Ara Ẹdá Ọmọ Ènìyàn, a collection of illustrations with the names of the anatomy and body structure of human body and plants.
She is a research participant at the Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
Witaba is a writer, natural content maker and activist, a teacher, researcher, and a consultant on internet management and policy.
She is the founder of ICANNWiki Swahili, a general website aiming to promote, translate, and translate, 10,000 articles and documents of internet management to Swahili in the country.
Witaba also runs a youth project that aims to build the competences of students, academics, and individuals in the private sector and; government, through courses and workshops.
Protesters call for the release of former president Robert Mugabe (now dead) from power on November 18, 2017.
Photo by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes (Free use).
In the early morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabweans were waking up with news that the predecessor, former Robert Mugabe, had been suspended from power in the early morning of November 15, 2017.
General General Sibusiso Moyo, currently minister of foreign affairs, announced on the national television that the president was safe under the government's security and was not allowed to continue
Just after the announcement of General Moyo, Zimbabweans broke up with excitement on social media sites especially WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook to share their opinions about the government.
For the first time, the new popularity of social media to enable access to information and protests gained roots among Zimbabweans, while protesters have been demonstrated throughout the neighborhood
The new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, changed the power of social media.
As former security minister, Mnangagwa also recognized the importance and role of misinformation in Zimbabwe's political industry.
In March, 2018, recognizing and recognizing his political authority for himself and to ensure the victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections in March 2018, he recognized the presidential
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, his plan has strengthened the crisis of misinformation and false information, leaving Zimbabweans with a few sources of information.
While the new government demanded to condemn false news on social media information that they considered a threat to the incumbent regime, the new government considered a threat to the incumbent regi
The lack of freedom of expression online
Zimbabwe has seen a significant increase in Internet usage on mobile phones and social media in the past few years.
The internet spread rate increased by 41.1 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 52.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while the spread of mobile phones increased from 11 percent to 52.1 percen
This means half of the population is currently connected to the internet, compared to only 11 percent in 2010.
However, false information and false information have also experienced several reasons: massive media division, government proposals, government proposals, and government proposals.
During the January 2019 anti-government protests, when government security forces arrested and attacked hundreds of protesters, revolutionary news has been reported on Twitter.
The government blocked access to the internet to disrupt the news traffic and created massive confusion.
Government officials and their supporters also used misnoticing information about the protests and expressing doubts about any real information by disclosing the information about the protests.
Usually, in Zimbabwe, citizens consider any information given by government ministers as accurate.
For example, Deputy Minister of Information Energy Mutodi came to convince people that everything was ok and that videos and photographs of soldiers shooting their shields were okay.
Mutodi misleaded the nation when he claimed on the national television that there was no internet shutdown but there was a confusion on the internet.
In another suspected government-supported news fraud, millions of people were shut down on social media during January protests.
Some downloaded Virtual Private Network (VPN) software to continue reporting, however the information was shared widely.
In March 2019, while the Human Rights Watch (HRW) tweeted a report condemning the government's use of threatening control of protests in South Africa, the government's use of violent control of prote
One user tweeted that the organization was spreading open lies and called it a colonial colonial organization granted to protect the country.
Another referred to the government's allegations and lamented that the violence was based on hackers who were trying to destroy the president.
And mistakes about government policies and other public interests have continued to expand after the January protests.
Recently, members of the ruling ZANU PF party recently used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr.Peter Magombey, the deputy president of the National Assembly of National Union
He was arrested on September 14, 2019, as a result of an announcement of a health strike in the health sector.
The ZANU PF Youth Affairs Secretary described Magombey as an irresponsible and illegal professional.
An account named ZANU PF Patriots said that reports of his kidnapping were false.
Others spread false allegations that doctors killed many patients during the strike, including more than 500 people in one hospital.
A conversation of Zimbabwe's history
Zimbabwe’s media regulation is based on the 20th century colonial policies, which were targeted with violence to defend the country’s country’s policies.
The Rhodhesian government led by Ian Smith focused on propaganda and media control as its best weapon, not only supporting the government's legitimacy but also supporting the government's justice.
The colonial government passed a large number of repressive expression laws or against Smith’s racial policies and implemented these laws violently to target racists.
Media censorship was normal before independence in the 1980s, and this pointed out the government's model of communication policies and management of media.
As prominent South African journalist and writer Heidi Holland, in her book, Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter:
Many people in the ZANU PF personality have lived in brutality in their daily lives as normal.
The forest war, or the Second Chimurenga War, has never ended in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnangagwa is continuing this legacy, repressing the voices of critics through online information and shutdowns.
This post is part of a series of publications that investigate the interference of digital rights through measures such as internet blocking and misleading.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Protesters taking part in the June 2018 Women's Demonstration in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo by Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the internet has become a table of confrontation when the government tries to silence the growing opposition voices.
Over the years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to oppress the opposition and return the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to power.
This includes blocking media websites, filtering SMS and blocking social media platforms.
As Ugandan General Elections 2021 are near, administrative leaders are expected to continue these strategies.
Shutdowns during 2016 elections
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders were forced to twice block all social media platforms.
The first block was implemented on February 18, 2016, during the eve of the presidential election, and affected social media platforms and money services.
The ban lasted for a total of four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and mobile money services were again blocked.
The sentence lasted a day and took place a day before President Museveni was sworn in as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
Opposition against his administration is increasing: According to a referendum made in April 2019, the number of Ugandans is opposing the 2017 decision to remove the certificate of security from the
During all the shutdowns in 2016, the Ugandan government mentioned the reason was national security to censor the internet.
The violence was ordered by Ugandan security forces and the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), which regulates the sector of communications, online publications, online broadcasting, and online
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a mobile phone and internet service provider, released a statement on Twitter confirming that the UCC had ordered MTN to shut down the phone service.
The order also affected other mobile phone operators such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On the same day, President Museveni told reporters that he ordered the block of social media: Measures should be taken for security to prevent people from using social media.
On March 17, in an official statement during the Supreme Court decision in which President Museveni's victory was opposed, the UCC director Godfrey Mutabazi explained to the Facebook page:
This imprisonment interfered with the rights and daily lives of Ugandans who use netizens and social media platforms to access information, expression opinions and commercial businesses.
Weeks before the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the elections using the hashtags #UgandaDecides and #UGDebate16.
Uganda's level of citizen participation online was inspired by the first television-broadcasting presidential debate, the first which took place on June 11, 2014.
Despite the blocking of social media, many Ugandans continued to send information about the elections using a VPN account.
On the election day, citizens were able to engage in the upcoming information about the delay of voting materials at various polling stations, cases of fraud in the electoral stations, electoral frau
Human rights activists say that strategic blocking during elections reduces the speed of communication, while access to information and speech of the president are limited.
The internet blocks people from talking about issues that affect them, such as health, connections with friends and also exchanging political opinions, Moses Owiny, a politician in the country, said
According to Owiny, the closure is intended to prevent political opposition on the basis of the government's fear that public opinion can influence the public, claims that he believes that the public
Uganda's history of blocking online platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to temporarily shut down access to Facebook and Twitter for 24 hours to eliminate connections and disconnections.
The order was issued during a heavy walk to work led by the opposition following the high fuel prices and food.
The communication authorities said that security forces have requested the blocking of social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, the elections were subjected to filtering of SMS with words including Egypt, bullet and people power.
Towards the 2006 general elections, the UCC ordered Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block the access to Radio Katwe's website for publishing misleading and false information about the country's
The Ugandan authorities blocked the access to the radio station and the Daily Monitor's website by publishing independent electoral results.
These platforms were quickly returned but only after the electoral commission announced the official results.
2021 Elections: The same strategy?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Photo: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [CC BY 2.0].Since 2016, the regime has continued to arrest opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, popularly known as Bobi Wine, a singer and leader of the opposition People Power party, also a member of parliament, has already announced his plans to run for the presidential ele
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges of insulting the president and if found guilty, he will not be allowed to join.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the administration targeted six opposition members, including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the August 15 small elections in Nigeria.
Police and army arrested the group along with 28 other people on August 13, 2018, and charged them with defamation.
They were later released on bail.
The same day, police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, while reporting about the elections and the violence related to the elections.
Read more:  #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2021 elections are near, it is likely that the Ugandan administration will continue the opposition repression, including blocking social media.
Indeed, since the 2016 elections, there have been no change in the legal system that allows the government to ban the right to freedom of expression and access to information.
According to the 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Act gives the UCC more power and works under Article 5 which allows Internet freedom in Africa.
On the request of the government, the UCC used this part to order Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block access to social media and mobile money during the holidays.
The government continues to use these laws to regulate public discussions and silence political opponents, especially during elections.
Owiny argues that the government is able to block the internet whenever it seems important: When government security and citizens’ safety is in place, the government’s security and citizen securi
NGOs and human rights advocates have been preparing themselves in Uganda so that similar shutdowns are no longer taking place.
Several organizations wrote a joint letter to the African Community and regional organizations asking them to condemn the Ugandan administration's decision to block access to the Internet during the
Unwanted Witness Uganda presented the Ugandan government to courts, including Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and the Uganda Communications Control Commission (UCC), in a case that referred to the
The organization highlighted that the government’s blocking measure violated Uganda’s rights to freedom of speech and expression as explained in the Constitution of Uganda’s rights to freedom o
However, the judge ruled that the prosecutor's side failed to prove any violations of the imprisonment, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Succeeding internet access  especially during the next elections  will require more advocacy.
Owiny suggested the need for digital rights activists to increase the conversation between the government and the private sector to express the negative impact of shutdowns because the private sector
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to issue a right to citizens’ right to access to information, known as the Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2011.
The law promises to provide effective, easy, transparent, transparency and accountability that will enable the public to easily access and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens of the
Will the government perform its role in promoting the right to access to information?
And will he fulfill his promises?
This post is part of a series of publications that investigate the interference of digital rights through measures such as internet blocking and misleading.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from DCMA School performing various musical instruments at Old Customs Building, Mkongwe, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of visitors visiting the old city of Zanzibar, an old city known for having the island's biggest history, follow the sound of music broken from DCMA, the prominent musician of the country's
Since 2002, the school has been promoting and promoting the unique Zanzibar culture that mixes Arab, Hindi and African traditions through music.
17 years since the inauguration of the school, it is clearly facing a financial situation that threatens its closure.
Nearly 70 percent of the 80 students who study at the school are unable to pay the education fee, which is US$13 per month, according to a report from the United Nations Commission.
Although the school has been receiving support from international donors and friendly organizations, it is now facing a huge petition that could force the closure of the school.
Without reasonable money to make its operations continue, DCMA students and teachers are concerned that traditional voices breaking from the jet lines will continue.
The school not only teaches and promotes the cultural and traditional heritage through music, but it is also hosted by a large group of young musicians looking for another alternative.
A DCMA student learning to play a traditional Taarab music instrument.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We have started to deal with the financial situation, says Alessia Lombardo, DCMA Managing Director, in the official DCMA video.
From now to the next six months, we are not sure that we can be able to pay salaries to teachers and other workers.
Currently, 19 teachers and few other staff have not been paid for more than six months because the school has been struggling to receive humanitarian aid.
Although the islands are known for having beaches and luxury hotels, many indigenous people are suffering from unemployment although the economy is high.
For over 17 years, DCMA has worked tirelessly to promote and protect Zanzibar’s biggest heritage through music.
Where is the place where was born the Taarab music legends and popular singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Ms. Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Ms. Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Ms. Fatuma Binti Bar
Zanzibar is the home of a musical style that emerged through cultural and collaboration between the Pwani Swahili over the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn traditional music such as taarab, dance and dumbak, along with other instruments such as dance, qanun and oud, as guards and translators of the language.
Neema Surri, a violin player at the DCMA school, has been learning how to play the instrument since the age of 9.
I know many young people who want to learn music but cannot afford a small fee in cases of poverty and unemployment, Surri said in a DCMA video.
DCMA students perform at the Old Customs Mansion, in their school, Mkongwe, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After completing DCMA's workshops, Doctoral and Doctoral courses, many DCMA students may work on international platforms like prominent bands.
Zanzibar Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, has recently returned to South Africa along with her band South Africa.
In collaboration with his fellow bands, who are also former DCMA students, he released his first album, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, continuing to continue his album as well.
Here is a song by the band called Nielewe as well as a video, depicting the Zanzibar context telling the story of a woman facing violence.
Read more: East African Women in Music Industry Sing Against Men's Dictatorship
A history of cultural integration and collaboration
More than 15,000 guests have passed the school's building to enjoy artistic exhibitions, workshops and classrooms as well as meeting DCMA musicians representing the country.
With a sense of history of India, the Arab world and Africa, the school is pleased to be the result of multicultural cultures, with a culture connected to the region.
The Sultan of Oman, a popular king of the 17th and 19th century, moved his rule from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From the Old City, Omani administrators operated sea trade, including copper, gold, gas, clothing, relying on the travels of wind-driven authorities.
Young people in Zanzibar recognize the importance of understanding their history to identify if their future and the music they are making today demonstrates the desire to build a bridge between the
DCMA students and their teachers launched TaraJazz, a combination of traditional and modern jazz.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to pick a musical instrument called the violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the bands looking for a musician.
The Coast of Swahili tells a story of a mixed cultural mix and DCMA is developing this culture through musical collaboration.
Each year, the school organizes a project called  Swahili Encounters,  a project that meets well-known musicians from Africa, Middle East, Europe and the United States.
At the end of the meeting, the newly meeted artist teams are required to perform a performance on the Voices of Wisdom, and they often have a peaceful friendship.
DCMA organizes a weekly show of the talents of its students and friends visiting the musicians, Mkongwe, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
The DCMA School realizes that music raises and unites people regardless of their cultures and is also employing talented young people living in an uneconomic society.
With the 1,800 students who passed the DCMA course, this school is the only musical home they know, where they can learn and grow up as musicians.
One tourist from the Philippines, who visited the DCMA recently, wrote on TripAdvisor: Personally, meeting the musicians was during the visit.
As Zanzibar's tourism industry is growing rapidly, the DCMA School believes that music plays an important role in celebrating, promoting and promoting local culture.
Zanzibar is more than a beach and its luxury hotels  it is a place full of talent in a broad history of collection and unity.
Editor's addition: The author of this post used to volunteer at the DCMA school.
Sierra Leone: Health workers preparing to enter the treatment area for Ebola patients.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
On early August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on the development of the clinical trials of several Ebola drugs in the country.
WHO noted that the tested Ebola drugs have shown positive results that will bring about living for Ebola patients, and continued to explain that different treatment medicines should be used to provid
Who is responsible for this Ebola treatment?
Highly Excellent Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, invested a large part of his life in medicine.
While international media is reporting massively about how the Ebola disease is causing the highest numbers of deaths in Congo, news of the disease in the country has continued.
Muyembe-Tamfum  explained : that we will no longer say that the Ebola Virus Disease (EVD) is not treatable.
Following Muyembe-Tamfum's important work, scientists tested four Ebola drugs: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN-EB3.
The response to medical tests conducted on 499 participants showed that patients treated with REGN-EB3 or mAb114 showed a higher rate of infection in the country.
This study, conducted under the coordination of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Congolese Ministry of Health and three other organizations in the country, was carried out
Congolese citizen responsible for Ebola treatment
Muyembe-Tamfum has been researching Ebola since the original report of the disease in Congo where it was first reported in 1976.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Democratic Republic of #Congo and his colleagues have discovered a treatment that has been discovere
The professor of medicine at the University of Medicine in Kinshasa- the Democratic Republic of Congo, has spent nearly 40 years to treat the disease.
In 1995, she worked with WHO for the implementation of the project he worked with WHO in implementing the identification of the disease after serving in the United Nations.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (sitting in a voice) speaks during a public education exercise in Beni, Northern Kivu, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this discovery, Ebola victims are now hoping to receive quick care and treatment.
If 90 percent of the patients will be able to get treated to health centers and receive treatment and return back aged, they should start to believe in the medicine and build beliefs.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Causes of Ebola treatment
The first Ebola cases were reported in 1976 near the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), since then, the Ebola virus has been outbreaking frequently from natural sources (which have been caused by the epidemic).
Ebola outbreaks since 1976.
Map from the Center for the Prevention and Treatment of Diseases
Between 2014 and 2016 there were more than 28,600 people infected with the Ebola disease in West Africa.
According to the WHO 2015 report:
In 2014 Senegal had one Ebola case without any reported deaths.
WHO announced Nigeria’s Ebola move as part of a rapidly spreading disease.
In January 2015, Mali had 8 Ebola cases and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was worse between March and June 2016 in three countries: Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people suffered from the disease including 11 deaths in the country.
General description of the International Ebola Disease
The Ebola outbreak in African countries sparked anger and fear in 2015 when two Ebola cases were reportedly dead in the United States.
GabyFleur Böl, a researcher at the Institute for Crisis Review in Berlin, Germany, reported other reports of Ebola cases in Spain, France, and the United States.
At that time, the Ebola outbreak was considered a death sentence for lack of reliable treatment.
As Böl already said, the high rate of Ebola deaths and also /a> sometimes media false reports about the disease in Turkey have been revealed.
Similar information was also contributed to 2017  study in which Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed  More than 100,000 people in the count
They discovered three main days about Ebola news on major media and blogs in the United States on July 27, September 28, and October 15.
On July 27, it was first reported that US doctors working in Liberia had been infected with Ebola.
On September 30, the media reported widely about Thomas Duncan suffering from Ebola in Texas and the first time the disease was reported in the United States.
On October 12, reports of an Ebola case provider were detailed in the United States.
After October 12, other Ebola payment cases were reported continuously leading to its reporting day by day.
It is possible that the US media has reported so much about the Ebola outbreak because of the cases of the disease in the country.
Also, due to the ease of communication through social media, the Ebola disease has become widely discussed in Europe and the United States.
However, what is waiting is to see whether the Ebola drug discovered by an African from the Democratic Republic of Congo is treating the disease.
Erick Kabendera training journalists in 2012, Dare s salaam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 security forces violently arrested Erick Kabendera at his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and detained him.
Police say Kabendera has rejected the order of resignation for investigation on his citizenship as a Tanzanian.
Over the last week police searched the flag house twice, covering his travel passport, his personal documents and interrogating his family.
On August 5, authorities changed the argument, Kabandera was charged with financial discrimination, refusing to pay taxes of US$75,000, and refusing to pay taxes of US$75,000.
Police say Kabendera has committed these crimes for the past four years since 2015.
For the charges Kabenrera is facing, he can be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison and not allowed to receive bail.
Magufuli of Tanzania
First they have kidnapped the journalist, when they saw the noise they claimed it was not a Tanzanian, that was missing, now he is charged with criminal crimes and prevention of social media.
Meeting Erick Kabendera, his crime is being a journalist.
Press freedom has been significantly declined during this Tanzanian Magufuli term, reported by CPJ.
Representative of the Commission for Protecting Journalists (CPJ) in Sub-Saharan Africa, Muthoka Mumo says:
It seems that over the past week authorities have been looking for ways to confirm the reasons behind the detention of the journalist-independent and critic.
First they claimed that Erick Kabendera’s citizenship is not confirmed, today they added other different charges, which make us wonder why they intend to assassinate him.
As a journalist Kabendera has often criticized the administration of President John Magufuli and has often standed for press freedom.
He has reported in both international and international media such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African on Tanzania's politics and its impact on Tanzanians.
JJebra Kambole, a representative of Kabendera, says, the police also criticized Kabendera for his insulting comments against the government in a post published on Twitter:
News recently came to me: journalist Erick Kabendera charged with insulting comments against the government following an article published in the newspaper.
Citizenship has been used as a tool to silence people
The flag family says, this is not the first time the government asked about the flag citizenship.
In 2013 the government also filed similar charges but the case was denied later, according to The Citizen.
Kabenrera at that time found that authorities wanted to use the issue of citizenship investigation as a way to silence him.
Last year also, The Citizen reported several cases in which the government used citizen interrogation as a tool for stopping criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, managing director of Twaweza, a civil society organization, focused on the Voices of Citizens, said the authorities have corrupted his travel document and being restricted.
Two weeks before the event, Twaweza reported the results of a survey called Say the Truth for Power?
Public opinion on Tanzanian Politics
The Commission of Science and Technology (Costech) claimed that the research was inappropriate and threatened to take legal action but later the case was denied, according to the Commission of Scienc
In recent years Tanzania has introduced a number of regulations targeting bloggers and media, civil society organizations, arts and cultural organizations.
Read more:  Will Tanzanian Bloggers Reconcile to Pay or Refuse to 'Blog Tax'?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, citizen leaders are full on social media calling for the release of Kabendera:
AFEX Africa calls the accusations of violent violence
Nine days now and Tanzanian police continue detaining investigated journalist Erick Kabendera @AFEXafrica says there is need for an end to the crime
https://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019
Kabendera, who has often trained and encouraged young journalists, made his ex-student this message from Twitter:
I met Erick Kabendera once in my life, and for less than 80 minutes.
He came as a student who was invited to come to teach us (public journalism and communication school - @UniofDar).
But despite being with us for a short time, I learned a lot from him.
He really inspired me
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks the arrest of Kabendera and criminalization is a sign of warning for other citizens:
I DON'T DEFEND Kabendera Because I Am Tanzanian Or Because I Am Journalist I DEFEND HIM Because I Live in Tanzania where Erick Lives.
If Justice Is Not Done Today And I Sleeped, It Might Tomorrow Be Done Tomorrow As Well.
Nobody is Safe When Violence Rules
I and I are Ivan Golunov.
Flag given by Meduza, used with permission
: This Russian language definition means the level of coldness the level that reaches enough is enough maybe a better way is to disclose the number of people in the country.
He was arrested on June 6 in Moscow on charges of drug ownership.
Golunov was arrested and refused to meet with a lawyer which is violating Russian law.
His lawyer confirmed he has serious pain while in prison.
After being taken to a hospital he was allowed and placed in a special house on June 8.
Initially Russian soldiers showed photos of suspected drug stores taken in the Golunov roof house but later the photos were removed from the house.
The Russian pro-Kremlin news outlet today confirmed that the photos were not taken on Golunov Streets.
The charges of Golunov could lead to 10 to 20 years in prison.
36-year-old Golunov is working for Meduza, one of the few independent Russian-language communities remaining in Russia.
Meduza was registered in neighboring Latvia, but has a few offices and journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led to publishing an investigation of several corruption incidents involving high level leaders.
Since Golunov's arrest, Meduza has been providing articles on Golunov under a Creative Commons license and has encouraged media and individuals to republish them online.
Among the most important stories he published is how Vice Mayor Pyotr Biryukov approved projects for his family and how the project to make Moscow a larger city in Russia.
The story he was working before he was arrested was about the lack of funeral services in Moscow.
Golunov’s arrest has prompted solidarity among journalists, activists and lawyers and even popular singers and celebrities.
On June 10, three main newspapers agreed to publish supportive versions of Golunov on the front pages.
Newspapers were sold and put new records.
Unusually the pro-Kremlin media and Channel One, which has a large number of viewers, are calling for a fair investigation.
The 12th of June will be Russian Day, where public marches and demonstrations allowed by local governments will take place.
Under Russian law, public demonstrations require permission.
Supporters of Golunov have announced that they will have their own marches without official permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is working to remove the charges against the journalist before June 20.
On the day President Vladimir Putin, whose levels have been declined in the history of the country, will be speaking by phone in a live speech to the public.
Kenyan writer Binyavanga Wainaina at the Brooklyn Book Festival in 2009.
The 48-year-old Wainaina, who was 48, died on Tuesday May 22 in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC  3.0 and Wikimedia Commons.
Just 24 hours since Binyavanga Wainaina Kenyan journalist disappeared in this world, but her impact and implications continue to rise around the world.
True speaker, an open gay journalist  blamed the conflict and challenged the government inspiring the revolutionary journalism that would open the doors for thousands of journalists.
Journalist, teacher and LGBTQ activist Binyavanga Wainaina, aged 48, passed away on Tuesday, May 22, Nairobi, Kenya, after suffering from cancer.
Today I thought: What will your life mean when it leaves?
Binyavanga’s death made me think about what I was five or many years ago and what he was for us as a young man who loves and hunger for change.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019
For a few minutes, friends, followers and supporters of Inanina flooded on social networks exchanging memories and thanks and discussing his most recent posts.
Wainaina is known for her inspiring posts, How to Write About Africa, published in the newspaper in 2006.
She is also known for her 2012 memorial book, One day I will write about this part, and Mother, I am Queer, published in 2013.
The article attracted a lot on Twitter because people tried to prove the truth and newspapers called Wainaina as one of the 100 most famous people in the world.
In his article How to Describe Africa, Wainaina called the Western media and the industrial support  of all the industries in Nairobi as promoting racism.
Don't try to post a good African picture on a book or inside it except that that African has won a Nobel Prize.
AK-47 guns, beautiful mouths, clear breasts: use this.
If you have to include an African, make sure you have him from Masai or Zulu or the Dogon clothes.
His mother was a small Kisu, writes Nigerian journalist Nwachukwu Egbunike.
His article or book widely quoted by professionals, NGOs and aid workers has had a significant impact on Africa.
On the results, journalist Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the post has followed me since I was brought as a gift by a Kenyan friend.
I am indeed one of the people who were addressed by Binyavanga: A development worker employed in Tanzania by a non-government organization said:
That was as industrial development and industrial support increased their efficiency in order to access the change of costs.
I had many reasons to feel sad, but I also had time to plan how to change.
Binyavanga later described in Bidoun magazine how this article happened only in life and two impacts: By exposing and explaining the dangers of journalists and the risks of journalists in the country
Wainaina was the son of a Kenyan father and a Ugandan mother, continuing to question the lies explained about Africa in her life magazine New York Times.
With informative information, it attracted readers from her childhood in the 1970s in Kenya and a student in South Africa where she spent several years.
Criticism praised the book as real and true, but later Wainaina admitted that she had forgotten the important feature of her love.
Mother, I am gay, Wainaina was the first highest Kenyan and became open by speaking on social media, and raising reactions from the community.
It looked like a missing face in his memory.
Wainaina saw that she was gay and her mother was almost dead.
His article came to a suitable time as a campaign against an anti-gay meeting and an anti-gay law had been proposed in Uganda and later an anti-gay law.
Read more: Tanzania's stance on homosexuality shuts down political agenda
However, unlike many other journalists in the exile, Wainaina returned home as Nanjala Nyabola explains the BBC on Twitter, she says it was important.
For those of us who grew up with prominent Kenyan writers living in exile, prisoned, poor or unprecedented or very badly rejected, there will be a lot of support for those of us who grew up in prison
He was an understandable man but so he deserves always thanks.
We have to speak our thoughts
While Binyavanga really gained love from international groups, home he criticized and faced a pressure of disdain on the principles mentioned.
Binyavanga demanded the opportunity for freedom of speaking and thought.
Courageously in a LGBTQ community he insisted on breaking down these principles
In response to noise and other responses, the same year Wainaina wrote We Should Say Our Thoughts, on Yuotube with six parts following:
I want to live a life of free thought, she explained in the first part.
I call on this young generation of parents to have young people who see Africans writing their own stories  that simple is an important political act everyone should do.
I wish to see a continent where all kinds of thoughts are not necessary until it be allowed.
I am an African of all Africans, I want to see this continent change.
Wainaina frequently expressed her interest in writing, education and leadership.
In 2002, after winning the best Caine award for his discovery article, he used the award money to collaborate to start Why?
A newspaper aimed at promoting new voices and thoughts across the continent.
Why?
It was published and has a network connecting journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more:'We're working to prevent explosions': A word spoken in East Africa
When he insulted social contracts in Kenya   when he publicly displayed himself as gay and later declared himself having HIV on Twitter on February 14, 2014, he said that he was homosexual on Twitter
Wainaina was a controversial person who struggled with controversy and often fighted heavily because of being a prominent gay person seemed to be a controversial role in the country.
He had fans but faced criticism from prominent journalist Shailja Patel, who accused Wainaina of hating the local people.
Twitter user Néo Músangi tells the difficulties of Inainans in a Twitter post:
I am not enough but I cry for Binya as my lovely friend in foreign and my defense.
I am sad that he injured others.
I am sad that he missed as a human.
He would hate us when we clean him.
Journalist Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of Writivism Festival in Uganda, also explained the confusion on Facebook:
his lifestyle was a problem.
Beautiful and leaving mistakes.
The people we detain because of their work and thoughts are only people.
It is a human.
Are we ever ready to love them in their complexity?
Now, much has been spoken about him.
No need to repeat what was said.
People have remembered his pain.
This eliminates the pain someone hears from his death.
There is only one Binyavanga Wainaina.
He is a victim for now.
Let's celebrate his life.
A comprehensive talent
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi tweets on Twitter after posting a praise for Indians on Facebook; hatred and homosexual comments followed the message.
Wainaina was a talented man who should be remembered:
I posted a short message on Facebook about Binyavanga's death, #RIPBinyavanga there were very bad comments and shameful comments I have never read.
Even those who steal taxes and kill people do not experience such hatred.
The truth is, Binya was an intelligence and talent and will continue to be read and remembered
Ugandan women's rights advocate and writer Rosebell Kagumire pointed out what he learned from the Indian strength of speaking:
Don't allow fear.
Don't stop yourself.
Talk about what needs to be said.
Beautiful writing.
Live the truth and in your heart.
When you breathe your last breath there will be million meaningful words you gave to Binyavanga
Through his life and his writings he gave others the confidence to see another life, and his sudden death indicates the background of poems Through his life and his writings Through his life and his
One day I will write about your favorite hair
One day I will write about your laughter
One day I will write about your independence
One day I will write about your ability to think
One day I will write about your rejection
Today I write thanks
Kenyan journalist and author of Dust, and a friend of Indians, concludes with a last mourning:
Who told you to leave?
From your body night without leaving a new account?
The face is running, the eyes are burning, he said, You have 3 seconds to change the shadows you are there.
Who told you to leave?
From your body without leaving a new account?
Why can one go fearful and explode as a text to try?
Now she is one of the famous people, you can join Binya with a big memory of her work.
Front page of the newspaper de Angola about the winning project by Telstar.
Taken by Dércio Tsandzana, April 19, 2019 with permission
Angolan president João Lourenço on April 18 followed the government's proposal for a mobile phone operator in the country, saying that the winner of the proposal Telecom Satellite would be able to
The presidential decision may show a division in the Angolan government.
Telstar was founded in January 2018 with a first revenue of 200,000 (US $600), and its main stakeholders are Manuel João Carneiro (90%) and Manuel João Carneiro (90%).
According to a report on the Angolan network, Manuel João Carneiro's victory was given by the current President Eduardo dos Santos.
The Observador newspaper reported that 27 companies participated in an application process opened by the Ministry of Information and Information Technology under the regulation of the Ministry of Inf
According to Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed the directives that issued new regulations for the opening of applications.
After the results of the first project were publicly published, many Angolans questioned the transparency of the process.
Others went away saying that Telstar winner has never had a website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, editor and director of the show on Facebook:
Telstar  Telecommunications, Ltd, was founded on January 26, 2018, with a first 200,000 revenue from the newspaper Diário da República, whose members are  the government of Brazil.
The main actor has a relationship with Mundo Startel, an enormous company, registered by INACOM, a telecommunication regulator with a license although it has been registered in the country.
Company that does not have a website!
I DON'T BELIEVE AT ALL THAT THERE WERE OTHER CONTESTANTS
THIS COUNTRY IS A BAD COUNTRY
Now, Joaquim Lunda, a journalist and social media broadcaster, praised the president's action and I even thought that the responsible minister was the responsible minister.
Translation Thank you and a congratulation, the decision taken by the Republic of the Republic, João Lourenço, to cancel the government proposal that the Angolan company Telstar has paid for.
There were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
One does not see value in a company founded in 2018 with 200 thousand revenue, given a creative award.
I am completely sure the days of the minister of information and technology are counted.
After losing ANGOSAT 1, now and what we see today, I am concerned whether it will do anything.
Let's enjoy the game silently!!
The president's decision came after the same minister who led in 2017, the satellite project Angosat 1, is getting into problems again.
Adriano Sapiñala, vice president of the main opposition party, sees the problem as a conflict in the government:
JLo [João Lourenço] should plan his team because yesterday the bailout minister was saying that the petition term has ended and therefore Telstar should be accessible.
Is the communication not good?
Now maybe the minister should put a stance of (resignation) or JLo should fire him because if he has cancelled the process is because his process was not good and so that it doesn't affect the person
Blanka Nagy speaking at the January 2019 protest.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kőműves for Hungary's non-commercial magazine, Atlatszo.
This edited version is available here as part of its collaboration with Global Voices.
Hungarian media supporting the Hungarian government have begun new attacks against Blanka Nagy, a secondary school student who violently spoke against her authorities.
Nagy respects many criticisms against him and has also been sexually harassed and one news source has called him a criminal.
He has already filed an abuse case and won a case against three media Lokàl, Ripost and Origo, which are supported by the government, which said he was dying.
However, after Nady won the case against Origo, the source attacked her by publishing her school report.
Nady told Atlatszo that she was intending to prosecute Origo again because of their latest news.
Blanka Nagy became popular in Hungary during the past winter after speaking at an anti-government demonstration, where she criticized political politicians for their demands.
His shocking comments were shared by social media users through a video of his speech.
Two months after his video generated attention on social media, government support and scholars such as Zsolt Bayer started a series of protests against the government.
The media said he was failing his studies and had missed many days of school.
They also called the intellectual who wants to be popular and criminal.
His advocate presented a copy of his results to the court demonstrating that he was not failing in his studies and the copy of the results were also given to Origo’s lawyers.
The news source decided to publish a report from Nagy's results report saying that he almost failed history last year and is also in the country.
When #HungaryMedia lies about young protester Blanka Nagy, she charged them with defamation and won.
They have been requested to apologize and change their information but they have refused and continue to share him.
TV2 suspended the news reporting time for insulting the results, mentioning the papers submitted to the court but did not say what the verdict was http://bit.ly/2insulting http://bit.ly/2insulting
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019
I and my advocate thought to charge the news source that published a copy of my school exams, Nagy told Atlatszo in an interview.
He said Origo had no right to publish the results.
He and his advocates think Origo had no right to see the results when they delivered them in court.
And their latest accusations are not true too, Nady said.
I don’t like my History, aside from what they said.
I have a good result  my points are more than 2 (which is C bridge).
What they say is fake.
I would be shameful if it were true because in my family there was a History teacher one of my grandparents, he said.
I think all of these abuses against me are something strange but I am no longer surprised.
It shows how I am threatening some of the highest authorities of the ruling Fidesz.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer’s himself attack and the supportive government media spreading false information against me, confirms this.
Blanka Nagy a high school student: Fidesz is brutal, writer, worse and tragic.
This horrific group of robbers, this minority government, who are filling their banks for their elderly lives while you are suffering from Poverty as retirees.
He said the truth.
This is Hungary.
Falsifying and providing false information are the only weapons of supporters of Hungary.
Some opposition authorities have responded by charging the media for falsification.
According to the latest figures collected by Atlatszo, the main propaganda sources have failed many cases, and were ordered by the court to correct information immediately.
They cannot put their thoughts in our heads so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua So reads a poster of one protester during a protest for people in Nicaragua.
August, 2018.
Photo: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since massive protests against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned demonstrations, arrested thousands without opening their homes.
The trial of conversation has been failed, Nicaragua's definition remains a difficult question.
The demonstrations began against the reforms of social resources policies which would increase the income taxes while reducing the income taxes while reducing the interests of social resources.
Initially the process was made by the authorities opened the doors of nationwide protests demanding President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice President Rosario Murillo to resign.
The numbers of deaths from the protests are continuing and have not been ended since last year because bans against documentation and memory have increased.
In December 2018 the government suspended several NGOs that were closely monitoring police violence and human rights violations including the United Nations Human Rights Center in Nairobi, the United
In December, two groups of the Inter-American Commission for Human Rights in the Americas (IACHR) the Special Enforcement Program for Nicaragua (MESENI) and the United Nations Group for Human Rights
Read more: We are the Victims and Support the Victims': Expressing Human Rights Violations in Nicaragua
The lower casualties, identified by the government in August 2018, have increased to 197.
However, the Human Rights Organization has reached 322 deaths as of September 18, 2018, where most of the deaths were by shootings on the head, neck and foot.
Blogger Ana Siú wrote on Medium recently about her experience in the April 2018 protests:
I saw my college friend being attacked by gangs on Instagram Mubashara.
I heard him shouting and struggling to avoid injuries [] Finally, the man who attacked him on the motorcycle left him but took his phone.
He didn't know that she still looked queer.
Then he said, let's leave!
We have to take these phones to check.
The incident continued for 20 minutes.
He also looked at the May 30 protests, which was the historic demonstration called on the day Nicaragua celebrates Mother’s Day when 1,000 people were detained in the country.
That day we changed our views about the protests.
Some of us who were at the protests saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time that police have attacked a massive protest with fire.
I have never been closer to such a death.
When students automatically blocked universities in the capital city of Managua, farmworkers blocked the roads in farm areas.
In June protesters in Masaya declared the East City an independent authority from the dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who created security barriers and in response to police attacks.
Protesters more actively involved in violence and violence and by August 2018 there were 22 deaths of police officers, according to the government figures.
In mid-2018, police initiated something called operación limpieza (Operation to clean) to destroy bridges and prosecute accused of involving them.
Reports say the security forces did so in collaboration with militant groups.
Many students, farmer movement leaders, justice activists and journalists were targeted in the dangerous campaign and many have been charged.
And some health workers who helped injured during the protests have been concerned about what they did.
The Nicaraguan Association of Doctors said that at least 240 doctors were evacuated in public hospitals as a way to remove them.
Read more: Nicaraguan protesters and journalists face heavy attacks in the streets and online.
In September the protests were made illegal again, and any activities currently in the streets require special permission from the authorities, which often require special permission from the authori
On February 27, 2019, a table of conversation was returned between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la Justicia y la Democracia (A Unity for Justice and Democracy), which
Compared to previous conversations, the meeting did not include farmer and student movement leaders, because some of them are imprisoned, and some of them are imprisoned.
Not the only president a new beginning
As the country's crisis is going to a second year now, the concerns and concerns for the future of Nicaragua are carried out by the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which is released every day as well as other
Read more: Nicaraguan Diaspora Activists Carry Twice
Nicaraguan news source Niú interviewed protesters who led the February protests in neighboring Costa Rican areas and explained the difficulties of their lives.
Alejandro Donaire, a student who said he fled the country after participating in a peaceful demonstration, told Niú how difficult it was to feel part of the community and how it was difficult to fee
Madelaine Caracas, spokesperson of a student group known as Student Collaboration for Democracy, also shared Niú her vision to see change.
[We want] to eliminate dictatorship, gender oppression, individualism and other weaknesses that have been presented in the country's political culture.
We more believe that Ortega will leave this year and that I will back to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure because Ortega is now unheard in the international and economic atmosphere and also because all those who participated in the April protests have prepared themselves to prepare themselv
This last round of negotiations between the government and the opposition came to an end on April 3, with an agreement on two of the four topics discussed.
First the government has promised that it will release all political prisoners and second that it will respect civil freedom.
There were no agreements made about the rights of victims of electoral violence or suicide for the 2021 elections.
An opposition group Civil Union said that the government has failed to respect the agreement.
It has been reported that police have continued to intimidate peaceful protests.
As was on April 6, only 50 out of the 600 political prisoners were released, and detained in their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new sanction threat by the United States, more than 600 prisoners were released and ended their sentences in detention centers.
In the minds of people like activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of Nicaragua's Future remains in prison today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for a protest in memory of the April 2018 events.
With authorities bans and authorization bans against the protests, there is also expected new repression from the police.