Official Photo of President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari by Bayo Omoboriowo via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it blocked Twitter in the country, several days after it deleted a fatal tweet by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari claiming that the government will use violence against the Igbo ethnic group.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message went viral on social networks, reminding the heartache of the civil war that claimed the lives of over a million people.
But the tweet prompted a social movement to stand up with Igbo Nigerians.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari threatens to deal with Nigerians from the eastern part of the country in a language they understand, referring to the civil war in Nigeria between 1967-1970 against the separatist movement in the Republic of Biafra, in the southeast of Nigeria.
The tweet was written after a series of attacks against the government and security forces in the area, which is blamed on having a militant group linked to the Natives of Biafra (IPOB), a movement of people calling for the secession of the Biafra region.
The group has denied any role in the attacks, according to Voice of America.
Many of those who displayed today's misconduct were less aware of the destruction and loss of people's lives during the Nigerian Civil War, noted Buhari's tweet now canceled:
Image of Nigerian President Buhari's tweet
Tweets responded to the comments made by Buhari, who was clearly angry at the Presidential Palace, the capital city, Abuja, regarding the direction of attacks on electoral officials.
I think we have given them enough platform.
They have said what they wanted, but now they want to bring the country to ruin, he said, speaking of the separatists:
Buhari speaks with his mouth
Buhari, a former general, was in the army during the civil war in Nigeria.
The horrible conflict resulted in the death of more than a million people of the Igbo ethnic group and other residents of the eastern region, according to Chima J. Korieh, a professor of African history at the University of Marquette in the United States.
For many Nigerians, the separation of the province of Biafra is, in general, considered a tragic event of forgetting, but for the Igbo people who struggled to separate, it remains a charisma that changed the meaning of their lives, says Nigerian author Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
(Sentence: The writer is from the Igbo ethnic group.)
Twitter's hate behaviour blocked tweets that preached violence and threatened people based on race, ethnicity, national origin.
Such tweets, like Buhari, are deleted by the company or users themselves force to delete content that goes against the policy.
Lai Mohammed, Nigeria's minister of information, described the removal of the president's tweet by the Nigerian social media company as an incident of deep suspicion:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnj VM
@ConorMWalsh @263Chat @CynicHarare @deltandou @fingerray @RangaMberi @SirNige The Hands off Twitter
An investigation by the digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) community member suggests that Buhari's tweet of intimidation still appears on Facebook two days after it was deleted by Twitter, due to the fact that others have quoted the site:
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted Nigerian president @MBuhari's tweet for breach of law, deleted Tweet still SEEMS in many accounts!
By accessing various accounts through different devices, DigiAfricaLab was able to see more than 17,000 tweets quoted by users before the company deleted the tweet from @MBuhari and @NGRPresident accounts, both of which are verified Twitter accounts used by President Buhari.
Further, DigiAfricaLab was able to click and amplify President Buhari's retweet.
The tweets can still be seen by Twitter users as the tool used by Twitter (api) depends on a networking tool that connects the Twitter database through URLs.
Another reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of New York Times, is that deleted tweets may still be available and seen in the search results until the site is revived by a new copy of the tweet on the main page of the account.
#IAmIgboToo reacting
President Buhari's tweet created a buzz from Nigerians taking over Twitter, which made the headlines with the hashtag #IAmIgboToo to express their sympathy.
Likewise, Nigerian Twitter users from various ethnic groups also used Igbo names to stand with Igbo people.
An analysis carried out on June 4, 2022 by Global Voices using Brand Mentions showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboToo was mentioned 508 times, used 319,200 times, has reached 457,500, and shared 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
A screenshot of the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
Human rights activist Aisha Yesufu using the name Wa Igbo Somtochukwu, which means join me in praising God and condemning how President Buhaari had intimidated the Igbo people by saying the attack on the Igbo people was an attack on me:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Yesufu.
Any threat to the Igbo people is to me.
To attack the Igbo people is to attack me.
I condemn the 1967 Threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
rap artist and music producer Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his enthusiasm for the country to go ahead with this hate-speech:
The description that Nigeria is taking the Igbo people is primitive and leaves a consistently same perspective
#KomeshaSars Rinuola Oduala, using the name Kigbo Ochiaga, referring to the leader of the Armed Forces, proudly recalled the influential contribution of Igbo women to Nigeria's history, referring to the Aba Women's revolt in November 1929:
I am remembering the Aba Women’s Revolt where at least 25,000 women protested against colonial violence.
I come from the same venue with women hulking, born with courage & patience towards years of violence and injustice.
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #I amIgbo
Blossom Ozurumba, an Igbo translator for Global Voices, noted that the threats start with humiliation:
When you subdue humanity it becomes easier to alleviate that moral uncertainty about killing, discrimination or torture others just because of ethnic identity.
If they do not appear to be human beings, it is easy to justify acts of violence against them.
The search for humanity, according to them, makes it easier to alleviate the moralization of murder, discrimination, or torture of people because of their ethnic identity.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a lively debate arose on Kenyan social media about the comments made on the air by three radio broadcasters during the morning show Breakfast Show.
The reporters were discussing a ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was pushed outside a 12-storey building by a man with whom she was in affair.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans angry Kenyans angered broadcasters Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their remarks about a case of alleged sexual harassment, calling the broadcasters the victims-to-blame.
Shaffie insists that the woman was pushed out of the 12th floor of a building in Nairobi after saying no to the man was because she had left herself free and therefore put herself in a similar situation.
What a hell!
The case has divided netizens because some of them are in agreement with the reporters.
Although the three were fired by the radio station, it revealed how hostility to the Kenyan mainland has grown for the women.
There are 21.75 million internet users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the country's population according to data survey conducted by DataReportal in 2021.
Nearly 11 million people are social media users, an increase of 2.2 percent compared to the year 2014.
According to another report by the Global GasMA, the number of mobile phone owners is roughly the same for women and men as opposed to five percent more for men with access to a mobile phone than for women, in three Kenyan netizens one of them is female.
Like a few in Kenya, women are often targeted with cyber bullying.
And although in 2018 a law against online harassment was passed in the country which describes behavior as being around others in a way that could cause concern or fear of their harassment or the destruction or loss of their property with a sentence of up to 10 years in prison, the harassment of many people online remains overwhelming.
Below are two other popular events that have taken place in the past 12 social media platforms that have been used as a platform for violence against women in Kenya.
COVID-19
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherochenk became the first COVID-19 case in Kenya.
After he recovered he came and described his journey when the world first became aware of this new virus.
But Cherochenk was not received as enthusiastically as she expected.
After witnessing to the Kenyan media in April 2020, he faced harassment and disturbances online from Kenyan On Twitter (a popular #KOT term often used to describe Kenyan live Twitter users engaging in informal or virtual discussions) who sought to harass and question the truth about his story.
Other harassers interrupted her personal life, and her personal conversations and pictures circulated widely online, maybe after she was leaked by a friend or close friend.
The hairstyle looks like the Corona itself
Outraged by this, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe came out to defend Brenda, calling for the arrests of the oppressors and naming them as a shameful effort that undermines the government’s efforts towards COVID-19.
Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the police to convict social media users of defaming Brenda
And that wasn't an end, another victim recently fell on the #KOT attack: TV host Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and backing the minister's argument of convicting cyber-dissidents.
I totally do not agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your statement is pointless.
It is hectic and smelly to heavens.
Where was your voice when your fellow women ripped naked man and shared his nude pics?
It's a poison
Okwara criticized the exploiters for targeting women.
He said that Brian Orinda, the three victims of COVID-19, who was present when he made his journey along with Brenda, received no equal response.
This triggered the fingers of the keyboards who have their day on Twitter assaulting Okwara.
Sex card consistently.
Women should always guard their dignity first.
Taking such photos and sharing them in is also an immoral act.
The dilapidated and ignorant situation from Okwara.
So you wonder if Corona had eaten the brain.
The male nude was recently online.
He has suddenly found me informed about it.
Early this year, State House spokesperson Kanze Dena was also affected by Kenyan marital violence.
When he was growing up with a press conference at the ceremony, netizens humiliated his body for his weight.
Soon a debate took place on social media, with Kenya’s side being vocal in defence of Dena.
He's so fat, long, short!
Who set the criteria for women’s looks?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena has gained more weight?
She is a new mother, but, she is owed to no one!
Give him a break please!
This is a new bottom we must refuse
The Elephant, one of Kenya's largest digital publications, noted that social media in Kenya and around the world has become the frontier of poisonous and harsh words.
There is no arguing that social media has become an important tool for social and professional development, mostly for women.
Many women have built their in theond and, during the process, learned how to connect.
Many find consumers to buy and sell their goods underground.
Others secure spaces for expression, leading to hundreds, if not millions, of social that do not only fuel economic growth but directly empower men and women.
They have also learned to improve their entrepreneurial skills in the field.
Of course, social media has arisen as a good bet for business.
This is essential for economic development and publicity of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It appears that for women to have a useful online conversation on topics that directly affect their lives, the Internet should be safer than now.
Rainbow flag.
Photo by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Caribbean countries, one by one, have been reforming its law books to reflect more equality for homosexuals by removing colonial elements that prevented the intrusion of anatomy.
In 2016, it started with Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, though this move has not been interpreted into a change of law.
Three years after the court declared that the laws went against the constitution, Trinidad and Tobago seem to be on their way to amend the principles of the Equal Opportunity Act (EOA) related to homosexuality.
The law aims as, to prevent certain forms of discrimination and promote equality of opportunities between individuals in different situations.
Because of this, the Opportunity Commission and the Court of Equal Opportunities were established to address such issues but so far, those bodies have failed to address discriminatory issues against homosexuality.
Current laws address gender, race, ethnicity, religion, marriage status, or disability in cases of employment, education, etc.
The pressure to amend the current Act was exacerbated after the Scotiabank Bank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it would extend the health care scope to partners of same-sex employees, in the same way that of partners of same-sex employees.
The announcement sparked heated discussions across the country and was congratulated by the American Chamber of Commerce (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, the chairman of the Equal Opportunity Commission, who was quoted in a discussion with the Trinidad and Tobago Newsday saying:
It is a good step for the private sector and especially the bank, which has multiple types of employees.
It is important for others to adopt this move, including what the law emphasizes.
Attorney General Faris Al-Rawi has been inspired by the Scotiabank's move to protect people's rights and that the doors are open to do what is needed to eliminate the continuing discrimination in the country.
Al-Rawi's stance seems to have fluctuated according to what he did after the 2018 Supreme Court verdict; shortly after an unconstitutional verdict was issued, the government declared its intention to appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made great progress in eliminating the various forms of discrimination, when it comes to the issue of discrimination against LGBT people in the country, the fear that suspects use religious arguments has not changed much.
Looking at the public's reaction to the Scotiabank's announcement on social media platforms like Facebook the protest was intense.
Meanwhile, homosexuals continue to not only combat discrimination, but also violence, most of which end up with loss of life.
In a recent case, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the LGBT Movement in the area where he lives, sparked a lively debate online about the difficult situations that homosexuals face especially their safety and discriminatory actions.
Most of the conversations have been held through Twitter Spaces, a platform for audio conversations that facilitates healthy discussion and education.
While Attorney General Al Rawi has not yet officially given the time for the amendment to the law, to their homosexuals and allies, the hope remains that the measures taken by individuals such as the Scotiabank might not be long enough to be taken by the government, and ultimately bring about a social-shaped change.
Duval, a French engineer and founder of the Gaël Institute.
Photo used with permission.
For Internet and technology companies, the gathering of information by Internet users has become their main source of income.
However, this type of revenue gain also puts users at risk, as it manifests itself in the recurring cases of commercial exposure, high data leaks and hacking.
Is there a reliable way to improve the privacy rights of internet users?
Companies like Google and Apple have invested in daily gathering of customer information, specifically through mobile phones, and a combination of regular applications such as the calendar and the agenda.
Several uses have been used to trace the real person's whereabouts, while other uses of health and sports focus on collecting customer data.
It is believed that this information is collected and analyzed to give the user what he needs immediately.
The truth is, however, is that Internet users and technological applications don't know they are sharing their information free of charge.
Internet privacy activists such as Australian Max Schrems, have expressed his feelings about the systematic use of internet companies and the use of revenue technology through subscribers’ personal data.
He highlights the dangers of recurring violence and violations of the privacy law.
One such case was well documented in a Facebook scandal called the Cambridge Analytica case in which the Cambridge Analytica Consultative Institute collected personal information of 87 million Facebook users without their consent to support presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump in early 2016.
Schrems says he warned Facebook officials about the events of the Cambridge Analytica database, and he was not able to convince them to act:
Facebook officials said in their own opinion that when you use a platform from a certain owner you would have allowed them to upload their applications [on mobile phones and other hardware] for user data.
However, why wonder about the right to privacy online when you have nothing to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden had an answer to this question in a 2015 Reddit discussion:
To think that you don't care about the right to privacy online since you have nothing to hide is the same as to think that you don't care about the right to express yourself because you don't have anything to say.
The real impact of the use of ICT platforms
French computer engineer and data expert Gaël Duval has been involved for a long time in the development of computer applications including the Mandrake Linux app which is an active system (on the Linux Kenyan) for which everyone is entitled to improve it and then be used by others.
Duval decided to develop a sustainable system that helps provide a reliable protection of mobile data: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke to her to explore how information technology is affecting people's lives, opportunities, and its repercussions.
Here is his take on the progress of this technology:
This is a philosophical question.
I personally have a mixed feelings about information technology because I'm always very passionate about it.
But some times I feel I am too tired, and I remember those times when you need to make a call, you go to a reserved place.
Undoubtedly it was a very nice and non-quick life.
The young people may wonder that, till I turned five, there was no phone or television at home.
I once thought that I had lived a world that was totally different, and now it doesn’t exist at all.
On the other hand, it's really interesting when we think about what we can do with the presence of modern technology, such as contacting a completely different part of the world through high-tech videos and watching electric cars without gas filling our lungs with dangerous smoke.
For those who remember, let alone the pleasures and trappings of the years of the analogy system, we are now facing a high risk of reliance on information technology.
A 2018 study studying children’s behavioral problems and excessive use of smartphone addicts found that advanced use of smartphone leads to a number of problems including ADD and sonona.
A survey published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50 percent of young people in the Los Angeles state said they could not stay without their smartphones.
The harm caused by these technologies's usage was recently identified by reliable sources in a recent post for The Social Dilemma, which tells the testimonies of former employees of large-scale companies including Google, Twitter and Facebook who explain how they were influencing users to build addictions for income.
Some governments have tried to deal with the situation by enforcing a better law to increase user awareness and accountability to the companies involved.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) passed the Mother Information Protection Act (GDPR).
The law has increased specific requirements for data protection including the obtaining a clear consent from the user to access his or her data and requests companies to delete the data after a three year period without being compelled.
It also provides great compensation for those who would not comply with these regulations.
However, its implementation is met with a lack of competence in the authorities, and this law is only about EU member states.
A tool for empowering ICT users
As far as the situation is concerned, Duval was convinced to develop a tool that would enable people to take responsibility for protecting their own information, as he explains:
Our motto is that your information is yours, since our information belongs to us, and to those who think that it shouldn't be such, they don't want freedom and peace, or they own a burdened business with commercials - since an individual's information can help sell theirs at more expensive prices.
This is how the system he created operates:
/e/ is a virtual IP address that doesn't use any data such as when operating, where you are and where you are a user's privacy.
In no way does this system examine the personal information of the user.
It also provides basic online services such as email, archive, calendar, and archive communication all related to the clever mobile operating system.
Duval says that when it comes to personal data, Google and Apple have similar goals in favor of Google’s commercial system, which depends primarily on 8 to 12 billion per year on Google’s iPhones and iPads.
Duval added:
Using an iPhone, the user sends an average of 6 MB of his data to Google, per day.
It is twice the amount that’s sent in by Android users.
On the other hand, Apple's outer system is closed permanently, with a complete lack of transparency.
They have to.
We, for our part, allow to change our privacy policy: all /e/OS systems and online archive facilities are available for free.
The system can be questioned and audited by experts.
In the face of the growing use of smartphones, it is clear that laws alone are not enough to raise awareness and give users the right tools and skills to protect their data and that comes the essence of digital tools that help users to be more accountable
The information and knowledge are essential to prevention of HIV/AIDS-19.
A photo shows health workers in Kenya raising awareness about the HIV/AIDS virus-19.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire licensed by CC BY 2.0
Kenya’s introduction ofUVIKO-19 has been marred by accusations of corruption, favoritism and corruption that have left many poor and elderly citizens waiting in long queues outside public hospitals this time as the country is facing a third outbreak of HIV/AIDS and death-19.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans are paying up to $100 to be told in advance, as told in several Kenyan online accounts as well as by Kenyan and international media.
Early in March, Kenya bought more than 1 million dozes of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine through the-19 World Health Organization, which is being managed by the World Health Organization through a process called COVAX.
The reception started a campaign of free vaccination at selected public and private hospitals.
The release of the drugs was divided into three types: health workers and immigration agents, citizens aged over 58 and adults with various health problems, and other vulnerable populations such as those living in informal settlements.
The country hopes to receive 24 million doses through COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya is planning to vaccinate 50 percent of its citizens by June 2022 by a collaboration between the COVAX project and foreign aid.
In a press release, UNICEF Representative in Kenya Maniza Zaman congratulated the arrival of the first vaccine in Kenya.
Following the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its allies are applauding the commitment of COVAX to ensure that people from countries with limited economic means are not left in the back of the international vaccine saving program, he said.
However, the third plan was confused after the exercise began because of the last minutes-long decision to speed up the plan's second phase as a way to combat the third wave of infection, opposing political interests, and the government's failure to contact and inform citizens.
In his post questioning what is happening on the UNESCO-19 vaccination program in Kenya, Kenyan-based journalist and distant political cartoonist Patrick Gathara said:
In a loud and selfish tone, politicians claimed that they should be the ones given priority to build trust to the people, although the Ministry of Health has already a lack of massive opposition to the vaccination.
Since the government ignored the requirement to explain its plan to the public, there was much controversy about where and when people were expected to stand in the line.
Despite the government's directive to prioritize the country's 58-year-olds, the Kenyan media that businessmen and politicians not of this age have been getting the services illegally, highlighting the discrimination against the poor and the money owners.
Meanwhile, elderly and poor Kenyans, who have no access to help and no sewing money, are seen waiting in line all day from 11 am, and end up asking them to come back some day because the medicine is over, according to a local newspaper The Washington Post.
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washngton Post.
Without someone to help you complete the whole process, what will you do?
Similar incidents were at another government hospital by @_Sativos, a Twitter user based in Nairobi, who is also a Kenyan.
On the thread, he described what his aunt found, a retired school teacher of over 60 years.
As the elderly waited on the Star, the nurse called out the names and the youth came forward and eventually got a vaccine.
When aunt asked her what is going on, the nurse gave her a phone number that she could use for money, he said on the thread on Twitter.
Following reports of increasing public interest in the campaign, Kenyan Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the press:
I think we've arrived at a place we've created a sense of belief that anyone can go to a vaccination center and get a service.
I want to put it well, those who provide a vaccination service will be accountable for every vaccine they have taken and that the used medications must be delivered by someone who deserves the service.
Kenyan National Association of Nurses President Alfred Obengo urged Kenyans without the priority list to avoid standing in a queue of vaccinations.
Explaining how the Kenyan government could have avoided such controversy in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes his post by saying:
We could have avoided this scandal if the Kenyan government and its allies around the world, including WHO and Western governments, had worked with Kenya on the radar of this plan and not a colony treated with violence and exploitation.
It is painful for Kenyans, their colony country, to not know any other way to do it.
Last December, the world turned to Argentina, where abortion was legally permitted.
But to what extent are girls and women being forced to become parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to this episode of Global Voices Insights (leaped off on 7 April), where our Latin America editor Melissa Vida talks about reproductive rights with the following professional and activist:
Debora Diniz (Brazil): a cultural expert who runs research projects on pathetic ethics, women’s rights, human rights and health.
She teaches at the University of Brasilia, but also researches at Brown University, and is a sexual and reproductive rights activist.
His documentaries on abortion, equality in marriage, separation of the state and religious issues and research on cells have won various national and international awards and have been contested.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): a prominent advocate for reproductive health in Africa, Human Rights, Gender and global advocacy advocate, advocacy advocate, and advocacy advocate and organizer.
Joy was awarded the Uganda Lawyers' Association (ULS) award for the Best Female Lawyer for Human Rights in 2018 2019, and she was recognised as the young woman leader in Global Health at the Women's Leaders World Summit at Stanford University in 2017.
Emilie Palamy pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of the Manushya Foundation, established in 2017 (Manushya is a Sanskrit for a person), with the aim of mobilizing the force of local communities, especially women advocates for human rights, so that they can fight for their rights, equality and social justice.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer specialized in the rights of marginalized communities.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): an independent reporter.
He was initially the Assistant Editor of The News on Sunday by The Nation.
R Umaima has a ten-year experience in online content and magazines.
She focuses on digital security, women and animal rights.
He is also a Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): a 19-year-old climate activist and part of the Fridays For Future and Women's Strike movement.
A telecoms agency waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 content regulation, free speech is restricted by high fees and authorities authorities to remove unacceptable content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a micro-media project that asks the government to address the digital rights challenges of the Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
In early March, when Tanzanians began questioning the health and whereabouts of President John Magufuli was located, many citizens took to social media to question and express their concerns.
In response, the government threatened to arrest anyone who has shared false information about the president on social media.
Authorities referred to Tanzania's 2015 Cybercrime Act and the Electronic and Postal Communications (EPOCA) Regulations (EPOCA) issued in 2020 to explain possible detentions and detainants of those violating these laws.
This was a continuation of government actions, which, on several occasions, have used cybercrime laws and online content regulations to restrict and restrict digital rights and free expression in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice-President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on state television that John Magufuli was dead.
A few days later, Hassan was sworn in as Tanzania's sixth president.
At the time, at least four people had been arrested across the country for spreading false rumors about his health and whereabouts.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will review its online content regulatory principles after Magufuli’s regime, or whether these laws will remain in force until 2025 the remaining Magufuli time that President Samia Hassan will end.
In early March, Innocent Bashungwa, Tanzania's Minister of Information, Culture, Arts and Sports, warned the Tanzanian media against spreading speculation about Innocent Bashungwa, who was then invisible since February 27.
Also, the Minister of Justice and Constitutional Affairs, Mwigulu Nchemba, also threatened netizens to face a prison sentence on Twitter for spreading ridiculous rumors, referring to Section 89 of the Penal Code and Section 16 of the Cybercrime Act.
Police chief Ramadan Kingai expressed a desire to get to know the Twitter account titled Kigogo, which has long perceived the badness of the government.
Human rights activists have condemned the actions taken by government officials and the fear created by these regulations as well as the threats associated with their implementation.
Online Content Principles: Greater Strengthening of Digital Rights
Tanzania has strong internet and comprehensive communication and technology development over the past decade.
Despite such progress, the government has been limiting itself to regulating companies and negotiations platforms and as such independent media fail to distinguish itself based on the types of comments published by its representative shape.
The Internet has created a new online platform for young Tanzanian bloggers and social media activists to express their voices, but the government does not seem to agree with these new facts.
In 2010, Tanzania published its own Electronic and Postal Communications Act, a one of its kind in the country.
By 2018, specific regulatory regulations for online content were adopted through the Electronic and Postal Communications (Online Content) Regulations 2018.
The government argued that these regulations were aimed at closely monitoring social media usage, specifically, to fight the media's problem of hate and rumours.
However, these regulations were not only applied to mainstream media but also to individual bloggers and content service providers, who were disturbed by a new law requirement of paying US$900 per year to obtain a license.
This also apply to anyone producing and broadcasting TV or online radio broadcasts.
Darkness spread on social media following the sudden demand for fees when many bloggers and content creators decided to stop operating because of the high cost.
Opposition politicians and social media users criticized the regulations for violating social media freedom and civil society.
In 2020, Tanzania introduced a new amendment to the online content regulations, under Section 103 of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and will go into force in July 2020, announcing through the No 538 announcements in the Government Newspaper.
Here are some sharp differences between the 2018 and 2020 editions of the Online Content Regulations o (EPOCA):
First, the Tanzania Communications Regulatory Authority (TCRA) re-established tax groups, increasing the minority groups under online content: information & information, entertainment and education or religion, and further prohibitioning individuals from providing content.
The 2020 Internet Content Regulation, Section VI, Section 116:
Any person who provides internet services without proper license, commits an offence and punishes him with a fine of up to 6 million Tanzanian Shillings (2,58 USD) or imprisonment for a term not less than 12 months or both.
Second, TCRA added a list of non-allowed content and included, among other things, content that encourages recording people's phones, surveillance of communications, stealing data, surveillance of communications, recording and interrupting communications or conversations without permission.
Third, the Online Content Regulations (EPOCA 2020) have also reduced the extent to which a licensor can work in violation of the Content Regulations by being suspended or dissolved.
Under the rules of 2018, the licensed owner had 12 hours to do so.
But under Section III, Article 11, the time to deal with any violations was reduced to 2 hours.
The failure to respect this period gives the authorities permission to enter, either by shutting down or removing the account.
Global Voices spoke to a number of law and human rights experts who have criticized the 2020 Content Principles, saying they undermine digital rights and civil society rights.
They said that these regulations violate digital rights and prevent bloggers and journalists from possessing online content.
The major problem here is that no precautions are put to stop this authority from abusing it, and in the current situation, it has a damaging effect on freedom of expression in Tanzania, said one of the human rights experts who sought his expression.
After Magufuli: A Future of Digital Rights in Tanzania
Under Magufuli's rule, civil society, the media and digital rights have been deteriorating rapidly due to the stifling, step by step, of online speech.
After Magufuli's untimely death, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country after six years of tyranny showing signs of tyranny.
Global Voices spoke to several government officials on condition of anonymity about the new regulations and the state of human rights and online speech.
One Tanzanian bi rights expert told Global Voices, on the condition of not being mentioned:
These regulations are unfair because no one can be found guilty, since not many citizens understand the interpretation of them.
Another one thought that the government is taking social media for granted.
He warned citizens to be cautious when talking to public forums because the government has the legal power to obtain all their information through the owners of those forums.
The 2020 Internet Content Regulations make it impossible to remain anonymous when you are online, under Article 9(e), Internet cafe operators are compelled to register with IP addresses, and install security cameras to record all of the activities currently occurring in their area of work, according to this analysis from the Tanzania News Council.
These regulations contribute to the criminal conduct of defamation, impeding the right to ignorance, punishment for violations of these regulations and handing too much authority to remove content to TCRA and other agencies under it.
The Online Content Regulations (EPOCA) conflict with international approved digital rights standards.
In total, these regulations undermine freedom of speech and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, the Tanzanian government is responsible for respecting and upholding the rights of people to express themselves and gatherings, including journalists, civil society members, and opposition politicians, according to the Tanzanian Constitution and international and regional agreements.
These rights are fundamental for the exercise of voting rights.
Tanzania is in a digital rights crisis.
Under the newly sworn in President Hassan, the question is whether the Revolutionary Party will continue to silence and restrict the country's digital rights?
Editor's note: The author of this post requested his name not to be known for security considerations.
Taking Tanzania forward was far from being easy, when President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
His slogan was "Here Is a Work," seen in the green and yellow cap, the colors of Tanzania's ruling party, the Magufuli-led Chama cha Mapinduzi.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people are gathering in sports stadiums, airports and along the roads, in several parts of Tanzania, where the late President John Pombe Magufuli’s body was transported from Dar es salaam to allow the public to be honored for a week in Dodoma, the government headquarters, the Zanzibar Islands, Mwanza and Chato, his home, on the edge of Lake Victoria, where he will be buried.
Magufuli was announced dead at the age of 61, on March 17, in a speech by former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan, aired on national television, ending a few weeks of rumors about the president's health status and where he was.
He allegedly died of a heart attack:
Press release from the President of the United Republic of Tanzania.
Magufuli’s sudden death, however, has left Tanzanians, and others, wondering about the future of politics and governance in the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was sworn in as Tanzania's sixth president, documenting the history of the first woman to become President of Tanzania, the second president born in Zanzibar, and the first Muslim woman to take the highest rank of service in the country.
Under Tanzania's constitution, Hassan will serve the rest of Magufuli's five-year term until 2025.
In this short video, which goes viral on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about his ability to lead as a woman:
To those doubting that this woman will be the president of the United Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell you that this person who is standing here is the president.
I would like to repeat that the one standing here is the president of the United Republic of Tanzania, also female.
While Tanzanians are still mourning Magufuli and dwelling on the sudden change, many seem to be hopeful about Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, the leader of ACT Wazalendo, has hope and Hassani's history in the cause and work as a member of civil society.
Great history of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes told by himself.
He says he was activist.
He was a man of civil society.
Thanks to Chambi for making me see this.
It's not tiring to listen.
While Hassan is popularly known as a compromise lover, calling for unity and calm in this transition, Magufuli is known as the bulidosa, a nickname he has received as the Minister of Public Development to recognize his utility in ensuring road construction.
To remember Magufuli
Kanga commemorates dead John Magufuli, Tanzania's fifth president, who died on March 17, 2021.
Father god be happy for you / We will always remember you our hero
Many Tanzanians and Africans in general remember Magufuli on social media for good and bad.
Magufuli’s bad and good things cannot be disputed with similar seriousness, and that means the memory he leaves behind is controversial but very meaningful.
The camps who support Magufuli and oppose Magufuli will not wish to agree with the debate to go on for years.
Magufuli gained notoriety in his earlier days for his promises to crackdown on corruption.
His effort to set up large-scale projects aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industrial development raised the hopes of many Tanzanians to be independent after decades of relying on international aid.
In April of last year, allegedly Magufuli refused a $10 billion (USD) Chinese loan for the big port project that is interested in being implemented in Bagamoyo near the city of Dar es Salaam, saying, it is the only alcoholist who can accept the terms.
This scandal leads President Magufuli to last year's polls.
It read: Promised It Fails Thank us.
It is decorated with pictures of Magufuli's success in road construction, aircraft purchase, bridge construction and modern railroads.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His stance against corruption was also attracted to the West, and the media at first wrote his stance from a positive perspective.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as Africa's son indeed by a defender of Africa who focused on the interests of Africa.
Others remember him as a popular president, putting patriotism first before all:
I have been following Tanzania as it grieves for John Magufuli.
We denounced his dictatorship and criticized him for his ignoring science behavior, but it is clear, at the sight of the people standing on the road he was famous.
However, Magufuli's administration was very heavy with human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been monitoring the declining protection of civil rights and human rights.
Tanzania fell sixth in the freedom of expression measure that measured democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
When the National Assembly was debating a Political Parties Act in January 2019, a law that was frowned upon by restricting political parties, it was interpreted as a bad sign when an owl appeared inside the assembly building.
Magufuli's administration repeatedly used laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications (Online Content) Act (EPOCA), or the Cybercrime Act to restrict free speech.
The changes to various regulations in 2020 were intended to prevent citizens from disseminating information that could cause peace disruption or sedition and content that contains information about epidemics or serious diseases without public confirmation through government officials at the top.
Citizens could not speak about the earthquake that hit the coastal areas last month, let alone the news of the earthquake that happened some months later.
And during two weeks of rumors about Magufuli's whereabouts and his health early in March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about the president's illness.
Or did he die of a Korona?
Magufulily died of a heart disease that he has been receiving treatment for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many questioning whether he was probably infected with the Korona Virus (UVIKO-19).
For many especially Western countries Magufuli will be remembered for denying the existence of the Korona disease in his country.
While the disease enters Tanzania, the government took note of it and provided practical guidelines on how to combat the spread of the disease, but later, repeatedly, Magufuli has taken the ban on people's activities as a threat to the economy more than the virus.
He repeatedly rejected international guidelines on health guidelines such as wearing brothels, avoiding traffic and vaccinations, urging citizens to depend on prayers and natural treatments as alternative measures.
After Magufuli prevented the publication of the data for the Korona infection last April, he insisted that Korona has failed in prayerfully.
A while later, he declared that Tanzania is free of Corona.
Although it is impossible to say how much the Korona has affected Tanzania, all we know is that the Korona has not left.
When the new Korona blast hit January, many Tanzanians took to social media accounts about their illnesses with signs like the Korona.
Knowing that they could be arrested for discussing the Korona problem, the discussion went in the name of a new nimonia and respiratory problems.
But Magufuli went on his way against vaccinations in a speech he gave at his home in Chato, on January 27:
If a white person could have a vaccine, he would have discovered a HIV vaccine; he would have discovered the cause of the tuberculosis; and now he would have known about the vaccine malaria; he would have received one.
This can be seen as a reference to Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who served as the world's ambassador to security at the beginning of 2016.
Last month, Magufuli finally admitted that his country had a problem with storage stork, appealing to Tanzanians to wear their own paintings.
Curious people say Magufuli's move to change his mind about the korona resulted in the death of Zanzibar’s Vice President Seif Sharif Hamad.
A number of high-ranking officials from the political elite close to Magufuli have died of the disease.
As more and more people congregate to pay their last respects to the late president, his death has brought some relief.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze came out on social media to talk openly about life in the state of the Korona Revolution in Tanzania, where the president intentionally dismissed the Korona virus.
In a long thread on Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the Korona epidemic started to rise worldwide.
Tanzania was not abandoned.
But in April 2020 we resigned in our efforts to combat the spread of the epidemic in the country.
In her last tweets, she said:
Did he die of a Korona?
Yes, of course.
This one and that one.
By them.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But not the ones you want to talk about?
They are not the stories themselves.
It is part of the story.
A friend is looking for you.
Can you?
Can we make it among us?
Please do it.
I will.
Tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze explains the shift in Magufuli's positions, but uses a method of understanding that apparently defeats Magufuli again and forgives him.
Tanzanians agree with the controversy and seriousness of Magufuli’s death and the memory he leaves behind while their eyes are closed to the road.
Who has the power to decide what is going on and what will not be seen online?
This is the most important question raised by activist and writer Jillian C. York in his next book Silicon Values,* that is expected to be launched on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10 at 14:00 GMT, Jillian will join Global Voices managing director Ivan Sigal for a video conversation about his book, which, as he explains in the preamble, we seek to excavate the history of how the Silicon Valley telecommunications platforms have created a unique system, a system that monitors the way we online expression.
Jillian, Director for International Freedom of Expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, and is a long-time member of Global Voices, where she struggles to write about digital freedom and freedom of expression in the Middle East context.
The show is free and public and will fly live on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We wait eagerly to see you join us on Wednesday, February 10 at 14:00 GMT (click here to see your time zone)!
*Buying this book through this link will help contribute to Global Voices.
A young man looks at his mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, for USAID / Digital Development Communications on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first Korona virus was in Tanzania in mid-March 2014.
However, after the figures continued to climb to 509 cases and 21 deaths in late April, the Tanzanian government announced that there were not even one infected with HIV/AIDS-19 in June.
That same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told the parliament that there were only 66 patients across the country, but he did not give further explanation.
Since then, the government has remained silent about the Korona virus with harsh political statements denying the existence of the virus continuing without any figures for sickness or death.
Today, many operations are ongoing as usual, including the tourism industry in Tanzania, which attrays thousands of visitors to the country through irregular airports.
Zanzibar Airport got a low point of two stars on the health and safety assessment by the Skytrax Safety Monitor, airport safety measures taken by airport authorities to raise awareness in the wake of the disease.
According to the Skytrax report, two new patients infected with a new kind of South African virus were confirmed to be traveling into Denmark on January 19, from Tanzania.
The biggest music concert that is eagerly awaited yearly, Voice of wisdom, will take place in mid-february in Zanzibar, sponsored by the European Union in Tanzania and several European ambassadors in Tanzania, amidst the high risk of a new kind of Korona virus spreading across Britain, South Africa, and Brazil.
On January 24, the Catholic Provincial of Arusha issued a warning warning to its members against the presence of UNESCO in Tanzania, urging its members to follow all the necessary health precautions to protect themselves from the spread of the virus through churches.
Although records show Tanzania has fewer cases compared to other countries, the government’s silence on HIV/AIDS statistics-19 has created a state of uncertainty among health professionals and human rights activists, who are prohibited from speaking and talking HIV/AIDS-19 on social media platforms.
The country adopted a 2018 edition of the Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations (Online Content in July), blocking content with information about the outbreak of a lethal or deadly disease in the country or anywhere else without the authorities' permission.
Although the initial measures to counter the spread of the virus were taken, now schools, colleges, offices, and other social activities have returned to normal.
However, the virus is also spreading across the country.
President John Magufuli has expressed doubts about the quality of the lab equipment and the integrity of his experts after a clandestine trial with gnomes and goats to suggest that they were infected with the virus.
The president said the data was a bit confusing and shortly thereafter, fired Nyambura Moremi, the director of the national health lab, on charges of rigging the results.
The 19-year-old team that was formed by the minister ended in disintegration.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national prayer.
He made the announcement publicly at Sunday services, amidst believers praising him, claiming that God answered their prayers.
Magufuli praised the faithful for not wearing the barakoa, despite an appeal from the World Health Organization to ask the people to wear the barakoa to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, nicknamed bulldozer for his strong stance against corruption, was voted in October 2020 for the most criticized election against the opposition.
Tanzanians were surprised before the election with internet shutdowns where major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were shut down.
To date, many Tanzanians cannot access Twitter without access to VPN.
For more than five years, the Magufuli administration has restricted freedom of democracy and civic activities as well as restricted freedom of expression and the right to access information on digital platforms.
Under the austerity of the government to deny the existence of HIV/AIDS-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any HIV/AIDS data that the government does not verify, meaning ordinary people including journalists and health professionals are prevented from commenting on HIV/AIDS-19 on digital platforms or obtaining relevant information.
The right to access to information of UNESCO has turned to a privileged class, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices on condition of anonymity, afraid of being fired.
Unlike other countries with special teams working on UVIKO-19, Tanzania has a website with relatively little advanced information on UVIKO-19.
The statements of denial are widely accepted by many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore important precautions such as wearing brothels and avoiding traffic.
Global Voices visited several hospitals including Muhimbili, the government appeals hospital in Dar es Salaam, the country’s cultural capital, and Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Dodoma, the political capital, to see a few precautions being taken to counter the spread of the uric virus.
People are allowed to enter the hospital area without wearing barakoa, there are very few cleaning materials and wash their hands and those in are either dehydrated or fractured, which was seen, for example, in the ward of pregnant women Muhimbili.
While the Magufuli administration has not cared about the impact of the virus on the everyday lives of citizens, many of the country's government's ministers and departments are agreeing that it 19 exists.
Tanzania's Finance Minister urges his Ministry officials to take all the necessary precautions to protect themselves from the korona virus, while he says Tanzania is not affected by HIV-19.
Mwananchi newspaper's photo.
For example, when Magufuli was sworn in for the second time last year, authorities took serious precautions against uviko-19, forcing all the attendees to take body temperatures and wash their hands in special places with water and spray.
On January 25, Tanzanian Finance Minister Dr. Philip Mpango asked his ministry officials to warn against UVIKO-19 and at the same time deny the existence of the disease in Tanzania, during his meeting in Dodoma, the political capital.
Many local experts are too scared to talk, too scared to take action.
Global Voices spoke to a health authority who believed that Tanzania might be suffering from the second wave of blast but that she thought the information was hidden.
The expert did not want to be mentioned, fearing action.
Another health expert told Global Voices under the pretext of not being mentioned that people should know about the HIV/AIDS trend 19 in order to be able to take precautions to protect themselves and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that leaving people in the dark makes their work difficult but he believed that the Tanzanian people would try to protect themselves by taking all precautions as recommended by WHO.
He told Global Voices:
Politicians have kidnapped the whole issue of UVIKO-19 and are playing a dangerous game, but as soon as people die they will begin to expel health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices under the pretext of not mentioning his name said that although there is a promise for protection, the Tanzanian government's comments to deny that the disease will restrict its access, because the government has taken nothing to find it in the world's markets, rather than seeking medicine.
In December 2020, Health Minister Gerald Chamii's spokesman expressed his concern about global vaccinations, telling the East African magazine:
She does not take even six months to get a vaccine or a cure.
We have failed ourselves since the blast began, and I am not sure that it is wise to introduce that protection and share it with people without doing medical testing to prove its safety in our people.
Access to information is an important issue for democracy and development.
Tanzania's Internet use laws have been misused to silence voices and those speaking out against Tanzania's handling of the HIV/AIDS-19.
Freedom of expression, including the right to access, receive, and spread information, is guaranteed by international law.
In Tanzania, the right to information, access to information and dissemination of information is recognized by Article 18(1) and 18(1) of the Constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights appear to be more a theory than a reality.
In a situation where the government denies the existence of Soviet Union-19 and the rule of law that prohibits dissemination of information and commentary on the disease, both online and offline, Tanzanians are leaving them without information and many are afraid to speak.
This post is part of a series of posts that investigate digital rights violations during detention measures targeting the spread of HIV-19 in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
The project is financed by Africa Digital Rights Foundation and the Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Photo shows graduation of the police training in Mozambique | August 19 screen image, STV Youtube, by the owner
The Mozambican police documents leaked in the press in early August proved that 15 students had been pregnant while in a police training school in Matalane, a district of the state of Maputo.
The documents state that these pregnancies are a result of incestuous relations between students and trainers without specifying whether they are spontaneous.
It has been said, however, that pregnant students will not be able to complete their training now, and they will travel back home under police repairs.
Finally, the statement said that the staff will be suspended.
Asked by the O País newspaper on August 8, Police Commissioner General Bernardino Rafael said that all of the perpetrators will meet with disciplinary procedures.
It didn't take long for the case to be strongly condemned on social media.
Several netizens expressed their dislike in the school's decision and demanded justice for the women.
Karajan Fátima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
The Matalane issue to be taken seriously.
I am really disappointed with the issue of the pregnancy of 15 students of the Matalane Training Center.
This is an enormous issue.
It is important because as documents showed the characters are tutors.
Now one person with greater authority over another is aborting and a little process?
This reminds me of a teacher who alleged bribes against her students in order to give them a grade or not to harass them in the classroom because they are ignorant in her opinion, and instead of being accused the teacher was transferred to teach somewhere else.
And there he continues his exploitation.
dinkeka, a women's rights activist, also slammed the issue on Twitter:
The Matalane Case
Creating a social equality in ensuring equal citizens’ rights requires a sound education as well as a development policy that cares for civic development as well as scientific and ethical knowledge and patriotic education.
The Matalane Case
Blaming violence against women is common in patriarchal societies, which are known for abusing women and submitting to the demands of men to bring judicial punishment for the actions of the victims and reducing the accountability of the oppressors.
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
It's a tiny piece of snow that a Matalane is our product.
I think of a day when they will start to express their concerns, starting from their childhood.
Journalist and activist Selma Inocência also said:
Very few teachers have been brought to court, charged and convicted.
Thousands of girls are involved and lost their childhood.
School is not a safe haven.
The statistics are that hundreds of girls get pregnant at school and some of the participants are teachers, teachers, and headmasters.
The petition has been passed calling for punishment from the police officers.
So far more than 3,8000 people have signed up.
For the government the issue is fundamental and undergoes a thorough investigation at the level of ministry and the chief of the Mozambican police.
Jamaica cannot and will not tolerate such issues.
The law must take its course and it's for everyone.
No one is above the law.
The investigation continues by examining in-depth all information in the case and taking into account the psychological and emotional condition of the pregnant women because they deserve their dignity.
Another Trial
This is a continuation of cases of violence against women in Mozambique that are not being in media.
One of the case that recently became the headlines is that of Alberto Niquice, the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is facing a criminal case for raping a 13 year old in 2018.
Earlier this year, 30 civil society institutions in Mozambique asked Niquice not to be sworn in after his reelection in 2018.
However, the vice took the office and works normally in parliament.
Another media case is the brutality of Josina Machel, daughter of Mozambique's first president, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three-year-old love Rofini Licuco with one eye blindness.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months plus a 300 million metric ($4.2 million) fine for Josina.
However Rofino appealed and in June of this year the Supreme Court of Appeals annuled the case over allegations that there was not enough evidence in the case.
This Tuesday of Giving, move to Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
2020 has been alone not yet completed.
At the center of everything, we at Global Voices continue to publish news from all four corners of the world, to bring our readers unique world-shaped perspectives on issues like the HIV-19, the race-sharing movement, demonstrations in countries like Belarus and Thailand, and more, more.
A community of bloggers, writers, journalists and digital rights activists at Global Voices has been working for over 16 years to build bridges across countries and languages and to defend press freedom, Internet transparency, and the rights of everyone, everywhere and freedom of expression.
Please Donate to Global Voices This Giving Tuesday
Our work with the global community of writers is evidence that human relations regardless of range can change the way people understand the world.
Please sign today to help us carry on this important work.
+1 Donate to Global Voices >>
December 2004.
You had to be a university student using Facebook, Twitter was not yet in use, aggressors were still living on bridges of mysterious stories.
Our phones were still brainwashed, leaks by that time meant water and would call the thumbnail to repair, and still Amazon.com was unable to sell certain products.
There were a lot of news sites, blogs were there and they did well, and we started to chat online.
That’s where Global Voices was born.
We’ve been around for 15 years!
For the dog age, that is 110 years old.
For the internet years, that is about 1000 years.
Today we wish to take advantage of this opportunity to thank our inspiring authors and our faithful readers and allies for giving Global Voices the strength and ability to go forward.
Since 2004, we've helped write the biggest stories in the world.
We have published 100,000 posts, created special posts to empower marginalized communities with access to digital media and digital rights, and form a community of translators working to more than 51 languages.
Without you, there't be Global Voices.
Help us to complete another 15 years.
We mean we will need your support.
Donations from individuals help to protect our freedom and enable us to make tough decisions to grow and change.
Please show support today!
Donate now!
Commuters crossing the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Photo released under Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a quick decision to tackle EVENT-19.
The African Center for Disease Control (ACDC) formed a working group within 19 February 5, before the continent had seen one infected person.
Today, Africa is currently the world's lowest-hit region with about 1,293,048 cases confirmed with HIV19 and the most interesting is 1,031,905 cases to be healed, according to the African CDCP.
The continent contains less than 5 percent of cases worldwide and less than 1% of all deaths worldwide.
Now, if African countries led by the African Union are easing the COVID-19 limitations and preparing to reopen their economies and borders, many governments are using innovative technology.
The growing solidarity, of an African tech that can monitor dissemination and converge COVID-19 testing centers across the continent has led to the adoption of panaBIOS, a technology of biometric monitoring supported by the African Union.
panaBIOS has developed a software based on a run-in and web and using an algorithm to follow people at risk and to keep a record of samples from nature to laboratory.
The technology is created by Koldirati, a emerging initiative of Kenya, and financed by AfroChampions, a massive and private collaboration designed to bring together African resources and institutions to support and improve the private sector of Africa.
Ghana is the only country for this hour that uses panaBIOS when it opens its borders.
panaBIOS ensures passengers can use judgement results from other countries to satisfy the demand for port’s approval by the countries they travel through Bios app or in addition to the wavelength generated by the system’s passport documents.
Port health officials are using the commercial version of their software to validate health documents in a equal way for all countries.
Complete laws to protect data and privacy
The African Coalition and Africa CDCP are calling on member states to share a run-based, panaBIOS platform that will produce results across the continent.
However, the data's interference with health has raised a number of questions about the accuracy and privacy of data.
Government surveillance and censorship can panic and threaten citizenship, especially in a country where only 27 out of 54 countries have comprehensive laws on protection and privacy.
Other countries in Africa, such as Ghana, have reformed the law to give the president emergency powers to deal with the disaster by ordering the telecommunications company to give customers' personal information such as customer database, customer phone record, mobile money transferred to and unused money, transactors' pundits, and addresses.
To ensure the protection and privacy of data, all the machine learning techniques used by panaBIOS are in general data.
These are data collected and edited for data analysis and not personal target data for censorship, which will be required to reach suspects or victims.
To ensure censorship, the African Union, PanBIOS, and its allies must propose how to apply to data protection laws of different countries to protect privacy, ensure data consent and avoid sharing in data.
Currently, the app does not have a public privacy policy, where it explains users the principles of collecting and sharing data.
The challenge is how a private policy will meet a range of objectives, standards, nationals, and data protection rules such as the African Union Convention on Internet Safety and Personal Data Protection, of the South African Development Community (SADC) law on data protection, the Economic Community of West African Nations (ECOWAS) Act of Addition A / SA.1 / 01/10 on Self-Determination in ECOWAS and the East African Association of Digital Rights.
Technological solutions have contributed to a better understanding of COVID-19 Africa
Including panaBIOS, some Afika nations have implemented a technological-driven response to the resilience of the COVID-19.
For example, scientists from Sengali have developed a COVID-19 testing tool that costs $1 and 3D patients.
Wellvis, a newly emerging Nigerian organization, developed a COVID-19 testing tool, an open internet tool to help users measure the risk of being infected by the storyline according to the symptoms and history of their vulnerability.
The South African government used WhatsApp to provide an interactive conversation to answer the common question of fake stories, signs and cure of COVID-19.
And Uganda, women of the market used a Soko Park software to sell their products at home using this software, then a motorcycle taxi to take the product to the consumer.
Africa’s success in controlling and controlling growth of COVID-19 is connected to the young population, their capacity to measure and monitor the deceased, and their possibility of exposure to SARS-CoV-2 among other Africans.
But, it is clear that these technology-driven inventions have played a significant role in the implementation of COVID-19, as well as decisive leadership at the beginning of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu, deputy doctor and Bill and Melinda’s organization summarized how, in January, as most Western nations hesitated, Ethiopia started massive filtering out of AddisAbaba’s wetlands.
Rwanda became the first country in Africa to put an end to regular katikhulars on March 21, and a number of African countries followed this soon: South Africa implemented very serious katikhulars at a time when it grew up with 400 cases and two deaths.
(And that massive public figure, Italy grew to more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths took action.)
In contrast, the number of victims in Africa is six times the number of victims.
Public health experts estimated that the disaster would have a devastating effect on the African continent and the dead bodies flood the streets.
Bayana, Africa has confirmed otherwise.
This story is based on a study by Factcheck Lab, a fact verification agency based in Hong Kong, who is also a Global Voices news partner where the writer is a member.
Since September 22, social media coverage and publication in China quoted notly as the top scientist of the World Health Organisation (SAD), Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, said Chinese vaccinations against COVID-19 have been proved effective.
These reports and posts quote the source of a minute video produced by China TV for a video-sharing program China Miaopai.
The video shows a speech by SAD director-in-Chief Adhanom Ghebreyesus talking about the need to intensify HIV/AIDS-19, followed by Dr.Swaminathan's remarks.
In a CCTV video, where a short note states WHO Chief Scientist: 19.
As you know, they also have a comprehensive program of vaccination and some of your vaccines progressively in clinical trials, this is also a interest to us, we are following it closely.
Some of the participants have proven to benefit from ongoing clinical trials.
But Dr.Swaminathan’s original speech was edited.
His last sentence, for sure, started with the word if, and the background sounded it out as if he said it confirmed rather than confirmed.
Dr.Swaminathan’s statement is as follows :
We have been involved in the debate with China for the past months because, you know, they too have an integrated program of exacerbating and a lot of their vaccines are in advance of clinical trials, this is our interest, so we are watching closely.
We've had a constructive and open discussion with them and they've constantly stressed their commitment around the world to some of their vaccines if they've gone through ongoing clinical trials.
So am thinking the ongoing talk is, it’s still clear and we hope that many countries will learn.
The comments were made at a news conference on SAD Day on September 21.
A complete copy of that one and a half hours period will be shared very well.
The Summit seeks to submit an excerpt on a plan that cost WHO $18 billion and other agencies to submit HIV 19 in the future across the world.
By now, 156 nations have registered for the program; neither China nor America is among them.
As estimated, the CCTVT video, along with breaking news reports and produced publications, has attracted nationalist consent.
The posts on Weibo and Daily Economic News have gathered more than 337,000 likes.
Below are some popular opinions:
Proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the Central Autumn Festival.
You't imagine China's scale.
Proud of my country.
China has saved the world.
After the inspectors sure indicate Dr.’s words are misled, after all the media, including CGTN and CCTV, deleted their social media publications.
Among them is the China Youth Communist League, whose post was retweeted by Twitter user @Emi-2020JP before disappearing from Weibo:
Tedros needs to be shot first.
As @Emi-2020JP, many of WHO's Twitter users believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and posted an angry commentary on Tedros:
Tedros is a toilet toilet!
I'll pay to give Tedros an extra injection!
Yesterday my mother told me, the local news said America will buy a lot of vaccines from China.
I have no need to say. Let them live in their fantasy.
A really good job, from covering up the spread of the virus to advertising the sell of vaccinations!
Although Chinese publications have been deleted, copy of the copy still circulates on social media, such as this public post WeChat.
Beijing-based Hong Kong media, such as Speak Out HK (and Today Review (), have also published information about the video.
There are about 200 HIV-positive vaccines-19 that are at the far end of the world's clinical trials, and many of them have been prepared in Chinese libraries.
None has passed the 3rd phase of testing now.
Protests against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans took to the streets on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other cities protesting police brutality.
The protest began after a shocking news broke out about the death of 35 year-old physician Silvio Dala, who died on September 1 under police surveillance.
According to authorities reports, Dala left with his car from the David Bernardino Children's Hospital in Luanda, where he serves as the Director of the clinic and was stopped by police because he did not wear a barrel.
The doctor was taken to the Catotes police station in the nearby town of Rocha Pinto, and when he showed signs of abuse and began to faint, he fell badly and hit his head and caused a small head injury, according to the official police report.
It also said that Dala died as police officers took him to the hospital.
The Medical Association dismissed the report.
Party President Adriano Manuel, told Voice of America (VOA) that there is controversy in the description of the authorities which shows that a doctor was hanged on.
Manuel told Deutsche Welle (DW) that the cause of the death declared by the police is not the real one.
Any person who is a doctor has been trained in medicine will know that this is not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, a news source from the ministry of interior says that an investigation was carried out in front of the family by the prosecutor and it was proved that the doctor was not a victim of a beating.
The party has said it will take legal action against the police.
The Angolan government has also formed a commission with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
Protesters disbelieve the police's confirmation of Dala's death.
Posters used by protesters throughout the city of Luanda said: No more Murder, You are paid to protect us, you must not kill us, I am Silvio Dala, You have killed Silvio Dala.
Some also called for the resignation of Interior Minister Eugénio Laborinho.
The march was organized by the Medical Association in conjunction with civil society organisations and institutions.
Protests against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protest against Dr. Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
From the start of the storytell disaster in Angola, several cases of police acting violently while conducting surveillance have been to result in the death of civilians.
Speaking to Lusa, the rapper Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, called for the resignation of Lugarinho and also for the police school to improve its training structure.
The police is an organization that should inspire courage, but today the people are not courageous, that is, afraid when they meet the police, he concluded.
Protests against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many called off these protests on Facebook and WhatsApp against the incident.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
COUNTRY POLITICS RELIEVED IN THE DECREATION OF MEDICAL SILVIO DALA
The images are very powerful and sound.
We must all demand justice.
Police in this country must pay for their crimes.
Things cannot remain this way.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chairman of the board of executives of the Sonangol petrol company, daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDalaامدada demostção pacífica e silenciosaranie Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA),convidando統計oses de Educación,outrosenciatos e المجتمع civil, contra a violência Policial em memória de Sílvio Dala, 12:30hLargo da Mutamba pic.twitter.com/blRs117IdY
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#IAmSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Angolan Medical Association (SINMEA) announced a silent and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civil society organizations to protest police brutality in honor of Dr. Silvio Dala, at 12:30 p.m. in Largo da Mutamba.
The headline: Angolans take to the streets protesting police brutality and calling for an end to the murder.
Meanwhile, also on Twitter, Alejandro questioned the participation of social media activists in Angola in this event:
Lèo o George Floyduara morto os chamados Influencers Angolanos表示am oniemecidoam ao مؤس Black Lives Matter, mas com a Presidente do medicoعدامano Sílvio Dala osiertarme influencers nãoورات emaní aفاق!
Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed the so-called Angolan social media activists showed support for the Black Life is Worth living, but at the death of Angolan physician Silvio Dala, these relatives are doing nothing about the tragedy!
Hachalu Hundessa interviewed by OMN on Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
Editor's note: This is a two-part analysis of Hachalu Hundessa, a popular Oromo musician whose murder sparked ethnic and religious clashes because of misinformation on social media.
Read Part 2 here
Great Ethiopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained notoriety by using his creative and talent to raise awareness about the Oromo people.
He was murdered in the streets of the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, on June 29.
That night at three and a half hours, as Hachalu got off from his car, a man named Til rok Yami walked to his car and shot him in his chest.
She was rushed to a local hospital where it was officially confirmed that she was dead.
It was later revealed that the bullet damaged his internal parts seriously.
Addis Ababa's police chief that two suspects have been arrested.
After a few days government authorities convicted the killers and two of their allies.
With her death, the country has entered a difficult time reclaiming successive violence.
The fact that Hachalu's murder has been unclearly revealed, and with the results, rumors started to circulate after politicians and activists clarified the conflict between Ethiopia's largest ethnic groups, Oromo leaders and Amahara.
On the day of his funeral, mourners flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities surrounding the province of Oromo.
The next morning the Oromia Media Network (OMN) satellite television station, where Hachalu held his final interview, aired live ads on television and networks, showing as the coffin was transported from Addis Ababa to their home in Ambo.
The slow-motion of the announcement turned into a scene of clash between authorities and opposition leaders, with a dispute over the location of Hachalu and OMN forced to cancel his announcement; they were allegedly forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several were injured in Addis Ababa.
The clash led to the arrest of some opposition leaders including Jawar Mohammed, OMN leader and opposition leader Bekele Gerba, who were charged with inciting violence.
A controversy arose after authorities re-accepted Hachalu's body and brought it to Ambo by helicopter, where both sides continued to fight and deny the victim's family the opportunity to give their relative a proper burial.
After that violence and clashes followed.
The fighting took three days to disperse some of the cities of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real destruction is: 239 people dead and hundreds wounded, more than 7,000 people arrested for causing violence and the destruction of property worth of a million birr, Ethiopian silver.
On June 30, the government tried to shut down the Internet to prevent the widespread crackdown on social media from occurring for three weeks.
Several people were shot by security forces but some media sources, including Voice of America and Addis Standard, that angry Oromo groups attacked people of different groups, including towns and towns of different faiths, in the Southeast of Oromo, targeting specifically the families of non-Oromo and non-Muslim populations in the region.
Further violence in the Amahara-Oromo mixed zone and religion may have played a major role because of the understanding that: the South East Moromo community is identified by the Islamic separation of the Afan-Oromo language.
One local farmer said that we thought Hachalu was a Moromo after watching a live broadcast depicting the funeral rites of the Ethiopian Orthodox Church of Tewahedo.
According to reports, the majority of the victims were Amharic Christians, Oromo Christians and the people of Gurage.
One witness said the groups had destroyed and set fire to assassinations by beating the victims' heads and feet.
Interview Forecast
When news of Hachalu's murder was only heard, the news of the diaspora's Moroccan authorities linked his death to the last interviews Hachalu had with OMN, led by Guyo Wariyo, and were broadcasted a week before Hachalu was killed.
During the interview Gayo repeatedly asked Hachalu snatched questions about his support of the ruling party and also frequently interrupted him in his response.
Hachalu refused to support the ruling party but also criticized the conflict and division in the Oromo political parties, showing freedom of thought as a musician which made him the target of online attacks until the day he was killed.
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historic harassment of the Oromo people by the king Menelik II who founded the current Ethiopia.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that the horse planted by Menelik in the statue in Addis Ababa belonged to an Oromo farmer named Sida Debelle, and Menelik stole the horse.
His response inspired expressions of praise and criticism from many others on Facebook and Twitter.
When Hachalu was killed a week later many of the Oromo diaspora felt that Hachalu's criticism of Menelik II had angered those who supported the royal Ethiopia and led to his assassination.
On social media citizens clashed with what Hachalu said about Menelik, resulting in widespread false reporting.
The other part of the interview features information on issues regarding division and conflict within the Moroccan community.
During all of Guyo's interviews, he digged Hachalu about the political changes in the country and the anti-government movement by asking a question about the country's Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is a Moromo, and that if the government has managed to fulfill the will of the Oromo people since he came to power in 2018.
Hachalu repeatedly said he was not involved in Oromo's promiscuous politics but he criticized all those judging Abiy's patriotism.
He defended his position against key opposition leaders who were united in Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which had once been close to the strongest and most historic Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Front (the EPRDF).
TPevin turned into an opposition party after Abiy disbanded the EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke about the political violence in the Oromo region blaming both the authorities and the militant group at the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) where it is known as OLF-Shane.
Following the Hachalu massacre, the government was able to take a 71 minutes long interrogation tape and give it to the public.
The segment consists of a massacre message used at Hachalu in Western Oromo, where the OLF-Shane militant forces are operating.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he praised OLF-Shane.
He spoke directly of the conflict with Getachew Assefa, Ethiopia’s supreme security officer during the TPoppel period in office.
Guyo, who promoted the interview on his Facebook page for calling it necessary to see a few days before his airstrike, has been arrested by the police since then and the government is investigating the 71 minute session of the interview to find evidence for a solution to the cause of the Hachalu massacre.
Read more about the effects of the massacre of Hachalu Hundessa in section II.
Screenshot from the Guardian, YouTube video on female genital mutilation.
The COVID-19 disaster has markedly affected the rights of women in the Middle East and Northern Africa; from rising violence in homes to losing their jobs.
But there is one open area where women are affected with the carnage, and this is after the outbreak of the Korona disaster and heck to deal with it.
In April, the United Nations announced that in the absence of sanctions based on an effort to combat the storage facility, there are 2 million cases of mutilation predictable from the next decade to prevent the storage facility from restraining plans and efforts to plunder and cut it off
The cut involves partial cutting or wiping out the vagina, or injuring the vaginal parts without any therapeutic connection or idea, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
This practice is a ritualized and religious culture that took root across Africa, the Middle East and Asia, and is carried out by traditional eels, medicines with knives, mangoes or bottle cut.
The genital mutilation is also known as genital mutilation is widely believed to be one of the most perceived atrocities against girls and women, and it is still widely in the Middle East.
At least 200 million women are affected by them.
The situation is clearly explained in the video by UNICEF:
In the Middle East and North Africa region, genital mutilation is a problems that are primarily complicated by Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, the Child Protection Adviser, explains more,
Somalia is considered to have one of the highest numbers of mutilation victims where 98 percent of women aged 15 to 49 are incarcerated.
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent were affected, Egypt 92 percent, Sudan 88, Mauritania 69 percent, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7 percent, according to figures released in June by the United Nations Population Organisation (UNFPA).
It differs according to the social class, ethnicity, and level of education in each country and in the urban or rural areas.
The cut usually happens between the poorest people or in the uneducated families in the rural areas.
In Yemen, the carnage has taken root in the coastal region but is little done in the north.
In Iraq, the practice is widespread in the northern part of the Kurdish state.
In Egypt it's mainly for the girls living in the Egyptian Upper Zone.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from the poorest families have been cut off compared to 37 percent of women from the highest-income families.
BREAKING: The Most Mind-reported Violence
The scale and breadth of the cut will have been undermined because of the world's lack of a comprehensive image of the cut, according to a joint report from March, approved by Equality now, the European Network for the End of the cut and the Network for the End of the cut from the United States.
The report showed that this culture is on the rise and is also occurring in the Middle East and Asia, and the world has ignored the genitalia.
Recent surveys have also shown that cuts are taking place in Iran, along with countries in the Gulf countries such as Kuwait, the Arab Emirates, Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Water Srinivasan from Equality Now told Reuters that he was really shocked at the results of that small survey from sites like Omani and Saudi Arabia where not usually the places that would come to mind when you think about Holocaust
This report was published while the COVID-19 disaster was raging in the Middle East and was never published or interpreted by any Arabic media or social media.
The society's lack of awareness about genital mutilation can confirm the perception that genital mutilation is not a cause of concern.
Social Taboo
In the Middle East, there are taboo surrounding the bodies of women where it is banned from publicly discussing secret issues such as genitalia and which are interwoven with traditional beliefs, religion and culture.
For example, in Egypt Christian and Muslims together believe that girls genital mutilation makes their husband more vulnerable and vulnerable, and mothers also fear that their daughters will not be married if they are not mutilated, according to a report from Tokomeza in the Middle East, a campaign which was organized in 2013 to raise awareness about feminism and tell the world that genital mutilation is not only in Africa but also in many Middle East and Asia.
The organization is continuing to aggregate more cases of abortion and has developed a method of gathering information that will help individuals or groups do some research on abortion.
People prefer to avoid conversations and beheading topics if it happens to be the most headline event if the 12 year-old died after being killed in southern Egypt in February, is where people speak.
Ghida Hussein, an Egyptian student, told Global Voices:
Since we are not talking about this, the problem is as if this is not the case at all.
The cut is carried out in silence behind closed doors.
It happens far from the educated people in the cities where activists and politicians stay.
The genital mutilation is controversial and if the international community provides financial support and mobilization, you will never see a dominant male community prioritize this.
Breaking taboo and speaking about inciting human rights defenders to insulting and hateful languages.
In Oman, feminist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Human Rights Institute Omani did a small survey in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of women have been incarcerated.
After publishing the results of his survey online, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of the online censorship and the reaction was huge.
I have been attacked by religious disciples who say that carnage is a part of Islamic worship.
In Omani, where genocide is not officially acknowledged, there is no protection for the victims.
Habiba added this in his statement:
How to tell her to talk about the cut and then face all of the consequences, including criticism, insulting even the family or the family in particular, can completely separate her, even her husband can divorce her – if there is no official support.
I am not expecting these women to stand up and speak up against society.
Breaking Free: Too slow, Too Lenient
In Yemen and the United Arab Emirates, mutilations are prohibited only at health institutions, but not at home.
In Mauritania, there is a legal barrier but not a direct ban.
In Iraq, mutilation is prohibited in the Kurdish religious province, but it is still legal in the central Iraq region.
There have been signs of not abolishing the cut.
In the years following the establishment of the Women's Rights Institute, Egypt has put a ban on genital mutilation in 2008.
Sudan, in a political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, has become the first country to ban settlements in April.
But enforcement of the law is a challenge because the cut is still at a high level and accepted too it has spread widely.
Although the law is not the most important weapon but it is not enough.
The countries need a nation-wide plan and strategy to implement including police, judiciary, healthcare providers, secretariat and education for the civil society.
A series of regional and dictatorial disasters authorities have delayed reforms blocking campaigns and exploitation resources and abuses of women's status.
Now all the world's attention has been focused on fighting COVID-19 and its impact on the economy and the many programs that are directly involved in the rights of women in critical situations and providing social services has been postponed or may not be a priority anymore.
With many poor families and many girls being expelled from school or married as a child, the genital mutilation is almost like taking a place in this region.
Photo by Abubakar Inyango Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Ibrahim Dadiyata, a prominent lecturer and critic of the Nigerian government, was kidnapped at his home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa neighborhood of Kaduna, Northwestern Nigeria.
A year after his kidnapping, Dadiyata is still missing.
Abubakar Ibrahim (Didiyata) was abducted from her home in Kaduna province, Nigeria.
Her appearances are yet to be known.
His family and friends are demanding answers to their questions which are: where is @hadiyata?
Abubakar is a lost victim of #GayDay #FreeDadiyata.
Dadiyata was a student at the Dutsinma University of People, in the province of Katsina.
As a member of the opposition People's Democratic Party (People's Democratic Party), Dadiyata regularly interacted with members of the ruling All Progressive Congress party on social media.
Read More: Fear speaks out against the kidnapping of a Nigerian government critic
All state government agencies and central government are not bothered by anything
Dadiyata was forcibly taken by the kidnappers at 3 a.m. when she arrived at her home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, Premium Times.
Dadiyata’s wife, Kadija in an interview with BBC news agency recalled that her husband was speaking to the phone while her car engine was still rumbling, when he was arrested by the kidnappers.
Though Kadija could not hear what was being said or who was speaking to her on the phone, she remembers her husband's kidnappers were following her and came home.
Dadiyata’s wife remained looking through the window of their room while her husband was taken away from the kidnappers.
Worst of all, there is no information about where Dadiyata is.
It hurts, but as their children keep asking their missing father, Kadija told the BBC.
Instead of looking for Dadiyata, Nigeria’s security institutions have continued to blame themselves for any kind of disappearance.
Nigeria’s Department of National Defence, until January continued to refuse to detain Dadiyata.
The Department of Defence says that because Dadiyata was taken home by armed men does not mean that they are members of the State Security Bureau.
The district attorney general of Kaduna also refused to find out where she is or what she is responsible for Dadiyata’s kidnapping.
In any case, the opposite is the small prospect of believing that since he was kidnapped in Kaduna province the province is involved, he said.
However, denying responsibility for the State Security and the state government of Kaduna does not allay the distress of Dadiyata’s wife and their two children nor does it restore her freedom.
Prayers for Dadiyata’s release are still being circulated on Twitter under the hashtag #OneYearBilaDadiyata, as a claim for her freedom from Nigerians.
Bulama Bukarti lamented the anguish this piracy has caused Dadiyata's family:
It is wondering how a Nigerian can disappear that way.
We must continue to do all we can to connect Dadiyata with his family.
There is no place for such piracy.
Those who kidnapped Dadiyata will pay for it.
If not now then it must be later.
The Twitter user was surprised when he heard an interview of Dadiyata’s wife:
I became frustrated by hearing Dadiyata’s wife interrogate @bbchausa, this morning.
The only thing he asks is for the kidnappers to forgive him and let him return to his family, his three younger children.
Akin Akíntártọ does not understand how Dadiyata can be missing without being trapped for a year:
One question I ask myself is how Dadiyata and her car went missing all year round in Nigeria; nor is the government worried about it, rather than being responsible for her because of her criticism?
Unfortunately, it is as if nobody is concerned with looking for such a critic:
Instead all state and federal institutions are fighting to evade blame for doing nothing, said Human Rights activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu in an interview with Vyral Africa:
In addition to saying that they do not know where he is, no one has shown an effort to tell us what they have done exactly to find him or how they should not be involved with him.
This shows you how useless we are as young citizens.
The least we can do is ask where is Dadiyata and why isn’t our government looking for him?
Students in Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed pirates raided a secondary school in Kaduna, Northwestern Nigeria on August 24 killing one person and kidnapping four students and the teacher online news sources, SaharaReporters.
Armed men arrived and attacked Damba- Kasaya Village in Chikun local government, Kaduna state at 2.45am on a motorcycle and was to have killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer, according to an online newspaper Premium Times report.
The armed men headed to Prince High School where they captured nurse Christianah Madugu and the four students, I favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His Happy Father, Isiaka Odoji, told Daily Trust, a Nigerian daily newspaper that the kidnappers are demanding 20 million Naira (US $53,000) money to release their children, but are never able to gather that much.
The abducted students were taking an exam to complete their primary school education.
Because of the Korona epidemic, students who finished school were allowed to go back to school.
The state and governments of Kaduna remain silent about the fate of the abducted students and their teacher.
A Traditional Day in Nigeria
Twitter user Ndi Kato said the incident is a national chilling:
Today in Kaduna province, children in final classes who were ordered to continue their studies have been kidnapped by armed men.
One person was to have been killed, a young man's life has been cut short, and others have left with them and we will never see them again.
This must disappoint any nation.
Yet it's still a regular day Nigeria laments Twitter user, Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been kidnapped in Kaduna, one of the boys' students have been killed during the incident.
The boy's life has been cut short, it should have shocked the nation, but NO, this is a regular day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for creating a public lack of compassion and anger towards this kidnapping of students:
kidnapped Kaduna boys will not get the sympathy Chibok girls received because they are first boys and then Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ ) is not the president.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was president, when 276 girls from a government school were abducted by militants in Boko Haram, from the northeastern town of Chiguan in April 2014.
This kidnapping sparked a worldwide process with the hashtag #ReturnOur Daughters by millions of people online.
Read More: Nigerians Celebrate the return of 82 Chibok girls at the hands of Boko Haram
Also on February 19, 2018, Boko Haram abducted 110 female students from a girls science and technical school in Dapchi, Yobe state, in northeastern Nigeria.
Read More: Boko Haram abducted female students in Nigeria suspected to be dead
The kidnapping of Damba- Kasaya students and their teacher is a recurring tragedy.
The only difference is that for now those who are involved in this horrific incident are not Boko Haram but armed pirates.
Kaduna Peoples' Violence
pirate violence erupted in northeastern Nigeria in the states of Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS, an independent humanitarian organization, confirmed that the violence has nothing to do with Boko Haram's rebellion in the northeast:
The pirate violence began as a conflict between livestock and farmers in 2011 and escalated between 2017 and 2018 including cattle theft, money grabbing, rape and murder.
As of March 2020, more than 210,000 people have become domestic refugees.
Rural communities have remained protected by pirates which between January and June this year have killed 1,126 people from Northern Nigeria.
Southern Kaduna villages are the most targeted with 366 people killed in the first half of 2020, said the International Organisation for Human Rights.
Chikun LGA, the home of the abducted students, has been subjected to attacks from militant groups that have been marred by kidnappings and deaths, and 45 communities left their homes where they were looted since 2019, according to a coalition report from South Kaduna.
The people of South Kaduna claim that the pirates are Fulani herdsmen who are plot to loot the land, supported by state and regional government actions.
But the governor of Kaduna state, Nasir El-Rufai, refused the piracy to be implicated in a plunder of land or inspired by religious ideology.
On August 22, the Kaduna State government ordered people to keep their home from 6:00 p.m. to 6:00 a.m., when in some areas it is considered part of a government strategy to end piracy.
However, the spokesperson of the South Kaduna People's Union, Lucas Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people don't go to their countryside, our people are hopeless.
Poetry Henry Swapon and Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This link is one of their images that have been shared widely on social networks.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for sharing their opinions on their Facebook pages.
The arrest has raised questions among the public on social media.
The arrest of poet Henry Swapon
On May 14, poet and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested in his home in Barishal, located in the southern Central Bank of Bangladesh.
Has been accused of violating Bangladesh’s Cyber-Security Act
A member of the small Christian community, he was initially convicted by his brothers Alfred and Jewel Satkat for hurting the religious sentiments of Muslims and Christians on social media.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Swapan was arrested under internet security law!
#FreeA Poem #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #FreeA opinion pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to Dhaka Tribune, Swapon posted a Facebook post criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, the Catholic Bishop of Barishal Archdiocese.
The bishop chose to hold a cultural event in one of the Catholics on 22 April 2019, only a day after the terrorist attacks in Sri Lanka.
Swapon imagined that the Bishop would postpone the festival by respecting the lives of hundreds of people who lost their lives in the attack.
Some Christians were angry in the language he used for the Bishop and others even used death threats to him.
Swapon has become a vocal online speaker condemning all forms of abuse and corruption in his hometown.
Netizen Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, initiative to attack activists accusing them of injuring religious sentiments has become commonplace to Muslim leaders.
Now we see even those of Christians who remain Christianity have begun to use this method.
I think who dislike this kind of criticism is a mentally ill.
Government should plan to provide treatment to these patients.
We strongly condemn the arrest of Poetry Henry Swapon and call for his immediate release without conditions.
Arrest of Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood
In the morning of May 15, police arrested Supreme Court lawyer and journalist Imtiaz Mahmud under Article 2017 which is currently outlawed, the Information, Communication and Technology Act where, a citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that Mahmood's publication on Facebook had hurt his beliefs and triggered crime in the South Eastern region of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Imtiaz Mahmood received bail in the first place when the case was presented but the Khagrachhari Court issued an arrest warrant against January 2018.
Mahmood contributed his opinion during the ethnic violence that happened after a Bengali motorcycle driver was killed in Khaghachhari, causing a group of Bengali people to set several houses and shops on the Rangamati area within Chittagong.
Local sources told the Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take any steps to stop this.
Hundreds of such charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when ICT Act changed the Internet Safety Act.
Bangladesh represses social media.
Police conducted a second arrest in two days under the Cyber-Security Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested for a case under the ICT Act on Wednesday morning.
#FreedomFor Self-Determination #ICTLawhttps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves mountains and people who live there.
They write about their rights.
I have never seen words of sedition in his writings.
There is something wrong There are big mistakes.
I hope that all the mistakes are corrected soon.
PS: I have seen so many Facebook posts with profanity and discrimination on them.
If the men were to be prosecuted today, would an arrest warrant be issued instantly?
Many netizens have denounced the two's arrest, calling for an annulment of the law.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
Absolutely shameful.
The Bangladesh government is unable to guarantee public safety but is trying to detain people under a repressive Satellite Security Act which is contrary to the spirit of the Bangladesh Constitution.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After poet Henry Swapon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (they were arrested).
Freedom of expression is restricted.
I want all bloody laws to be repealed.
I want freedom of speech.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be immediately released.
Despite indicating that the law would restrict free speech, the Bangladesh parliament passed the Internet Safety Act in September 2018.
This law replaced another repressive ICT law, which was also used as a tool to silence online critics.
This law criminalizes several online conversations ranging from gossip to obscene conversations with religious sentiments and values including heavy fines.
It also allows long-term prison terms for cybercrimes that lead to public violence and for collecting, sending and storing information and documents of critical government through digital services.
The Bangladesh Editors' Board stated that the law violates the provided constitutional freedom, press freedom and freedom of expression.
Read more: Bangladesh Freedom of Expression activists say one Digital Security law is to persecute
The law gives enormous powers to law enforcement agencies to initiate surveillance on any who are deemed harmless and vulnerable to their activities.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After Sudan's revolution, Sudan's transitional authorities have signed a peace agreement with The Sudan Revolutionary Front, a major rebel group that has remained active despite the ousting of its former leader Omar al-Bashir, last year.
The historic peace accord was signed on August 31, in Juba, South Sudan which is supported by regional and international organizations such as Croatia, the European Union, Egypt and some Gulf countries.
The issue is also in the face of a historic flooding season which has affected some parts of Sudan, bringing about an ongoing economic breakdown that had already fallen.
Yet Sudanese netizens still celebrated the news online.
Sudanese blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we are volunteers, coming back home.
A video showing a Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) by Minawi announcing a firearm on December 16, 2019, in support of the revolution.
mini Arko Minawi, the leader of SLMA, wrote:
mini Arko Minawi.
Yesterday’s signature will put Sudan in a new direction, both for parties and for the Sudanese people, organizations and social forces in partnership with friends and neighboring regions.
We must provide a solid platform for our country's new history.
Sudan's Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed the peace agreement saying:
I send the peace that we signed today in our Sudanese nation to our children born in exile and in camps, to a father and mother who desire their villages and towns waiting eagerly for the December revolution, the promise of return, the promise of justice and the promise of development and security.
These agreements guarantee self-rule for rebel groups in the territories they occupy under the control of the central government.
The agreement will ensure that one-third of the parliamentary seats are for people from the rebel areas to communicate their needs and concerns.
The protocol also guarantees justice and equality for those who were charged with the former administration mostly from non-Muslims or non-Arabs.
This is not the first peace accord in Sudan's history.
Some netizens said that peace agreements are a routine cycle in Sudan and may bring no peace or calm.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
An event that happens once every 5-9 years is not a historical process. It is simply a cycle.
The Peace Agreement of Abuja 2006
The Doha Peace Agreement 2011
A Peace Agreement for Juba 2020
We should have to wait before celebrating the event.
The Agreement Is Not Completed
Despite this exciting event, the two separatist groups have not already signed the petition. The SLMA group led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur and the Northern Sudanese Freedom Movement (SPLM-N), led by Abdelaziz al-Hilu, all given their unanswered questions about the administrative system of the coalition army and the identity of the country.
Three days after the signing of the peace agreement the Sudanese Prime Minister traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet al-Hilu to discuss the clash according to the Sudan Declaration
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to remove barriers during the peace talks carried out by the South Sudanese government.
The meeting resulted in the signing of a contract committed to the respect of a peace accord that was signed in Juba.
Sudanese social media was blocked by a circulation of a copy of the agreement written on English lugges, focusing on section 3 on religion and nationality issues:
A democratic nation must not be formed in Sudan.
For Sudan as a democratic nation where all human rights are respected, the constitution must be based on secularism and nationalism where human rights are respected.
Freedom of believing and worship and religious activities should be given to all Sudanese citizens.
The government should not put the religion of the state, no one who is discriminated against because of his religion.
Sudanese citizens are divided in two groups on this issue: the first group considers the separation of citizenship and religion to be fundamental for the fundamental principle of human rights; the second group considers the transitional government not authorized to make decisions on the issue without public permission through democratic elections.
After the meeting, the Prime Minister's Twitter page published a copy of the contract in Arabic where the content varied from the content of the original English version.
While the English version emphasized that it is impossible to separate religion from nation, the Arabic version suggests a discussion on this controversial issue.
The difference in these two copies has raised a number of questions as to the future of this agreement.
Historical Peace, Historical Flooding
While peace brings happiness to Sudan, the Nile continues to flood with unexpected human disasters.
According to a September 8 report, the National Security Council, due to the floods have killed 103 people, injured 50, livestock killings 5,482, homes 27,341 have been damaged and 42,210 houses have been damaged, government buildings and 189 private institutions have been damaged, shops and 359 warehouses have been damaged and 4,208 hectares of crop have been damaged and the flood has been damaged.
YouStorm shared a video on Twitter comparing the water supply of Nile on July 16 and August 16:
Flood in Nile River in Sudan on July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinel2 North Khartoum.
Created by #EO Broennen @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBFY9m
On September 3, the governor of this province, Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced the state of emergency on his Facebook page:
This night the water height of the Nile River has been increased due to a downpour that has broken the barriers and walls of security which is a small pond made of sacks filled with soil in Singa and in the neighbourhood of Umm Benin, and water has begun to flood the city and the residents.
We therefore give instructions to all government authorities and NGOs to come out to help the citizen rescue them as soon as possible and to provide them with shelter, food, and medical care.
The situation is quite bad:
In S stan province | Singa town, the situation is after a rain broke its barrier wall to allow water from the Nile River to enter the city.
Sudanese youth from Tuti Island built a wall to prevent the flood waters from entering their island.
It was a brave act, said Hassan Shaggag:
These are the ones that will build Sudan..and they are the ones that are running for power now.
Sudanese citizens lack basic necessities such as bread, gas, medicine and electricity – after cuts in power for six hours a day.
The decline of the Sudanese currency is now above 202 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, so far the transitional government has not yet managed the market.
Now more is the promise of peace, what is the government’s strategy for empowering public life?
Student leader Jutatip Sirikhan being white as a protest sign after his release.
Photo and caption from Prachatai
This article is from Prachatai, an independent news outlet in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a content-sharing agreement.
Thailand Student Union President Jutatip Sirikhan was arrested on his way to college on September 1, as he participated in a massive July 18 protest.
Jutatip was arrested in a car heading to the classroom at Thammasat University Tha Prachan campaign in Bangkok.
He went into business on his Facebook page on 07:50 p.m. on September 1, when dressed police stopped his taxi and showed him a arrest warrant.
Jutatip was taken to the police station in lSamranrat.
A local officer accompanied him on a different taxi to the platform because he didn't feel safe to ride the private car that the soldiers came to arrest him.
She continued to be a businessman on her Facebook page, reading from the news section Common Knowledge translated intoithailand by Thomas Paine.
He was taken to a Bangkok criminal court and bailed and released at 6.20pm, under the care of a lecturer from Thammasat University.
The court did not demand that he immediately paid 100,000 baht (approx. $3,190) for bail, but was given the condition that he was not required to repeat the charges on which he was charged, and the same condition was given to the individual who was arrested and released.
Jutatip is the 14th activist arrested for taking part in a massive July 18 protest.
15 other participants in the protest have received a call and to the Samranrat police station to rule on their charges on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with sedition, defying the Emergency Decree and the Interventional Disease Act, among other charges.
Jutatip came out in front of the criminal court after his release and held a brief press conference.
The color can be cleansed, but we can'tclean oppression
I didn't plan to run from before.
I knew that I had a arrest warrant
and I have been waiting for long arrest, but it didn't happen until today.
Every time someone is arrested, there must be some bad words that we have not protested peacefully.
I am a student and I have been harassed by the military for months, for years.
Why is there no ransom for me?
Why the ransom for only the police who are dictators?
There should be a call first, but what happened is that the police came with me with a written arrest warrant.
It is the highest form of mistreatment for a student.
They found me by following my phone contacts from where I live.
They have threatened my home, my family and sent an arrest warrant so now we have to stop our protests.
Everything is constitutional.
We pay our taxes, we should be protected from government harassment.
So today, I expressed myself asserting that we could do this.
We must stand for our rights and freedoms.
Shedding color is also a thing that can be done.
Then Jutatip poured a white bucket on his body, raised his hand and extended his three-finger salute.
He said that white represents sanctity and justice, and they demand a fair restoration.
We demonstrate that this is justice, this is a sort of example that we can do.
Even if it's a stain of paint at the moment, it's a way of showing that we can paint ourselves at any time.
We can spill those colours who have the power because they will criminalize us and shoot us at any time of concern, because they have the power.
Rain can be refined but violence cannot be refined.
After that, Jutatip thanked the lecturer who bailed him out with people who came to support him and help the crowd clean up the paint that was spread on foot in front of the court.
We will not stop fighting until we win everything, including the kingdom's reform and the new constitution, he said Jutatip.
Screenshot from the YouTube video, by Video Volunteers.
The post was written by Grace Jolliffe and originally was aired on Video Volunteers, an international network that won the awards and headquarters in India.
An edited version is published below as part of a content sharing agreement.
As India passes through a seven-term general elections split from 11 April to 19 May 2019, to elect its seventh Parliament (Lok Sabha), some Indian voters have taken unusual responsibility for boycotting the election activities.
Read More: All you want to know about the Indian general elections 2019,
In Goa, a southern Indian state, residents of a small village in the suburb of Cancona (province), the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 in the third term of the general elections alleging that the government has been the problem in their village.
Their main concerns are that the basic needs and services such as good roads and clean and safe water services have never been granted by the government.
Video of social commentator Devidas Gaonkar, a native of the Goa herdsman Velip, shows the protest of the villagers:
In the video, Panduara Gaonkar, a resident of Marli village, said that:
From Tirwal to Marlem, only three kilometres away but not complete.
To date no action has been taken by the authorities.
They are simply making false promises without full implementation.
And for that reason, we have not voted.
The residents of Marlem village have been living there for over 20 years now.
In 1968, the Forest Department declared Marlem Village a safe haven for wildlife.
This makes the construction of roads or any development work in this area difficult to implement.
According to reports, the plans to pass an electric crossing agreement in order to reach the region have been passed but were recently blocked because of objections from the National Forestry Department
Another source of concern for local residents is the lack of proper roads.
One has to travel from the highway some 2.8 kilometers away on a bad and not thoroughly cleaned road so that he can find the first house in the village of Marlem.
Finally, supply of electricity and safe water to villagers has remained a challenge to them.
Although they keep their complaints public, but they have failed to get answers to their needs, both the residents of Marlem and the residents of two other villages refused to vote to draw the authorities' attention to their complaints.
The staff from the electoral commission came to talk to us about our decision not to vote and our position is right there, added Pandiranje.
Isidore Fernandes, an opposition leader from the Indian National Congress and a member of parliament in Cancona, also met with the residents of the area.
After hearing their grievances, he assured them that he would help to deal with the grievance.
It is important for any government to provide roads, electricity and water for the people.
So far all officials have neglected to provide these services in Marlem village, the Fernandes said.
The boycotting of the elections has now been a form of strike, although voting is unnecessary in the Indian country.
Different in the village of Goa, villages in Central Madhya Pradesh, Western Maharashtra state, and Eastern Miami have been using this tactic to bring their important concerns to the leaders of the authorities.
However, none of these strikes have been met with action from the government.
Many voters became accustomed to using this tactic as an indication of outrage at politicians and government officials who turned to the slum community during the election season in the hope of getting their vote, failing to live up to their post-election promises.
But finally, if the boycott does not change the society, what will the community members do to draw the ears of the authorities who are supposed to hear their voices and take implementing measures?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photo: caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while covering a military conflict in the northern Mozambican region, were released without charge on April 23, 2018.
Amade, who has been contributing to diverse news sources including Zitamar News and A Carta, was arrested on January 5 while giving an interview to local refugees from the Macomia district in the northern state of Cabo Delgado.
Germano, a journalist for the Nacedje community radio station, disappeared on February 6 and was found detained on February 18, 2012.
According to a report from the African Press Alliance (MISA), Amade and Germano were charged with spreading word of defamation against some of the leaders of the National Army of Mozambique on their Facebook pages where they announced the beginning of the clashes in Macomia district villages.
The journalists were released from the Mieze prison in Pemba, the capital city of Cabo Delgado, and are on trial while awaiting trial at a Magistrate's Court in Cabo Delgado.
A trial is scheduled for the first time on May 17.
Since 2017, groups of armed individuals such as knives have been attacking Cabo Delgado village, burning houses and slaughtering residents.
More than 90 people have been killed since the beginning of the attacks according to police reports.
To date no group has publicly conceded responsibility for the attacks.
In December 2018, the newspaper A Carta de Moçambique confirmed a Facebook page, with a fake name that seems to be in favor of the attacks by armed groups in Cabo Delgado
It is unclear whether charges against Amade na Germano are connected to the same page.
The team's defence team says there's no connection with the page or any other criminal activities on Facebook.
The charges against these journalists are highly controversial.
After Amade was arrested, the police put her under the protection of the Civilian Army.
He was put in a military prison where he spent 12 days without any communication and then transferred to a civilian prison.
The reporters were charged only when it came to April 16, as a violation of the 90 day period, in violation of the Mozambican detention law, and in the Abubacar case.
In the trial period, all journalists were accused of leaking state secrets on social media and inciting communities through digital means.
This is in conflict with the initial charges filed against them, where MISA interpreted it as spreading a message of defamation against some of the leaders of the national army of Mozambique on a Facebook page that highlighted the attacks on people in the villages of the Macomia district.
During his 106 days in prison, Abubacar suffered hunger and medical deprivation, according to Amnesty International.
His family told @Verdade newspaper that they were banned from visiting Abubacar throughout his detention.
What happened to these journalists is part of a continued violence against media workers in northern Mozambique.
Independent investigative journalist Estácio Valoi was arrested in December 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for legal reasons.
He was later released without charges, but his equipment remained in the hands of the army.
The Call for Justice
Cídia Chissungo, an activist and campaigner for #AmedeAwekweFree, celebrated the news saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GevinanoAdriano are finally FREE after being detained for 4 months.
We really celebrate but will never forget how everything started.
We have said since: Journalism is not a crime.
Thanks for supporting us in
Angela Quintal, manager of the African Zone Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), said:
Now it is time to ensure that the charges are dropped away and #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalistic work without the fear of being arrested.
The fact is he has endured 106 days without trial before the bail, not public decency.
They deserve to be charged!
Image of Iranian Revolution leader Imamu Khomeini on a wall of a building in Sansaan, in the Iranian capital Kurdistan sub-county is seen through a window.
Image byaraan Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman has described them as the model of people who love to share their homeland culture with people from other communities.
The idea was created within the Global Voices system and describes the huge work and impact of social culture.
As our work aims to divide between foreign perspectives on Iran and virtual ones within the country itself, Global Voices Iran has started a series of interviews with an Iranian writer and writers who will do so.
This interview will be held to understand how and how these men who did their work through sharing to the outside Iranian community about Iran and the complexity and ambiguity of expressing it.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think Iranian social media usage and its benefits are increasing
Golnaz Esfandiari is a senior broadcaster for Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists who have focused outside of Iran writing in English about the troubles and challenges of Iranian society and politics.
Photo used with permission of Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, an English-language media engineering bridge
In an interview with Global Voices, she said:
I think Iranian social media usage has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Officials also admit that and I also see many people inside the country taking to social media.
I think that since 2009, social media use has gone to a significant level.
Some Iranians have told me they have joined Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Iranian Twitter Revolution.
Social media is supporting conversations and sharing content that is prohibited or as shameful as it is and people are talking openly.
Also, people often criticize the government's policies and views on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Nikwejad: You need to be a journalist, a psychologist, a professor and a psychiatrist at the same time
Iran's media investor Kelly Golnoush Nikwejad, is the founder of Tehran Institute, a media source that supports The Guardian and writes about Iran and the Iranian diaspora.
It is one of the leading sources that give a different take on the country in political, cultural and social issues.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Nikwejad, used with permission.
Read more: How the Tehran Institute of Kelly Golnoush Nikwejad bridges Iran with the West.
In the dark side of Iranian non-Iran's approach to Iran, he stated:
When it comes to Iran, I always find myself backward until 1979 and then describe the changes that took place decade after decade to make sense of the present.
It is sometimes even harder for Iranians to understand what is happening in Iran themselves but not Iranians at the moment.
This shows how important it is to cover Iran with a hangout, putting it in a special direction the lives of ordinary people.
Reaching out to our country through academic reporting while only authorities do not matter as basic or as important to us as journalists.
That is why even the most sensitive followers of the news do not understand the basics of Iran.
It is true if they follow the reports from Tehran Institute then they will get a really different view.
Nina Ansary: I hope women will be at the forefront of any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is a author of the Yours of God: Untold About Women in Iran, the first book ever to write about the equal attitude of women in politics from the end of the 19th century until now.
The cover of the book The Yoweri of God
The book explains how women have built up Iran's current history and how they continue to do so, as they continue to work on upholding the principles of their rights and equality in communities that have been repressing them by nature.
Read more: Conversation With Iranian Women's Equality Author Nina Ansary on the Eve of Changes in the Country
Ansary said she had a positive view of Iran's tomorrow and the role of a woman in it:
and because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists didn’t get a clear answer: women were not allowed to be judges but now serve as spy judges.
Women were not allowed to read certain disciplines, but for years they have penetrated into disciplines that were dominated by more men, such as medical and engineering.
I am cautiously looking forward to the positive, but I hope women will be at the forefront of any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a black and white picture but Iran is not.
It's like a rainbow.
With over 800 posts on Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is The Guardian's first freelance journalist to write about Iran and one of the few Iranians to be employed by the major English-language news company.
Photo used with permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
Most of her reports are about human rights violations in Iran, but as she said in a phone interview, the major problem with Western media is that they see Iran as a black and white image but Iran is not.
Iran is like the Rainbow, color-coded
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing for Iran in The Guardian
In the face of difficulties writing for a country he's locked up with, Saeed explains:
As an Iranian I have my feelings for a country, but when I write the stories I try to stay a bit away from the bias.
But I am allowed to express my thoughts when I write the opposite story and I have been doing something like that.
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this led the then foreign minister to accuse me on Twitter of being used by Iranian authorities.
I have been attacked by some who have complained that I am being enslaved by Iranians and others who have compelled me to serve in the UK.
I believe this is a sign that I am carrying out my work properly.
Omid Memarian: turning your anger into a constructive act of non-responsibility is art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist living in New York.
Omid Memarian is an old most read journalist in Iran and now works in the US and has been covering Iran with users of all English and Persian languages.
Our interviews wanted to know the diversity in covering Iran with users of different languages and experiences as a domestic and foreign journalist of Iran.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his experience of writing and reporting to the Iranian community as follows:
There were and still people in Iran who believe to empower social communities, political forces and press freedom, the Islamic regime can slowly change from within.
On the other hand there are other forces fighting to prove this impossible one way is to make the environment so dangerous that nobody will dare to stay on doing what he is doing.
When I insisted on continuing to do what I was doing, writing encouraging me regarding the things I used to believe I was arrested and thrown in prison.
Hooman Majd: Iran is not unique: unique is that most people don't know much about Iran.
We are now at the helm of a U.S. foreign policy shift.
Several weeks ahead of the Obama administration, the United States is more likely to back off with its long-standing ambiguous deal with its long-standing Islamic enemy, Iran.
In the wake of Donald Trump's presidency that seems to be unique in a very difficult shadowns and atrocities, I think it's time to sit down with journalists and writers Hooman Majd.
His books, articles and publications explain the Iranian puzzle that has been broadcast by the American mainstream media during the Bush period, when the Iranian government atrocities became a major figure in the early 2000s in Iran's foreign policy and media's attitude toward Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as Iran's voice to the West.
Majd photo by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: A conversation with Hooman Majd, the bridge between Iranian and American media.
If the wrong attitude toward Iran brings a lesson from his book in 2008 aimed at opposing the wrong attitude toward Iranian society toward American readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first public media outlet, the first source of negative news.
But both American and European Iranians have written a lot about their culture in recent times, and there are also a lot of trips between Iran and America between American and ethnic Iranians.
They now understand a bit better and there are a lot of books.
Iran is not an isolated riddle: but what is unique is that most people know very little about Iran.
Protests in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon. | Photo: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NINJA/ Used with permission
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians took to the streets in all 26 states marching against the Bolsonaro government to cut the education funds that will affect hundreds of schools and universities.
In late April, the Brazilian government announced cutting 30 percent of what is considered a budget that was spent on water, electricity, general operations and research.
While you think of a total government budget for higher education, the figure could be as high as three or 5 percent.
However, the government has canceled the scholarships for the 3,500 higher education students supported by the government.
From the Paulista Avenue of São Paulo, the intersection center for the traditional demonstrations to the natural fields of Alto Rio Negro, close to the Colombian border, people went out in defense of public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of 5,000 people marched with umbrellas under heavy rain.
Aerial view of a massive crowd demonstrators in São Paulo's Paulista Avenue protesting against the return of education and scientific research funds. #15M #Tsunamida Educaciónção #NaRuaPela Educaciónção #MarchaPelaCiência pic.twitter.com/BmHEYBuF9F
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploadsورات/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-15-at-21.00.30.mp4
Brazil has 69 public universities and a large number of government universities offering free undergraduate and postgraduate degrees and certain social services such as law consulting offices and hospitals.
Initially, the receipts were to be made at three universities but later on they were continued at all other universities.
Bolsonaro's minister of education Abraham Weintraub said that it is not income but rather expenditure.
Weintraub explained that there is a income because public schools are like part of the destruction.
Asked by reporters to cite examples of the destructionWhen he mentioned the presence of mass social gatherings in the academy as well as the presence of nude celebrations.
Weintraub was appointed a minister in April after his predecessor was removed because he was involved in some of the conflicts.
The new minister has consistently been commenting on right-wing policies such as that drugs were identified in Brazil as a communist strategy, and is seeking to eradicate Marxism from the College.
Some university heads of state have suggested that the bills would prevent their doors from opening early in the second term of 2019, following a similar crackdown.
The prosecutor's office has sent a statement to the Attorney General complaining that it violates the Brazilian constitution.
Rio de Janeiro looks VERY GOOD!
Hundreds and thousands hold Avenida Presidente Vargas at night. as it enters against the budget cuts for education and science. #15M #TodosPela Educaciónção #Tsunamida Educaciónção #NaRuaPela Educaciónção pic.twitter.com/8MIn91crKX
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who are researching WhatsApp groups in Brazil have found the app to have a lot of conversations after a budget cut was announced.
Research has created an application that will monitor WhatsApp groups widely and will be used widely by an organization that is involved in the excavation of facts in Brazil.
Leading researcher Fabr Benevuto on May 8 on his Facebook page said :
[Photograph includes] colorless photos/publishments/events painted because of the headlines and themes.
There are photos of people naked at the festivities (who don't even look at them) and a few jokes by protesters that say it takes 12 years for students to graduate because they have a full-time drug addiction.
This is clearly a planned purpose.
In the same way as the electoral campaign.
Who sponsors this fake news agency?
An article on Ciência na Rua (Street Science in Portuguese) site claims that public colleges produce 95 percent of Brazil's scientific research.
A study by a company based in the US Clarivate Analytics in 2018 revealed that 15 of the 20 best research producers are part of a government network.
On protest day, Minister Weintraub was called to explain the budget cuts in Congress' lower house.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of love and courage #TsunamiDaEducacao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro later came to be in Texas in the US where he met with former US President George W. Bush.
Asked about the protest the president said:
It is normal then, most of the people there are just headless.
If they ask 7th 8, they don't know.
If you ever ask them about the shape of the water they would not know, they would know nothing.
They are ignorant and stupid of profit and they have been exploited by the few manipulative people who are taking the lead in a number of Brazilian public schools.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime has suffered a double burden while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Screenshot from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime on YouTube.
In Uganda, female digital journalists who report, comment and get their stories face attacks and abuses because they investigate and publish critical political content.
Online violence has become a new method of censorship.
Women journalists are carrying a double the burden of sexual abuse online as well as other threats to political reporting.
This ongoing threat has led female journalists to step down from public debates and let the profession of journalism be dominated by the male
Read More: The cost of being different in opinion: Uganda's social media puzzle
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Wazabanga via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who used to work on the Kenyan private Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, returned to Uganda for a cultural event.
While Biira was at home, Ugandan security forces clashed with the Rwenzururu Kingdom guards in western Uganda, and their presidential palace was set on fire.
The fire crackdown resulted in the death of 62 people, including 16 policemen.
Biira wrote about her feelings for the coup attempt by posting her comments on Facebook on November 27:
It is pathetic what I witnessed today with my own eyes as part of the Kingdom Hall in I from, the Kingdom of Rwenzururu, burns to the ground.
I felt like I was watching an inheritance destroyed in front of my eyes.
On the same day, Biira was arrested and accused of sharing complicated photos of the violent clashes between security forces and the royal guards of Rwenzururu for a WhatsApp group that has multiple members, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPIJ).
He also posted an Instagram video of the kingdom burning and wrote his story on Facebook, CPJ reports said.
Ugandan security forces were allegedly compelling Ms to delete publications on social media and her digital hardware confiscated, according to a Freedom House 2018 report.
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism for filming a military attack on the kingdom's office for a death sentence under the Anti-Terrorism Proclamation if found guilty.
However, one day later, he was released on bail.
Biira's case raised vocal criticism on social media, using slogans such as #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The netizen accused Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni of silencing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni should stop silencing journalists.
It is a serious human rights violation in our continent.
Biira's lawyer, Nicholas Opiyo, published a tweet showing the official charges against Biira:
Joyan's copy of the bail on trial for terrorism ( laughing!)
#journalism (journalism) is not a crime @KTrašenya @KTrašenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that the Biura case was dismissed in March 2017 after the regime had undergone investigations without evidence of court proceedings against him.
Like many other cases like these, one puts the burden on the soul but remains with a feeling of abuse, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also the executive director of Chapter Four Uganda, a human rights organization.
Opiyo added that staying in jail for several days and suffering the pain of being arrested is a feeling that never comes from someone.
Online targeting attacks
Women journalists who are faced with online bullying rarely have access to their rights, and they often have difficult times to make sure their complaints are taken seriously and examined appropriately.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitware, a Ugandan TV host, defended Stella Nyanzi, an academic activist who criticized the Museveni regime for not fulfilling campaign promises to distribute sodo to poor girls.
Leaders forced Uwitware to delete its Twitter and Facebook posts with opinions in support of Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and was abducted by strangers for approximately eight hours, according to a 2017 Uganda Human Rights Report.
His kidnappers allegedly questioned his relationship with Nyanzi, beat him badly and even cut his hair.
Read more: Is a woman's nudity a crappy word?
Women activist Stella Nyanzi continues her struggle in court
Uwitware was later found in a police station in Kampala.
However, the regime has offered no information until today about the investigation of his abduction.
Political journalists especially those who reflect on opposition parties' politics occasionally face even more direct threats than those who reflect on other issues.
But female journalists are worse off because the government believes they are weak and vulnerable more easily, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, Secretary for Media and Human Rights for the Uganda Journalist's Association (UJA), who spoke to Global Voices via WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to online sexual harassment, female journalists are afraid to step forward and say some of them end up suffering, Anthony said.
It happened to female journalists to suffer further psychological damage, violations of their privacy, disruptions of their identity, reductions in frequency, control, and waste of assets due to their work, according to a UNESCO study on freedom of expression in Africa published in 2018.
And, according to the 2018 Ugandan Media and Human Rights Network survey, 12 percent of female journalists have experienced abuse and abuse, including death threats and arrest.
Three-quarters of female journalists have been subjected to injustice at the hands of government officials such as police, district heads and other security officers.
Attacks and harassment
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has faced attacks and harassment while working as a female reporter.
Photo via Bahati Remmy's Paydesk Account, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan journalist currently working in the US, told Global Voices that she stopped working as a journalist in Uganda because she felt a loss of enthusiasm after she was covering the elections in 2016.
Ugandan police arrested Remmy while broadcasting a live NBS television coverage of the detention of the home of the main opposition leader Dr.Kizza Besigye in the town of Kasangati.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police reigned in a state of emergency to stop reporters from reporting on Besigye.
The police grabbed my breast in their car, stripped me naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also monitored and harassed by a Facebook police officer because the Ugandan government thought that he had collaborated with Besigye to pornography the country.
He told Global Voices that anonymous text messages were left at his door threatening to kidnap him in case he refused to confide in the way Besigye goes from his home.
After the arrest case of Remmy, the Uganda Media Network for Human Rights organized a referendum to review the situation on the subject.
They asked: The Ugandan police alleged that NBS TV reporter Bahati Remmy violated the legal order and also barred the police from carrying out their work to arrest him.
Do you agree?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a weak reason and a lie because of a video clip which shows how Bahati was arrested.
The police should stop pointing their problems to the journalists.
Davide Luburenwa wrote:
Anyone who tries to raise awareness about the state of affairs must be arrested.
A serious problem is coming to Uganda soon.
What upsets me is that any person who dares to declare anything other than the current regime is considered rebellious so the people of Uganda should revive.
Many female journalists in Uganda have left journalism, especially those criticizing the government for fear of being attacked and exploited by the regime.
They say the government and the security forces are calling our editors and asking them not to publish negative content.
These attacks are mostly not by women, who find it difficult to grasp the real depth of the problem.
Remmy dragged the Ugandan government to the Human Rights Commission of Uganda, but until today, nothing thought about his case.
The commission lacks the freedom to make decisions on the part of those filing a complaint against the government.
Seven of his members, including his chairman, are appointed by the president, with the approval of the National Assembly.
They are biased, Remmy said, adding: They have a lot of cases, and most of the cases they want to hear are government submitted.
Most of the threats to female online journalists are closely linked to online bullying.
Remmy believes that the rights, status and status of female journalists should be taken into account at all times as attacks against women repress the media industry in general.
As Uganda prepares to hold presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, the attacks and harassments of female journalists and governments need to be stopped because they affect access to information, freedom of expression and the democratic rights of Ugandan citizens.
Journalist freedom remains a child ignored in the country's system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post and its followers are part of a series called Identity Chart: A platform to control online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, Publications question identity hate speech or discrimination based on geographical or linguistic background, misinformation and harassment (particularly against female activists and journalists) that went viral in seven African countries: Algeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Sudan, Tunisia and Uganda.
The project is financed by the African Digital Rights Foundation of the Organisation for International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
The roots of wood tied to the 15th-century wall of Kilwa Island, Tanzania.
In 1981, the ruins of the powerful Swahili sultan on the island were declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
Editor's note: This personal post was written following Global Voices' Twitter campaign in Sub-Saharan Africa by a collaboration of Rising Voices project every week, a different language activist shared his views on digital rights and African languages overlap as part of the project, Matrick identity: Threats to suppress freedom of expression online in Africa.
According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), language and cultural differences are strategic for people around the world in an effort to strengthen social unity and solidarity.
This diversity of languages and cultures pressed the UNESCO Global Mother Language Day (IMLD) to be declared on the 21st of February of the year in November 1999.
To consolidate the IMLD, the United Nations declared the International Year of Indigenous Languages (IYIL 2019,), to address the global risk of indigenous languages being disappeared.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken worldwide, with 28 percent of them spoken in Africa alone.
Despite this, English has taken the lead online in the region.
Twenty years ago, 80 percent of the world's online content was based on English.
Currently, however, English-language content has been reduced to a rate of 51 to 55 percent.
The controversial issue, however, is: does this decline indicate that people are now more interested in their native languages than English, considering that only less than 15 percent of the world's population speaks English as their first language?
Swahili: The descent of the Seed?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), along with Kigerian, Portuguese, French, Spanish and Arabic.
Swahili is also the common language of the Eastern African Community (EAC) member states.
Rwanda, a member of the EAC, through its local parliament, passed the Swahili to become the official language in 2017 alongside Kinyarwanda, French and English.
Besides being used for the cause of the regime, Swahili will be included in the country's curriculum.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government approved the creation of the National Swahili Council.
Article 6 (2) of the Constitution of Uganda also determines that Swahili will be the second official language in Uganda and will be used as long as the Parliament can order it by law.
In 2018, South Africa, a country proud of 11 official languages, presented Swahili as a voluntary subject in its curriculum, starting in20.
In 2019, the South African Development Community (SADC) acknowledged Swahili as the fourth official language of the organisation.
limited Swahili presence online
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Besides being the most widely spoken African language, with 150 million people in East Africa, the lakeside, Southern Somalia, and other parts of southern Africa, Swahili's online presence is limited.
John Walubengo, a lecturer at the Multimedia University of Kenya, analyses in an article in Nation, a daily newspaper in Kenya, that the lack of language and culture on the internet is forming a low point of view of the world.
Walubengo explains that most indigenous cultures end up presenting their identity to their English-language practices.
This sad reality can be changed, however, if only natural communities fight for self-determination both online and offline, he says.
However, not all of it is disappointing.
There are several organizations that have volunteered on the frontline to develop and promote Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), an international multi-party organization that coordinates the DNS, IP addresses and open source numbers, created the IDNs (IDNs), which enables people to use regional names in original language and text. In fact, they are created from characters from different texts, such as Arabic, Chinese, or Cyrillic.
These characters are then duplicated by unicode and used as permitted by the IDN regions, a set of standards set out by the IAB, and its small corporate groups; the IETF Commission and the Network Research Commission (IRTF).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is a community of leaders in the region, run by ICANN, which organizes the online community for the next billion Internet users.
This will be achieved through a process known as Global Accreditation (UA), which ensures that software and networking operate all higher ranking domains (TLDs) and emails according to these regions in a consistent manner along with those in non-Latin text and those more than three characteristics.
UA serves netizens worldwide in their language of origin and in the name of regions that mark their culture.
Therefore, to expand a multilingual web.
ICANN Wiki
The non-profit organisation, a weekly community-provided wiki on the issue of ICANN and Internet Governance, has long collaborated with organizations, educational institutions and individuals in Kenya and Tanzania.
This has enabled East Africans to create, translate and add resources to the Week by their vision, language and perspective.
The Swahili initiative with which I as a writer have been actively engaged has healed the Storify gap with Internet Governance by incorporating containers that can be used to promote participation in targeted communities.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, an international community of volunteers who facilitate the translation and adoption of digital security guides and equipment such as TOR, Signal, OONI, and Psiphon.
These technologies focus on security, privacy, and anonymity by ensuring that indigenous language activists are safe and safe to access online information.
Localization Lab has translated over 60 devices into 180 different languages around the world,
Kondoa Community Network (KCN)
KCN is the first community to pilot TVWS’ television waves, a wireless technology that uses unused radio waves within 470 to 790 Muara meters to address the challenge of rural Internet connectivity in Tanzania.
KCN teaches villagers to create and host some of the natural content with its benefits and context.
Matogoro Jabhera, founder of KCN and assistant lecturer at Dodoma University, Tanzania, told Global Voices via Skype, that he believes natural content gives more people on the outside world to join the web because they can understand their original information in comparison to the current situation when many of them are in English.
Next billion users online
The world is hoping to connect the next billion Internet users and an estimated 17 million of these users are connected to the Internet using languages as their digital identity.
Therefore, the lack of original content may have dire consequences when it comes to digital inclusion.
Bayana, while affecting digital rights in particular, access to the internet, access to online expression, and the right to use their original language to create, share, and share information and knowledge through the internet.
It is therefore essential to establish criteria for developing ICT and service programs, as well as the use of indigenous languages, in order to ensure digital inclusion of all.
This move, driven by various initiatives such as the introduction of learning materials, and programs for reading and writing in rural ICTs, can trigger a digital revolution, thereby promoting digital rights and bridging the digital divide.
Ultimately, the process will speed up the protection, respect and development of all African languages and minority languages online as determined by the African Declaration of Internet and Independence Rights.
Mantic Identity Project is funded by African Digital Rights Foundation (CIPESA) and Co-operated in International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa.
TEDGlobal Internet room.
Creative Commons photo by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, through its sub-Saharan Africa authors in collaboration with Rising Voices will be campaigning on Twitter as part of a project called identity: A platform to monitor online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, from April 20 to May 22,20.
Read more: Matrick Identity': A new initiative to promote digital rights in Africa
As a continuation of Journalism to Freedom: Africa’s politics and digital rights, the five-week social media campaign will engage the public with a discussion organised by @GVSSAfrica involving five-language African activists, who will explore the balance of languages and digital rights.
The project is funded by African Digital Rights Foundation and the Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Global Voices is also one of the beneficiaries.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Bambara, Igbo, Hoangone, N-Auu, Swahili, Yor عرب, along with French and British.
They will also be able to share their personal experiences and knowledge from a linguistic perspective on challenges that threaten digital rights.
The chat will question how the threat of indifference will affect online content in African languages; the spread of poor information in African languages in various online languages and what is done by companies or social organizations in relation to this; the impact of lack of affordable internet in areas of larger African speakers; the importance and challenges of access to information in African digital languages.
They will also highlight the policy of corporations, and the ongoing challenges that have the potential to affect how citizens can express themselves freely in their language.
Meet the administrators of the debate on Twitter
This Twitter discussion will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda (in-Iguay/in-English) from South Africa, Adéṣínà Ghani Ayaydni (in-Yorيح散/in-English) from Nigeria, Kpénahi Traoré (in-French) from Burkina Faso, Roseblossom ozurumba (in-Igbos/in-English) from Nigeria and Bonface Witaba (in-Swahili/in-English) from Kenya.
Some of the participants participated in the online campaign @DigiAfricanLang to commemorate the International Year of Native Languages 2019.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a speaker of Khoe, who is a Quirinous culture or activist, is a writer who strives for the establishment of the Khoalangae language and kin |uu, the first two languages in South Africa.
Khoalangae is spoken in Namibia, it is read in schools, but South Africa, where it's raised, only 2,000 people speak, not the official language, it's not at school.
Kin |uu has only one speaker, not an official language, and at school, and is one that is at risk of disappearing.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used with permission.
April 27-May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but originated in Burkina Faso.
He is the senior editor of RFI mandenkan, a Bambara language newsroom at Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a great experience for Traoré to work in the Bambara language.
Before that, he thought that it would be impossible to do journalism in the Bambara language.
Samogo is Traoré's mother language, although she had it called Idiula in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
Wamali calling it Bambara, Guineans calling it Kimalinke, others calling it Mandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom Ozurumba (@blossomozurumba)
Blossom Ozurumba.
Photo used with permission.
Ozurumba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from Igbo to mean the good one.
Ozurumba is pleased with Igbo language and culture and is dedicated to making sure a few people learn to speak, write and read.
Ozurumba is the founder of an iconic Wikimedia group and occasionally might initiate conversations about the Wikimedia Foundation without pressure.
She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the peaceful and sensational way through the city.
May 11-15: выручали Yoòде (@yobamoodua)
Adéṣínà Ayẹni.
Photo used with permission
Adéṣínà Ayẹni, also known as выру Yoòaneen, is a storyteller and cultural activist who uses her work as a journalist to promote the preservation, distribution and preservation of, and dissemination of, the heritage of the Yoruban culture on and off the Internet.
As a ventriloquist, she’s produced a wide range of York WordPress ads from the Nigerian and TVC radio campaigns.
He is the founder of the Yobamoodua Cultural Heritage, a platform dedicated to the spread of Jordanian language and culture.
araan Yoòobre is also the linguistic manager of Global Voices' Yorùobre site.
She is a Jordanian language teacher at tribalingua.com where she teaches students from far across the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer translators and networkers, software creators, and mediators who work together to translate and privatise digital security tools and tools to avoid blocking or shutdowns.
2016: Yoòobre writes a book called: وتعyà Ara翻翻nваться (History for anatomy), a collection of drawings with anatomy names and the anatomy of humans and plants that perform an astonishing work across the body.
He is a research participant with the Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Image used with permission.
Witaba a writer, naturalist and activist, a trainer, researcher, and an advisor on web governance and policy issues.
He is the founder of the ICANN Wiki Swahili, a website with a vow to promote, translate, 10,000 online article and vocabulary to Swahili for 150 million Swahili speakers by 2020.
Also, Witaba runs a youth project aimed at building the capabilities of students, scholars, and individuals in the private sector and; in the government, through the technical courses on Internet governance.
Protesters calling for the removal of former president Robert Mugabe (currently elderly) from office on November 18, 2017.
Image by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes (Free Used).
Early the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabweans woke up to widespread news that the late Robert Mugabe, had been removed from power during a coup, and was detained at his residence, the State House, with his family.
Major General Sibusiso Moyo, currently Minister of Foreign Affairs, announced on state television that the president was safe under state protection and that the situation is at another level.
Immediately after the General Heart's announcement, Zimbabweans excitedly poured into social media, WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook, to get updates about the situation.
For the first time, new popularity of social media to provide access to information and encourage protests took root among Zimbabwean citizens, as protesters took to the streets and helped push for Mugabe’s removal.
The new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Miranjeagwa, regularly adopted the power of social media.
As former Secretary of State for National Security, M反agwa also recognized the importance and role of misinformation in Zimbabwe's political sphere.
In March 2018, in order to recognize and assume political power in front of him and in order to ensure victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections the following year, Mkatanagwa ordered a rallying youth of the ruling ZANU PF (Zimbabwe National Union-Patriotic Front) to go through social networks and online to tarnish and attack the opposition.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, his initiative has strengthened the conflict of misinformation and misinformation, leaving Zimbabwe with few reliable sources to find out what is happening during the transition and anti-government protests.
While the new government allegedly condemned the false news with information circulated on social media that they deemed a threat to the regime in power, it also misleaded the public about its treatment of anti-government protests.
The scandal for freedom of expression online
Zimbabwe has seen a rapid increase in Internet use on mobile phones and social media in the past few years.
The Internet penetration rate rose by 41.1 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 53.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while mobile phones spread by 43.8 percent from 58.8 percent to 102.7 percent during the same period.
That means that half of the population is now connected to the Internet, compared to only 11 percent in 2010.
However, misinformation and misinformation have also found a climate of prevailing for several reasons: massive division in media, government proposals to restrict social media, and poor forms of communication and poor education among Internet users.
During a protest against the government in January 2019, when state security forces seized and attacked hundreds of protesters, the news of the repression contradicted the government's claim of being false or denying its existence.
It blocked access to the internet to disrupt the flow of information and triggered widespread controversy.
Government officials and their supporters have also used methods to mislead the news about the protests and create suspicion in any shipwreck by branding them as fake news.
In Zimbabwe, citizens usually treat any information made by government ministers with accuracy.
For instance, Deputy Minister of Information Energy Mutodi came out to convince people that everything was fine and that the videos and photos of the soldiers patrolling the streets were made by a few hooligans.
Mutodi went on to mislead the nation when he claimed on state television that there was no internet shutdowns but just overcrowding.
In another suspected government-supported spoof, millions of people were blocked from social media during the January protest.
Others subscribed to air conditioning software as a collaboration known as virtual private network (VPN) to continue their reporting, yet information was circulated that a download of such software could lead to arrest, leaving them all worried and panicky.
In March 2019, while Human Rights Watch (HRW) tweeted a report condemning the violent use of the government to control the January 2019, government supporters used Twitter to smear and attack HRW.
One user tweeted that the organization was spreading blatant lies and called it a non-colonial organisation commissioned to put pressure on innocent countries to defend captivity in the United States.
Another cited the government's claims and complained that the violence was due to hooligans who were trying to foul the president.
And misconceptions about government policies and other public interest events have continued after the January protest.
Recently, members of the ruling Zanu PF party used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr. Peter Magombey, acting President of the Zimbabwe Hospital Medical Association (ZHDA).
He was abducted on September 14, 2019, following public strikes in the health sector.
ZANU PF’s Youth Secretary described Magombey as being stupid and legalistic.
Zanu PF Patriots said the accounts of the abduction were false.
Others circulated false allegations that doctors killed many patients as a result of the strike, including more than 500 people in a single hospital.
A speaker of Zimbabwe's history
Zimbabwe's media control has a roots in the 20th-century colonial policies, which were tarnished by force to execution before political authorities.
The Rhodhesia government headed by Ian Smith focused on propaganda and controlled the news as his best weapon, not only in support of the legitimacy of the government but also in spreading misinformation about the war.
The colonial government passed a number of laws to suppress or denounce Smith’s racial policies and implemented these laws violently targeting the liberation leaders.
Control of the press was a common phenomenon before independence in 1980, and this set the stage for the government's communication policies and media management over the years to come.
As prominent South African journalist and writer, the late Heidi Holland, wrote in his book, Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant:
So many people in Zanu PF party have lived in the brutality wrought in their everyday lives to be seen as normal.
The forest war, or the Second Chimurenga War, has never ended in Zimbabwe.
Today, Miranjeagwa is perpetuating this legacy, repressing voices of critics through poor online reporting and surfing techniques.
This post is part of a series of publications that investigates digital rights violations through tactics such as internet shutdowns and misinformation during major political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is financed by the Africa Digital Rights Fund for The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Protesters taking part in the Women’s Protest in June 2018 in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo Credit: Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the Internet has become a subject of confrontation when the government tries to suppress a growing voice of online dissent.
For years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to suppress the opposition and bring the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to power.
This includes blocking media sites, filtering SMS messages and shutting down social media platforms.
As Uganda's 202 Elections loom near, leaders of governments are expected to develop similar tactics.
imprisonment during elections 2016
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders were forced to shut down two times all social media platforms.
The first imprisonment was carried out on February 18, 2016, during the presidential election eve, and it affected social media platforms and mobile money transfer services.
The ban was four days in total.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and mobile money transfer services were again shut down.
The conviction lasted for a day and was one day before President Museveni was sworn in for his fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
The opposition to his leadership is growing strong: According to a referendum released in April 2019, the majority of Ugandans are against the 2017 decision to abolish the 75-year-old age limit for the presidential election, which would allow the 74 year-old president to vote again in 2021.
During all the prison incidents in 2016, the Ugandan government mentioned that the reason was national security to censor the Internet.
The disturbances were ordered by Uganda's security forces and the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), which oversees the sectors of communication, online publication, broadcasting (all radio and television), film industry, postal service, distribution of letters and packages.
On February 18, 2016, the MTN Uganda, a local telecommunications and internet service provider, released a statement on Twitter confirming that the UCC, had ordered the MTN to ban all social media and mobile money transfer services due to public security threats.
The order affected several other mobile operators, such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On the same day, President Museveni told reporters that he ordered the blocking of social media: Action must be taken for security to prevent too many people from going into misery, for a moment because others use the methods to lie, he said.
On March 17, in an official statement during the Supreme Court ruling in which Museveni's victory was contested, Godfrey Mutabazi, executive director of the UCC, explained that he received orders from Inspector General of Police, Kale Kayihura, to block social media sites and mobile money transfer services for security reasons.
These imprisonments infringed on the everyday rights and livelihoods of Ugandans who are online and social media enthusiasts to report, express their opinions and do their everyday business.
In the weeks leading up to the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the elections using the hashtags #UgandaDecides and # UGDebate16.
Ugandan levels of online civic participation were inspired by the first and most recently aired presidential debates, the first one taking place in January and the second one week later.
Despite the ban on social media, many Ugandans continued to post information about the elections using a private VPN address.
On election day, citizens were able to participate in the floodgates of delays in voting materials in remote stations, incidents of electoral fraud, and temporary election results on social media.
Human rights activists say that strategic closures during elections slow down communication, only when access to information and public speech is sorely needed.
The shutdown prevents people from talking about certain things that affect them, such as health, interacting with friends and sharing political opinions, Moses Owiny, executive officer of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, an independent platform for policy analysis operating in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, the imprisonment is meant to stop political opposition on the basis of the government's fear that public opinion can incite the public, a claim he believes is based on which to be based, but on which to be imagined.
Uganda's history of banning online forums and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to suspend access to Facebook and Twitter for 24 hours in order to shut down access to information sharing.
The order was issued during a fierce walk to work protest led by the opposition in response to rising prices of fuel and food.
The telecommunications authority said that security agents had requested the closing of social media accounts to prevent violence.
In 2011, the election was met with a text, bullet and people power filtering.
Ahead of the 2006 general elections, the UCC ordered ISPs to block access to the website Radio Katwe by publishing malicious and false information about the ruling National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the 2015 Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Ugandan authorities blocked access to ads for the radio station and the Daily Monitor website by publishing independent election results.
The forums were returned quickly but only after the electoral commission had announced the official results.
2022 Elections: the same tactics?
President Museveni in May 2013.
She has been in power since 1986.
Image: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [CC BY 2.0]. Since 2016, the regime has continued to arrest opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, famously known as Bobi Wine, an opposition singer and leader of People Power, and a member of parliament, has already announced his intention to run for presidency.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges for offending the president and if he is found guilty, he will not be allowed to speculate.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018, the regime targeted six opposition MPs including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before a short August 15 elections in Aaneen (northern Uganda).
Police and the army detained the group, along with 28 other individuals, on August 13, 2018, and treated them.
They were later released on bail.
On the same day, the police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, as they on the election and the clashes surrounding the election, including the brutal shooting of the Bobi Wine driver by the military.
Read more: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2022 elections loom nearer, the chances are that the Ugandan regime will continue to suppress dissent, including banning social media.
Indeed, since the 2016 elections, there has been no change in the legal system that allows the government to restrict the right to freedom of expression and access to information online.
According to 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Act gives the UCC further powers and works under Section 5 which allows telecommunications regulators to monitor, inspect, license, monitor, and regulate telecommunications services and to set standards, monitor, and implement data-related conformity.
On government request, the UCC used this section to order Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block access to social media and mobile money services during the 2016 elections.
The government continues to use these laws to regulate public debates and silence political opponents, especially during elections.
Owiny argues that the government has the ability to shut down the Internet whenever it seems there is a similar importance: when the security of the state and that of its citizens is interrupted, and when the security of the state is threatened, the security of the state and its recovery will be given first thought.
NGOs and human rights advocates have been preparing in Uganda so that summary shutdowns like those in 2016 will not occur again.
Several organisations issued a joint letter to the African Community and regional organizations asking to condemn the Ugandan government's decision to block access in internet during the 2016 elections.
Unwanted Witness Uganda took the Ugandan government, including ISPs and USC, to court in a case presented in September 2016.
The organization highlighted that the government-planned Internet shutdown violated the Ugandan right to free expression as enshrined in the provisions of Article 29 (1) of the 1995 Constitution.
However, the judge ruled that the prosecutor's side failed to prove any violation of the imprisonment, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Making sure of the cuts in Internet access in the upcoming elections will require more advocacy.
Owiny suggested the need for digital rights activists to increase the dialogue between the government and the private sector to submit the damaging effects of imprisonment because the private sector is feared by the government.
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to legislate the right to access to public information, known as Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The law promises to provide efficiency, simplicity, transparency and accountability that will enable the public to have easy access and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens.
Will the Government fulfill its responsibility to promote the right to access to information?
Will it fulfill its promises?
This post is part of a series of publications that investigates digital rights violations through tactics such as internet shutdowns and misinformation during major political events in seven African countries: Algeria, E Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is financed by the Africa Digital Rights Fund for The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from DCMA School training musical instruments at Old Customs Building, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019,
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of visitors to Zanzibar, the oldest city known for the archipelago's history, follow the sound of drone from the DCMA, a music school dedicated to the promotion and preservation of indigenous coastal music on the island and other coastal areas of the Indian Ocean.
Since 2002, the school has been promoting and preserving Zanzibar’s unique culture that combines Arabic, Indian and African cultures through music.
Seventy-seven years since the school's establishment, it is now clearly facing a financial mess threatening its imprisonment.
Close to 70 percent of the 80 students studying there are unable to pay tuition, which is about $13 per month, according to an official DCMA report.
Although the school has been receiving support from international donors and friends, it is currently facing a huge vacuum that may force it to pack up belongings and leave the historical Palace in Zanzibar, known as the Old Customs House.
Without immediately making it possible to continue, the DCMA students and teachers are concerned that the sounds commonly singled out from the compound and provide the islands with artistic entertainment can cease.
The school not only teaches and promots cultural and natural heritage through music, it is also hosted by a large group of young musicians who seek alternatives to leading their lives through art.
A DCMA student studying an instrument of indigenous taarab music.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We've started to deal with a financial crisis, says Alessia Lombardo, DCMA Managing Director, in the official DCMA video.
From now on to six months, we are not sure that we can be able to pay the teachers and employees.
Now, 19 hardworking teachers and a few other workers have been without pay for the past six months as the school is busy getting support from friends while at the same time trying to create a sustainable income system for the school's administration.
Although the islands are popular with tourists as a result of their beaches and mega-hotels, many Indigenous people suffer from intense unemployment even though figures released by the World Bank indicate that poverty on the island has dwindled slightly.
For more than 17 years, DCMA has worked tirelessly to promote and protect Zanzibar’s great heritage through music.
If it is the place of his birth to the taarab music legendary singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Ms. Binti.
Kidude, Zanzibar is a theater that emerged through the cultural hybrid and collaboration of the Pwani Swahili people over the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn traditional music such as the taarab, the dance and the dumbak, as well as other instruments such as the dance, the artes and the patriarchs, as guards and translators of tradition and tradition.
Neema Surri, a violinist at the DCMA school, has been learning how to play the instrument since she was 9 years old.
I know many young people who wish to learn music but cannot afford a low tax because of poverty and unemployment, Surri said in a DCMA video.
DCMA students exercise at the Old Customs Hall, their school, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After completing the DCMA workshops, the Astashahada and Stashahada courses, many of DCMA students go to work on international platforms as award-winning band and independent artists.
Burmese Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa with her hit band Siti and Yake Bendi, known for combining roots in mixing the sounds of traditional Arabic and contemporary rhythmic rhythm.
In collaboration with fellow bloggers, who also are former DCMA students, he released his first album, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, continuing to perform on Voice of wisdom, the biggest music concert in East Africa, in the same year.
Here’s the band’s Nielewe song and the video, showing Zanzibar’s impact on telling the story of a woman facing domestic abuse and music life dreams, like the story of Omar Juma’s personal life:
Read more: East African Women in the Music industry Chant Against Man domination
A history of cultural interaction and collaboration
More than 15,000 visitors have gone through the school building to enjoy commercial shows, workshops, and classrooms as well as meetings with DCMA musicians who represent the future of Zanzibar’s cultural and heritage, according to the DCMA.
flavored with India's, Arabic and African history, the school is delighted to be the fruit of different countries' traditions, including that they are connected to the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf.
Sultani of Omani, the famous king of the 17th and 19th centuries, immigrated his rule from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From the Town of Stone, the leaders of Omani operated the ocean trade, including cloth, gold, and cloth, depending on the wind driven vessels traveling between the banks of the Indian Ocean in India to Oman and East Africa.
Young people in Zanzibar are aware of the need to understand their future and whether their music today reflects a desire to bridge between the past and the modern.
Recently the DCMA students and their teachers started TaraJazz, a combination of traditional and modern Arabs.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play the violin instrument for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most wanted band on the island, captured by photographer Aline Co responsable:
The Switzerland Coast tells the story of a culture mix with DCMA that is developing this culture through musical collaboration.
Every year, the school organizes a project called Swahili Encounters, [Swahili Summit] that brings together stars from across Africa, the Middle East, Europe and North America with the DCMA students to produce a literal musical mass within a week's time.
At the end of the meeting, the newly-connected art teams are required to perform in Soundtrack, and usually these teams experience long-standing friendships across the linguistic and cultural boundaries, thereby proving that music is the language of the world.
DCMA hosts a commercial show every week to show the gifts of students and friends visiting the musicians, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
The DCMA School recognizes that music unites people regardless of their culture and also employs talented young people living in a society that lacks economic growth and unemployment prospects.
For the 1,800 students who passed through the DCMA training, this school is the only musical home they know, where they can learn and grow up as talented musicians and artists.
One visitor from Uhisipania, who recently visited the DCMA school, wrote on the podcast: Personally, meeting those musicians was the best time I had been on the island.
As the Zanzibar tourism sector is growing rapidly, the DCMA school believes that music plays a vital role in celebrating, preserving and promoting Swahili culture, their heritage and history.
Zanzibar is more than a beach and its luxurious hotels are a place filled with talents that spring up during the vast history of collection and historical combinations.
Editor's note: The author of this post volunteered at the DCMA School.
Sierra Leone: Health professionals getting ready to enter the Ebola treatment area.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
On August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on the progress of medical processes with a sample of medicines to treat Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Republic of Congo).
WHO said that the tested Ebola drugs showed positive results for the future of Ebola patients, and goes on to explain that two out of four have been tested have been more effective in treating Ebola.
Who is responsible for this Ebola treatment?
His Excellency Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director-General for the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, spent a large portion of his life in search of a cure for the Ebola virus.
While international media are reporting massively on the Ebola crisis's role in the death toll in Congo, news about the satan is being little covered by these media outlets.
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : that we shall no longer say that Ebola (EVD) is incurable.
Due to the fate of Muyembe-Tamfum, scientists experimented with four Ebola treatments: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN-EB3.
Medical respondents conducted by 499 respondents of the study showed that patients treated with REGN-EB3 or mAb114 had a higher incidence of recovery compared to those treated with two other drugs.
This study, carried out under the oversight of the institut National de Recherche Biomédrante (INRB), the Ministry of Health of Congo and three other health organizations: the International Association of Health Affairs (ALM), the International Medical Corps (IMC) and the Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
A Congolese citizen responsible for Ebola treatment
Muyembe-Tamfum has been conducting Ebola research since the initial report on the disease in Congo in 1976 when she was the first researcher to visit the region where Ebola was first.I spent four decades of my life searching for a cure for Ebola.So this is a success in my life- Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, the Director General of the National de Recherche Biomed Zimbabwe of the Democratic Republic of Congo, and colleagues found a new treat for Ebola that could cure the disease in three hours.I spent four decades of my life searching for a cure for Ebola in just this case.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, Director-General for the Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Democratic Republic of Congo and colleagues have discovered a new treatment for Ebola that can treat the symptoms within three hours.
A professor of biology at the Medical University of Kinshasa- Democratic Republic of Congo, has so far spent 40 years seeking a cure.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the implementation of the he worked with WHO in implementing diagnostic techniques after the first cases of Ebola were in the city of Kikwit, Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (sitting with a broadcaster) speaking during a social education exercise in Beni, North Kivu, the Democratic Republic of Congo, in September 2018.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this revelation, the victims of Ebola are now more likely to hopefully receive faster treatment and be sent to the hospitals for even more treatment.
At least 90 percent of the patients will be able to get to health centres to receive treatment and return adulthood, start believing in this drug and building faith in both their communities and the general public.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Causes of Ebola treatment being considered serious
The first Ebola cases are in 1976 near the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Centre for Disease Prevention and Prevention (CDC), since then the Ebola virus has been recurring from a natural cause (which until now is unknown) and leading people in Africa to get ill.
The Ebola outbreak since 1976.
Map from the Center for Trade in Arms
Between 2014 and 2016 it has been that over 28,600 people were infected with Ebola in West Africa.
According to the WHO 2015 report:
In 2014 Senegal had one cases of Ebola outbreak without any death being.
WHO announced that Nigeria's response to the Ebola virus is part of a major task in the fight against a rapidly spreading epidemic.
In January 2015, Mali was to have 8 Ebola cases and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was critical between March and June2016 in three countries: Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people fell ill with Ebola and 4,000 deaths; Liberia: close to 10,000 people fell ill with Ebola and 3,000 died. Guinée: 3,800 disease and 2,500.
The Global Epidemic of Ebola
The devastating Ebola outbreak in African countries generated panic and panic in 2015 when two Ebola cases died in the United States, one in Spain and one in Germany.
GabyFleur ned, a researcher at the Institute of Disaster Reflection in Berlin, Germany, other reports of Ebola cases in Spain, Germany, Britain, Italy and Switzerland.
At the time, the Ebola outbreak was taken as a death sentence for a lack of proper medical care.
As Apar mentioned earlier, the high speed of deaths from Ebola and/or, as well as /a> sometimes, spoof media coverage of Ebola caused panic worldwide.
These reports were also contributed in 2017 to a study that Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed More than 109,000 posts published in major media and blogs in the United States between July and November 2014, at the centre of an analysis on the Ebola virus.
They discovered three major outlets about the Ebola virus in mainstream media and blogs in the United States appeared on July 27, September 28, and October 15, 2014:
It was first on July 27 that doctors from the United States who work in Liberia were infected with Ebola.
On September 30, mass media coverage widely on Thomas Duncan's having Ebola in Texas as the first time the disease was in the United States.
On October 12, the news of an Ebola patient, a healthcare provider, went viral in the United States.
After the 12th of October, several other crises of the Ebola virus were consistently, leading to a blackout of the virus.
The US medialy has been busy reporting on the Ebola outbreak because of the recent outbreak in the country.
And thanks to the ease with which social media is accessible, the Ebola crisis has become a hot topic in European and American media.
However, what remains pending is to see if the information about an Ebola vaccine discovered by an African from the Democratic Republic of Congo that treats the African disease will share the same press coverage as in 2017.
Erick Kabendera training journalists in 2012, Dare s salaam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 undercover police arrested Erick Kabendera from her home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and placed him in detention.
Police say Kabendera has defied the arrest warrant for a check- up on his nationality if he is Tanzanian.
During the past week, police searched the kubandera house twice, cheated his passport, his other personal documents and interrogated his family.
By 5 August, authorities changed their argument, and Kabandera was charged with money laundering, avoiding a US$75,000 tax, and engaging in a criminal online service, according to a lawsuit issued by theCPJ.
Police say Kabendera committed this crime for the past four years since 2015.
For the charges facing Kabendera he could be sentenced to 15 years in prison and cannot obtain a bail.
Magufuli of Tanzania
They first captured a journalist, when they saw the noise ranging from a Tanzanian to a Tanzanian, he now gets charged with cybercrime and avoids paying taxes.
To meet Erick Kabendera, his crime is to be a journalist.
Media freedom has seriously decreased during this period of Tanzania Magufuli by CPJ.
Muthoka Mumo, a representative of the Institute to Protect Journalists (CPJ) in Sub-Saharan Africa, says:
It appears that throughout the past week authorities have been seeking to establish the reasons for his arrest, the independent journalist and critic.
They first claimed that Erick Kabendera's citizenship is inconsistent, this day adding a very different charge, which makes us wonder why they intend to arrest him.
As a journalist Kabendera has been criticizing the administration of President John Magufuli and regularly stands for press freedom.
He has to local and international media such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African about Tanzania's politics and how it divides people.
JJebra Kambole, who is Kabendera's lawyer says, Malamka also charged Kabendera with instigating remarks against the government through a post in The Economist, entitled John Magufuli's repression of press freedom in Tanzania. But these charges were later dropped.
News reached me soon: Journalist Erick Kabendera convicted of insulting statements against the government for an article published in The Economist, which says John Magufuli suppresses Tanzanian press freedom A comment from Zebra Kambole says that Mr. Kabendera has been denied bail.
Citizenship has been done as a silver tool
The kabendera family says this is not the first time the government has inquired about kabendera citizenship.
In 2013 the government filed similar charges against him but the case was cancelled later, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera in the meantime saw that authorities wanted to use the question of his citizenship as a silence.
Last year, too, The Citizen on several cases in which the government challenged the justice of a tool to silence criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, executive director of Twaweza, a civil society organization, who specializes in citizen voices, said authorities have deceived her passport and were banned from traveling during the investigation of her nationality.
Two weeks prior to the event, Twaweza we share the findings of a survey titled Telling the truth to the authorities?
A public opinion on Tanzania politics.
The Commission of Science and Technology (Costech) claimed that the study was unlicensed and threatened to take legal action but was later cancelled, according to the same article in The Citizen.
In recent years Tanzania has introduced many amendments to laws targeting bloggers and media, civil society organisations, art and culture organizations as well as academics and researchers, who are criticizing the government as an attempt to regulate audio content from Tanzania and undermine free speech and political rights.
Read more: Will Tanzanian Bloggers Pay or Borrow Blog Tax'?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, concerned citizens are online protesting for the release of Kabendera:
AFEX Africa calls the charges violent
It's nine days yet Tanzanian police are arresting journalist Erick Kabendera investigated @AFEXafrica say there is need for an end to the violence violence.
https://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019,
Kabendera, who has often been training and encouraging young journalists, has her former student posted this tweet:
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life, in less than 80 minutes.
She came as a trainer invited to come and teach us (the School of Journalism and Communication for the Public – @UniofDar).
But in spite of being with us for a while, I learned a lot from him.
He really inspired me
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks Kabendera's arrest and conviction are a warning sign for other citizens:
SIMTeteI Kabendera Kwasababu is a Tanzanian or Because It's a Journalist NAMTETEA Kwasababu I live in Tanzania where Erick lives.
If justice is not done to him today and I keep quiet, it may not be done to me as well tomorrow.
No One Is safe when Unrighteousness Rules
I and I are Ivan Golunov.
Flag raised by Meduza, used with permission
: This Russian-language explanation means a boiling point enough maybe a good way is to communicate how the number of Russians who have been touched and arrested by Ivan Golunov a popular investigative writer is growing.
He was arrested on June 6 in Moscow on alleged addiction to drugs.
Golunov was arrested and denied access to a lawyer which is contrary to Russian law.
His lawyer confirmed he has severe pain in prison.
After being taken to the hospital he was released and put in a special place on June 8.
The Russian military first displayed photos of a suspected drug laboratory that was struck on the Golunov floor but were later removed.
Also pro-Kremlin news agency in Russia today confirmed that the photographs were not taken on the Golunov Floors.
The charges filed against Golunov could lead to his receiving 10 to 20 years in prison.
36-year-old Golunov is working for Meduza, one of the few independent networking sites in the Russian language that remains in Russia.
Meduza was registered in neighboring Latvia, but has few offices and journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led the publication of an investigation of several corruption incidents involving high ranking leaders.
Since Golunov's arrest, Meduza has been publishing Golunov's articles under a creative commons license and has encouraged media and individuals to republish the news, which has been strongly supported by Global Voices.
One of the important stories he published was about the vice mayor Pyotr Biryukov's passing of projects for his family and how the project to make moscow an interesting city had a budget exceeding estimates.
The information he was dealing with before his arrest was about the monopoly on funeral services in Moscow.
Golunov's arrest has sparked runaway solidarity between journalists, activists and lawyers and even famous singers and celebrities outside Mscow and Saint Petersburg.
On June 10, three main newspapers agreed to publish front page versions supporting Golunov.
Newspapers were sold and set a new record.
In an exceptional case, pro-Kremlin media and Channel One, which has a lot of viewers, are calling for a fair investigation.
June 12 will be Russia’s day, with marches and public demonstrations permitted by local authorities.
Under Russian law, public demonstrations need a permit.
The people who support Golunov have announced that they will have their own march without obtaining official permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is looking to drop charges against the journalist before June 20.
On a day when President Vladimir Putin has fallen in recorded history in the country, he's been talking to the hotline during his annual public address, and he's received questions from citizens on mobile phones and social networks.
Kenyan author Binyavanga Wainaina at a Book Festival in Brooklyn, 2009.
Waina, 48 years old, died on Tuesday May 22 in Kenya’s capital Nairobi.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 and Wikimedia Commons.
It's just 24 hours since Binyavanga Wainaina a Kenyan writer disappeared in this world, but its presence and impact is prevailing worldwide.
Honestly, the gay open writer blamed the negotiations and challenged the government's provocation with a revolutionary journalism that would open the door to thousands of reporters wishing to change in writing and explaining what Africa is like.
Journalist, teacher and LGBTQ activist, 48-year-old Binyavanga Wainaina, died on Tuesday, May 22, Nairobi, Kenya, after a brief illness.
Today I have thought: What will your life be like when they do leave?
Binyavanga’s death made me think about what I was five or so years ago and what he was of us as a young man with a smiling affair and hunger for changes in our land and for us.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019,
For a few minutes, a friend, supporters and supporters of theinanina people flooded their social media accounts exchanging memories and thanks and discussing many of her most beautiful writings.
Waina is well-known for her provocative, how to write about Africa, published in a 2006 newspaper.
He is also known for his 2012 biography, One Day I'll write about this place, and Mother, I'm a queer, published in Chiranjeenga, and Africa is a Country published in 2014.
The post was extremely exciting on Twitter as people tried to show the truth and newspapers called Waina one of the 100 greatest influencers in the world
In their post on How to describe Africa,inaina called Western media and the aid of all the industries in Nairobi that are perpetuating inappropriate discrimination against the African continent with ridicule and sarcasm.
Never try to put a picture of a good African on the book cover or inside it unless that one has won the Nobel prize.
AK-47, beautiful mouths, open breasts: Use this.
If you'll have to include in Africa, make sure you get him from Masai or Zulu or Dogon.
His name was the sharp knife, writes Nigerian journalist Nwachukwu Egbunike.
A well-cited article or book by professionals, NGOs and aid workers has had an impact of greater awareness on Africa and are continually surrounding, shocking and angry.
On the outcome, writer Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the post has followed me since I was presented in 2008 by a Kenyan friend.
I am one of the people interviewed by Binyavanga: A development worker employed in Tanzania by a Danish NGO wrote about the outcome of the article.
That was while the development and industry aid were increasing its efficiency to gain momentum for the upcoming cost shift.
I had many reasons to feel shy, but I also had time to organize a change.
Binyavanga later explained in Bidoun magazine how this article has only occurred in a life and two effects: By exposing and describing the dangers on non-profit authors, musicians, conservatives, students and traveling journalists who read these instructions on how or not to write about Africa, begin to ask for his approval.
Waina was the son of a Kenyan father and a Ugandan mother, and continued to question the fraud being told about Africa in the 2012 documentary for her life which was one day I'll write about this place.
With all the information, it attracted readers from his 1970s childhood in Kenya and the student era in South Africa where he spent many years in exile.
The criticism praised the book as real and true, but Waina later admitted that she had forgotten the important aspects of her life's love.
Mama, I am gay, Wainaina was the first Kenyan of high profile and to be transparent by expressing herself on social media, raising opinions from the general community.
It seemed to be a disappeared face in the memory of his life.
Waina saw that she was gay and her mother was dying.
Her post immediately arrived as a campaign against the Global Voices Summit against homosexuality and anti-gay law was recommended in Uganda and later in Tanzania where homosexuality is criminal.
Read more: Tanzania's position on homosexuality to shut down the political agenda
However, unlike other exiled journalists, Wainaina returned home as Nanjala Nyabola describes to the BBC on Twitter, which she says was important:
For those of us who grew up with famous Kenyan journalists in exile, were imprisoned, poor or uncompromised or so rejected, he arrived home and that was very important.
He was a man of mystery but for this he is always thankful.
We need to speak our minds
While Binyavanga truly came to be loved by various international groups, at home he criticized and faced pressure to be undeserved on the ground.
Binyavanga demanded for a freedom of speech and expression.
Boldly in a community empowered by LGBTQ he stressed the overturning of the principles
In response to some rumors and reactions, this same year Waina wrote We have to tell our thoughts, in Yuotube with a message six-parts consistently carrying its thought on freedom and thought.
I want to live a life of freedom of thought, he explained in the first piece.
I am asking this generation of young parents to have young Africans reporting on themselves this simple act is an important political act everyone should have.
I have one to see a continent where all kinds of one's thoughts are not needed until they are allowed.
I'm an all-African, and I want to see this continent change.
Theina repeatedly expressed her enthusiasm for power through her writing, education, and leadership.
In 2002, after winning the Caine Best Award for her homegrown article, she used the funds to collaborate for Why?
A newspaper aiming to promote new voices and ideas emerging across the continent.
Why?
was temporarily published and web-based from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more: We work to prevent explosions': The word to be spoken in East Africa
While he ruthlessly shakes social contracts Kenya has come out as gay and later reveals to Twitter that he has HIV/AIDS worldwide in 2016 often brought pain, confrontation and it often came with backlash, struggle and pain.
Waina was a controversial man who fought back and forth with stress and often fought hard for being a celebrity gay was seen as a complex role in his society as a man.
She had fans but was faced with criticism from prominent author Shailja Patel, who accused Waina of being a toxic homophobic.
Twitter user Elleno anjangi recounts the shortcomings ofina's behaviour in a tweet:
I am not strong enough but I cry on Binya as my dear friend in my foreigners and defence.
I deeply regret that he hurt others.
I regret that he made a mistake as a human.
He would dislike us if we clean him up.
Journalist Bwesigye Mwsigire, the director of the Writivism Festival in Uganda, also expressed the confusion on Facebook:
Her standard of living was a problem.
Good and free from mistakes.
The people we hold for their work and ideas are people.
He is a human.
Are we ever ready to love them in their complexity?
At the moment, more has been said about her.
no need to repeat the said things.
People have reminded him of his pain.
This takes away the pain a person hears for his death.
There is only one Binyavanga.
He is creative at the moment.
Lets celebrate his life.
The talent of curiosity
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi tweeted after sending a message of praise forina on Facebook; hate and homosexual comment followed.
Waina was a curious talent to note:
I posted a note on Facebook about Binyavanga's death, #RIPBinyavanga had a bad and shameful comment I've never read.
Even the thieves who steal our taxes and kill people do not get the same hatred.
The truth is, Binya was an intelligent and curious talent and will continue to be read and remembered
Ugandan woman rights advocate and writer Rosebell Kagumire took a lesson from the industriousness of theina to speak:
Do not allow fear.
Do not be restrained by your.
Get rid of what it takes to be said.
Screenshot.
Live your truth and with your heart.
When you breathe your last breath will be the millions more meaningful words you have given to Binyavanga
Through his life and writing he committed others to imagine life as it could be otherwise, and his sudden passing inspired poetic musings:
One day I will write about your beautiful hair
One day I will write about your laughter
One day I will write about your innocence
One day I will write about your thinking ability
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I write thanks
Kenyan Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor, a journalist and writer for Dust, and indeed a friend of theina, concludes with his last lament:
Who told you to leave?
From your body at night without leaving a new account?
The face is bowed, the eyes are burning, he said, You have only 3 seconds to correct the grievances there.
Who told you to leave?
Going out of your body without leaving a new account?
To whom can a person go out in fear and tremble as a testimony?
Now she's one of the greatest celebrities, and you can join the planet Binya with a large memory of her work.
Front cover of de Angola's newspaper about Telstar's winning tendancy.
by Dércio Tsandzana, April 19 and with permission
Angolan President João Lourenço on 18 April followed the government's petition for a mobile phone operator in the country, saying that the winner of the petition Telstar did not meet the criteria required to perform the service.
The presidential decision may reveal a divided government in Angola.
Telstar was established in January 2018 with the first 200,000 capital (approximately US$600), with main stakeholders Manuel João Carneiro (90 percent) and businessman António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent), according to the Portuguese magazine Observador.
According to news Angolan Internet, Manuel João Carneiro's victory came from the incumbent president Eduardo dos Santos.
The newspaper Observador that 27 companies participated in the petition process that was opened by the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
According to the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed a provision that would put in place new regulations for the opening of the invitation to the procurement order.
After the results of the first petition were made public, many Angolans questioned the integrity of the process.
Others went as far as saying that Telstar's winner has never had a website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, a Facebook editor and show host:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was established on January 26, 2018, with the first capital of 200,000 for the Diário da República newspaper, with the general Manuel João Carneiro (90 percent) and António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent).
The main stakeholder is affiliated to Mundo Startel, a self-satisfaction firm, registered INACOM, a registered communications regulator with a license although it is outdated.
no website at all!
I DO NOT Believe IT WILL UNDERSTAND THAT THERE WERE OTHER EXCELLENCY
THIS COUNTRY IS A EY
Meanwhile, Joaquim Lunda, a journalist and regular broadcaster on social media, praised the president's action and I even realized that the minister involved ran away from the risk of being expelled for this failure:
Translation I'm thankful and commendable, the decision taken by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço, to cancel the government tender that the Angolan company Telstar awarded to be the licence for the fourth telecommunications operator in Angola.
there were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
One does not see the fact that the company that was founded in 2018 with a First 200 thousand capital, is awards a procurement award.
I am absolutely certain that the days of the Minister of Information and Technology are numbered.
After I lost to ANGOSAT 1, now and what we are witnessing today, I am concerned if Fear does anything.
Let's enjoy the game in silence!!
The Presidential verdict came after the same Minister who headed in 2017, the satellite project Angosat 1, is in trouble again.
Adriano Sapiñala, deputy of the main opposition party, saw the problem as an indication of conflict in government:
JLo [João Lourenço] should plan well for his team because yesterday the security minister was saying the time of the complaint was over and Telstar would go on with the next move because it was the winner of a swindle petition and today JLo is showing up and canceling a petition!
Is not communication good?
Now maybe a minister should take a (sack-up) position or JLo should drive him off because if he has deleted the provision it is because his process hasn't been good and in order not to affect anyone clean must be held accountable!!
Blanka Nagy speaking at a January 2019, protest.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovnok and translated for The Hungarian Non-Commercial Magazine, Atlatszo.
An edited copy is available here as part of her collaboration with Global Voices.
Supportive Hungarian media have launched new attacks against Blanka Nagy, a high school student who spoke badly against the government in several protests since the end of 2018.
Nagy is tolerating many criticisms against her and has also been sexually harassed and a news source has called her a prostitute.
He has already filed a lawsuit of defamation and won a case against three Lokàl, Ripost and Origo, who are supporters of the government, saying he was faltering at school.
However, after Nady won a case against Origo, the source attacked him again for publishing his school report.
Nady told them that he was considering prosecuting Origo again for their updates.
Blanka Nagy has become popular in Hungary last winter after speech at anti-government protests, in which she criticized well-known politicians, speaking in harsh language.
His harsh words were shared widely by social media users through his speech video.
Two months after the video made an impact on social networks, pro-government and scholars like Zsolt Bayer started a series of attacks on him.
They said that she was out of school and missed many days of schooling.
They also called a talentless man who wants to be famous and prostitute.
His advocate delivered a copy of his findings to the court and indicated that he was not accustomed to his studies, and those copies were also given to Origo's lawyers.
The outlet decided to publish reports from the outcome report and said that he was about to cancel his history lesson in the past term, and he is in bail as well.
When #TheMovementsFellowsHungary lies about younger protesting daughter Blanka Nagy, she accuses them of defamation and won.
They have been required to apologize and correct their statement but have refused and continue to offend him.
TV2 stations suspended media reports, citing court copies but did not say what the verdict is https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019,
My attorney and I are thinking of prosecuting a news source that published a copy of my results from school, Nagy told them about it in an interview.
He said that Origo had no right to publish his results.
He and his lawyers think that Origo was not even entitled to see the results when they presented them in court.
And their latest accusations are not true too, Nady said.
I do not criticize my subject of History, as opposed to what they have said.
I have a positive outcome my marks are more than 2 (which is equivalent to grade C).
What they say is false.
I would be ashamed if it were true because in my family there was a history teacher among my grandparents, who finished speaking.
I think all this insult towards me is something very strange but I don’t happen anymore.
It shows how I am somehow intimidating some of the ruling party’s highest authorities.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer's own attack on me and the pro-government media to spread false information against me, confirms that, he added.
Blanka tenía high school student: Fidesz throws a hose, squeeze, evil and tragedy.
This evil group of criminals, this minority government, that is filling their pockets for their silver life while you are suffering from poverty as retirees.
He said the truth.
THIS is Hungary.
Blasphemy and false reporting are the only weapons of the Hungarian government.
Some opposition authorities have responded by defaming the media.
According to the latest statistics gathered by Atlatszo, the main sources of propaganda have failed many cases, and were ordered by courts to correct 109 reports in 2018.
They don't put their thoughts on our heads and they shoot us #SOSNicaragua So reads a sign from a protester during a demonstration for political prisoners in Managua.
August, 2018.
Photo: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since the massive protest against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned the protest, detaining thousands without trial and banning both main sources and alternative media.
The attempts to complete the dialogue have failed, so far Nicaragua's fate remains a difficult question.
The protests started against a shift in social security policies which would raise income tax returns while cutting back interest.
The process was initially carried out by the authorities that opened the door to nationwide demonstrations calling for the resignation of President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice President Rosario Murillo.
The death toll from the protests is exacerbated and have been unreported since last year as sanctions to information and documentation have increased.
In December 2018 the government detained several NGOs that were closely following police violence and human rights violations including the Center for Human Rights in Nicaragua (Cenidh) and the Institute for the Advancement of Democracy (Iavar).
Also in December, two groups of the Inter-American Human Rights Commission (IACHR)Nicaragua Monitoring Program (MESENI) and Free Studies group were expelled from the country, leaving Nicaragua without an independent body of Human Rights Monitor and launching a new level of violence, according to Women's Rights activist and educator María Teresaokkón.
Read more: We Are The Victims to Help the Victims': Copying Human Rights violations in Nicaragua
The minimum estimate of the injuries, identified by the government in August 2018, has jumped to 197.
However, Amnesty International has limited the number of deaths to 322 until 18 September 2018, with most of the deaths being shot in the head, neck and chest.
Blogger Ana Siú wrote on Medium recently about her experience in the April 2018 protest.
I saw a college friend being attacked by a gang on Instagram Mubashara.
I heard him screaming and fighting to avoid injury Finally, a man who attacked him on a motorcycle left him but grabbed his phone.
She didn't know she was still looking trader.
And then he said, Let's go!
We have to carry these phones under check.
The event continued for 20 minutes.
He also spoke about the May 30 protest, the historic demonstration which was called for on the date Nicaragua celebrates Mother’s Day, where 15 people were killed.
That day we changed our minds about the protest.
Some of us at the march saw how they were killing young people.
It was the first time the police attacked a protest with live bullets.
I have never been so close to death.
When students self-immolated at universities in the capital Managua, farm workers blocked the roads in the countryside.
In June the Masaya protesters declared the East town an independent authority from the dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who set up self-defense barriers and responded to police attacks.
Protesters became more involved in violence and violence and by August 2018 had lost 22 police officers, according to government statistics.
In mid- 2018, the police started what they called operación limpieza (Operation to clean up) to destroy the barricades and prosecute suspects.
Reports have it that security forces did just that in partnership with militant groups.
Many students, peasant movement leaders, rights defenders and journalists were targeted in the dangerous campaign and many of them were charged.
And some health workers who attended the protests to the injured have been disturbed by what they did.
The Nicaraguan Medical Association has stated that at least 240 doctors were fired at public hospitals as a means of demolition.
Read more: Nicaraguan protesters and journalists face violent attacks on the streets and the networks.
In September the marches were illegal anymore, and all activities in the streets currently require a special authorization, where they are often rejected.
On February 27, 2019, the dialogue table was resumed between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la Justicia y la Demociranje (The Coalition for Justice and Democracy for Citizens), followed by the release of hundreds of people from prison.
Compared to the previous show talk, the meeting did not include the leaders of the farmers and students movement, because some are in prison, and some are in exile.
Not only the new president, a new beginning
As the crisis enters the second year of the country, victims and concerns for Nicaragua's future are carried out with the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which is released daily despite claims, photographs of the victims and cries on students in prison and their families.
Read more: Nicaraguan Diaspora activists carry the burden twice
A Nicaraguan news outlet Niú interviewed protesters who led the February's rally in neighbouring Costa Rica and described the difficulties of life in exile.
Alejandro Donaire, a student who said that he fled the country after taking part in a peaceful protest, told Niú how hard it is to feel a part of society and a normal life, after spending long hours living in hiding, running and protesting.
Madelaine Caracas, spokesperson for the student group known as Student Cooperation for Democracy, also shared Niú's thirst for a change in Nicaragua that would beyond Ortega's departure:
[We want] to eliminate dictatorships, gender repression, selfishness and other weaknesses that have infiltrated the country's political culture.
We hope more that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure because Ortega is not currently heard in the international and economic spaces and because all those who participated in the April protest have fully prepared for now.
The final vote for the dialogue between the Government and the opposition ended on April 3, with an agreement on two of the four topics discussed.
First the government has promised to release all political prisoners and second it will respect civilian freedom.
There were no consensus made on the rights of victims of election violence or the sacrifice for the 2021 elections.
The opposition group the Civil Union said the government has completely failed to respect the agreement.
Police have continue to disrupt peaceful protests on the ground.
As was the case on April 6, only 50 of the 600 political prisoners freed, held in detention in their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new threat of US sanctions, more than 600 prisoners were released to end their prison sentences in house arrest, yet according to the Civil Union, the group's only 18 members were on the list of political prisoners who hoped to be freed.
On the minds of individuals like activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of tomorrow in Nicaragua remains in prison today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for protests to mark the events of April 2018.
With restrictions from the authorities and a ban on authorities' approval of the march, there will also be a new repression from the police.