Official photo of President of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, President Muhammadu Buhari by Bayo Omoboriowo via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it is blocking Twitter in the country, several days after it deleted a dangerous tweet by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari claiming that the government will use force against the Igbo tribe.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message went viral on social media, reminding the pain of the civil war that has claimed the lives of more than a million people.
But the tweet prompted social media activism to stand up with Ugandan Nigerians.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari threatens to address Nigerians from the east part of the country in a language they understand, referring to the Nigerian civil war in 1967-870 against the separatist movement of the Biafra Republic, in southeastern Nigeria.
The tweet was written after a series of attacks against the government and security forces in the area, which is accused of having a militant group linked to Biafra Natives (IPOB), a movement of people seeking a part of Biafra to be isolated.
The group has denied responsibility for the attacks, according to Voice of America.
The majority of those showing lack of discipline today were little aware of the destruction and loss of lives that took place during the Nigerian Civil War, said Buhari's tweet that has now been canceled:
Image of Nigeria's President Buhari's threat tweet
Tweets that reacted to the remarks made by Buhari, apparently angry at the State House, headquarters in Abuja, about the direction of the attack on election officials.
I think we have given them enough platform.
They have said what they wanted, but now they want to ruin the country, he said, speaking of the people seeking secession:
Buhari speaks with his mouth
Buhari, a former general, was in the army during the Nigerian civil war.
The bloody war resulted in the death of more than a million Igbo and other Eastern region residents, according to Chima J. Korieh, a professor of African History at Marquette University in the United States.
For many Nigerians, the battle of separation in Biafra's province, as a whole, is considered an unfortunate incident to be forgotten, but for the Igbo people who struggled to separate, it remains a monument that changed the meaning of their lives, says Nigerian author Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
(Source: A writer is from the Igbo tribe.)
The Twitter policy on hate behavior prevents tweets that preach violence and intimidate people based on race, ethnicity, nationality.
Such tweets, like Buhari's, are deleted by the company or users themselves forced to delete unsolicited content.
Lai Mohammed, the Nigerian minister of news, described the ousting of the president's tweet by the social media company as a suspected incident:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnjagin
Threatening tweets still appearing online
An investigation by Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) community expert shows that Buhari's threat tweet still appears on accounts two days after it was deleted by Twitter, a suggestion to be quoted by other users:
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted Nigeria's president @MBuhari's tweet for breaking the law, the deleted tweet BADO SEEMS on many accounts online for being quoted!
By accessing various accounts through various devices, DigiAfricaLab saw more than 17,000 tweets quoted by users before the social network deleted the tweet from the accounts of @MBuhari and @NGRPresident, all of which were verified tweets used by President Buhari.
Furthermore, DigiAfricaLab was able to click and amplify President Buhari's retweet.
The deleted tweets can still be made available to Twitter users because the app used by Internet (api) depends on other Twitter tools that link to Twitter's data through URL.
Another reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of the New York Times, is that deleted tweets may still be available and thus appearing on the search results until the site is reshuffled with a new copy of the tweets on the main page of the account.
#IAmIgboToo response
President Buhari's threat tweet triggered a heated discussion from Nigerians tweeting, which took the hashtag #IAmIgboToo to express their sympathy.
Likewise, Nigerian Twitter users from different ethnic groups also used Igbo-language names to stand with the Igbo tribes.
An analysis carried out on 4th of June by Global Voices on Brand Mentions showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboToo was mentioned 508, used 319,200 times, has attracted 457,500, and shared 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
A screenshot of the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
Human rights activist Aisha Yesufu, using the name Ignorance Somtochukwu, means to join me in praising God while denouncing how President Buhaari intimidated the Igbo people saying the Igbo attack is an attack on me:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Yesufu.
Any threat to Igbo people is to intimidate me and me.
To attack the Igbo people is to attack me.
I condemn the 1967 threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
The rap artist and music producer Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed her enthusiasm for the country to continue in the face of hateful comments:
The explanation that Nigeria takes away the Igbo people is conservative and leaves the same consistent perspective
The activist #KomeshaSars Rinuola [Rinu) Oduala, using the name Kigbo Ochiaga, referring to the head of the military, proudly recalled the contribution of Ugandan women to Nigeria's history, referring to the Abba Women's Revolution in November 1929:
I remember the Abel Women’s Revolution in which at least 25,000 women protested against colonial violence.
I come from the same venue with women with a high profile, born of courage & tolerance over years of harassment and injustice.
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #MimiNiIgbo
Blossom Ozurumba, a Igbo translator for Global Voices noted that threats start with humiliation:
Dishonoring people's dignity makes it easier to alleviate the moral uncertainty about killing, discrimination or torture others because of ethnic identity.
If they don't look human, it's easy to justify acts of violence against them.
The degradation of dignity, according to Ozurumba, makes it easier to eliminate morally motivated acts of murder, discrimination, or torture based on ethnicity.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a heated debate erupted on Kenyan social media about comments made by three radio broadcasters during the morning Breakfast Show.
The broadcasters were discussing an ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was pushed outside a 12 story building by a man she was in a relationship with.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans angered broadcasters Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their comments on alleged sexual harassment, calling the broadcasters victims-blaming.
Shaffie insists that the woman was pushed out of the 12th floor of a building in Nairobi after she said no to the man because she left so much and became independent and put herself in such a situation.
What a hell!
The case divides netizens as some of them agree with the broadcasters.
Although the three were fired by the radio station, it revealed how Kenya's hostility has grown for women.
There are about 21.75 million Internet users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the country's population, according to a data survey carried out by DataReportal in 2021.
Nearly 11 million people are social media users, a 2.2 percent increase compared to 2002.
According to another report by the International Telecommunication System (GSMA), the number of mobile phone ownership is roughly equal for women and men with a higher rate of five percent for men who own or have access to media compared to women, in three Kenyan netizens one of them is female.
As a minority on the ground, women in Kenya are often targeted by cyberbullying.
And although in 2018, a law against cyberbullying was passed in the country that describes behavior like socialism in a way that could cause concern or fear of violence against them or destruction or loss of property for a sentence of up to 10 years in prison, the cyberbullying is still widespread.
Below are two other popular incidents that have occurred in the past 12 plagues in which social media has been used as a platform for women abuse in Kenya.
COVID 19 patient
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Chero胖 grew up the first COVID-19 case in Kenya.
After he recovered he came and described his journey when the world began to understand about this new virus.
But Chero chacun wasn't received as warmly as she expected.
After making an interview with the media in April 2020, he was confronted with online harassment and disturbance from Kenyan On Twitter (called as #KOT often used to describe active Twitter users in Kenya who engage in online debates) who sought to humiliate and question the truth about his story.
Other cyberbullies intercepted her personal life, and her personal conversations and photos were widely circulated online, possibly after being leaked by a friend or a close friend.
The hairstyle looks like Corona herself
Outraged by this, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe came out in defence of Brenda, calling for the arrest of the oppressors and calling them a shameful attempt to undermine the government's efforts to fight COVID-19.
Minister of Health Mutahi Kagwe telling police to criminalize social media users for oppressing Brenda
And that was not the end of it, another victim recently fell victim to the #KOT attack: TV broadcaster Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and supporting the minister's argument to convict cyberbullyers.
I totally disagree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your report is pointless.
It is vibrant and rising up to heaven.
Where was your voice when your fellow women stripped naked and shared his nude photos?
This is a poison
Okwara criticized harassers for targeting women.
He said that Brian Orinda, the COVID-19, was present when he gave his healing trip with Brenda, he did not get the same response.
This sparked the fingers of keyboarders who had their day on Twitter attacking Okwara.
Using a sex card full-time.
Women need to protect their dignity first.
Taking photos like this and participating in them is also immoral.
Such an insignificant madness from Okwara.
So poorly, you wonder if Corona ate the brain.
Male nude was online recently.
He is suddenly overlooked for choosing about it.
Early this year, the White House spokesman Kanze Dena was also affected by Kenyan sexual harassment.
When she grew up holding a press conference on the hafla, cyberbullies harassed her body for her weight.
Soon there was a debate on social media, and part of Kenyans and media houses in defence of Dena.
He is too fat, too long, too short!
Who set the standards for how women should look?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena has gained more weight?
Sure, she is a new mother, but, she's not owning anyone!
Give him a break please!
Here is a new ground we must deny
The Elephant, one of Kenya's biggest digital publications, noted that social media sectors in Kenya and the world have become the boundaries of poisonous and abusive speech.
There is no dispute that social media has become an important tool for social and professional development, mostly for women.
Many women have built their on the ground and, in the process, learned how to connect with others.
Many find subscribers to buy and sell their products on the market.
Others find platforms to empower comments, leading to hundreds of millions of social that not only promote economic growth but provide direct access to young men and women.
They have also learned how to improve their entrepreneurial skills on the ground.
Of course, social media has emerged as a good business opportunity.
This is important for economic rehabilitation and the publicity of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to engage in meaningful online discussions on topics that directly affect their lives, the internet should be a safer place than it is now.
The rainbow flag.
Photo by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Caribbean countries, one after the other, have been reforming their laws to reflect more equality for homosexuals by removing the colonial sections that were preventing transgender interference.
In 2016, it started in Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, although his move has not been interpreted in the transition of the law.
Three years after the court declared that the laws were unconstitutional, Trinadad and Tobago seem to be on their way to uphold the principles of the Equal Opportunity (EOA) Law related to homosexuality.
The objective of the law is to prevent certain forms of discrimination and promote equality of opportunities among people with different circumstances.
To that end, the Commission of Opportunities and the Court of Equal Opportunities were set up to address these issues but so far, they are unable to address issues of discrimination against homosexuality.
The existing laws deal with gender, race, tribe, ethnicity, religion, marital status, or disability in terms of employment, training, education etc.
The pressure to amend the current Law was raised after the Scotiabank Bank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will extend the scope of health care for the same-sex employees, as for the same-sex employees.
The announcement sparked heated discussions in the country and was also commended by the American Chamber of Commerce (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, chairman of the Commission on Equal Opportunity, quoted in a discussion by Trinidad and Tobago's Newsday newspaper saying:
It is a good move on the part of the private sector and especially the bank, which has a wide range of employees.
It is important for others to follow this step, including what the law enforces.
Public attorney-General Faris Al-Rawi said he was inspired by the Scotiabank Bank's move to protect people's rights and that the doors are open to do what is needed to alleviate the various forms of discrimination in the country.
Al-Rawi's stance seems to have changed according to his stance following the 2018 Supreme Court verdict; immediately after an unconstitutional decision was issued, the government announced his intention to appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made significant progress in eliminating various forms of discrimination, when it comes to discrimination against homosexuals in the country, the fear of suspects using religious arguments has not changed much.
Looking at citizens' reaction to the Scotiabank Bank's announcement on social media platforms like Facebook, the opposition was strong.
Meanwhile, homosexuals continue not only to deal with racism, but also to deal with atrocities, most of which end up in death.
In a recent incident, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the LGBT community in the area where he resides, sparked a strong online discussion about the complex conditions gay people face in terms of their safety and discrimination.
Many of these conversations have been conducted through Twitter Spaces, a platform for audio conversations that facilitates dialogue and safe education.
While Attorney-General Al Rawi has not given the time to make such amendments to the law, for homosexuals and their allies, the hope remains that the actions taken by private companies such as the Scotiabank Bank may soon be undertaken by the government, and ultimately bring about a society-shaped change.
Duval, a French engineer and founder of the Gaël Institute.
Photo used with permission.
For Internet companies and technology, the gathering of Internet users' data has become their main source of income.
However, this way of gaining income puts users at risk as it demonstrates itself in the frequent cases of exposure to commercial data, massive leaks and smuggling.
Is there a fair way to improve the privacy rights of Internet users?
Companies like Google and Apple have invested in gathering daily information on their subscribers, mainly through mobile phones, and a combination of various usage applications such as the calendar and the agenda.
Several uses have been monitoring the exact location of the individual, and on the other hand the use of health and sports issues focused on collecting customer data.
It is believed, these data are collected and analyzed to facilitate and give the user what he needs immediately.
The truth is, however, that Internet users and technological users are unaware that they are providing information free of charge.
Online privacy policy activists such as Austrian Max Schrems have expressed his feelings about the system of Internet companies and the use of technology to make ends meet through the data of their subscribers.
He highlights the risks of repeated abuses and violations of the privacy law.
One such incident is well documented in a Facebook scandal known as the Cambridge Analytica case where the Cambridge Analytica Consultative Institute collected personal data of 87 million Facebook users without their consent to help presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump in 2016.
Schrems says he alerted Facebook representatives to the incidents of Cambridge Analytica's data gathering, but he couldn't convince them to act:
Facebook unscrupulous representatives said that in their opinion, when you use your owners' platform you have allowed them to download their applications to collect user data.
However, why should you ask yourself about the right to privacy online when you have nothing to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden had the answer to this question in a 2015 Reddit discussion:
To think that you don't care about the right to privacy online because you have nothing to hide is to think that you don't care about the right to express yourself because you have nothing to say.
The real impact of use of information technology platforms
French computer engineer and data expert Gaël Duval has long engaged in the creation of computer applications including Mandrake’s Linux system (in the Android channel) that everyone has the right to improve and then be used by others.
Duval decided to create an operational system that helps provide reliable protection for mobile users' information: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke to her to explore the impact that information technology has on people’s lives, opportunities and consequences.
Here is his perspective on the development of this technology:
This is a philosophical question.
Personally I have mixed feelings especially about information technology since I am always very passionate about technology.
However, sometimes I feel tired, I remember those moments when, if you need to call, you are going to an isolated place.
Undoubtedly it was a very pleasant and slow life.
Young people may be surprised that, by the time I was five, there were no telephones and no TV at home.
I once imagined that I lived in a completely different world, and this is not the case at all.
On the other hand, it's interesting when we try to imagine what we can do with the availability of modern technology, such as contacting someone from a very different part of the world through high quality videos and witnessing gas-free electric cars filling our lungs with dangerous smoke.
For those who remember, withdrawing the pleasures and excitement of the years of analysis, we are now facing a high risk of support in information technology.
A study conducted in 2018 on children’s behavior problems and the passing habits of cell phones found that massive use of cell phones leads to several problems including ADD and Sonona.
A survey published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50% of the youth in the Los Angeles province said they couldn't stay without their cell phones.
The effects of recent use of these technologies were highlighted by reliable sources in a WhatsApp article in The Social Dilemma, which explains the testimonies of former employees from large-scale companies such as Google, Twitter and Facebook who explain how they were setting up an environment to influence users to build addictions for revenue.
Some governments have tried to counter this by enforcing legislation to raise awareness of users and increase accountability to the companies.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) passed the Mother Information Protection Act (GDPR).
The law enforced a number of regulations regarding data storage, including obtaining the user's undisputed consent to his or her data and asking the companies to delete it in three years without compulsion.
It also provides a huge compensation for those who will not comply with these regulations.
However, its implementation is met with a lack of practicality in the authorities, and this law applies only to EU member states.
A key to empowering users of information technology
As things are now, Duval was convinced to develop a tool that will enable people to take responsibility for protecting their own information, as he explains:
Our priority is that your information belongs to us, since our information belongs to us, and to those who think that it shouldn't be, they don't want freedom and peace, or own a commercialized business—as one's personal data can help sell the ads at a much higher price.
This is how the system he has created works:
/e/ is a digital app that doesn’t use any information like when searching, locating, and taking into account the privacy of the user.
The system does not censor the user's personal data in any way.
It also provides basic online services such as email, archive, calendar, to store all connections related to cell phones.
Duval says that, when it comes to personal data, Google and Apple have the same objectives that concern the Google commercial system, which depends on 8 to 12 billion per year to install Google searches on iPhones and iPads.
Duval added:
Using iPhone, the user sends an average of 6 MB of data to Google, per day.
It's double the amount sent by WhatsApp users.
Aside from that, Apple's external system has been closed, with a total lack of transparency.
Just have to trust them.
We, for our part, are allowing a change in privacy policy: all /e/OS systems and online security materials (the materials used in the creation of this system) are free.
The system can be questioned and audited by experts.
In the face of widespread use of mobile phones, it is clear that the only laws are not enough to build awareness and provide users with the right tools and skills to protect their data and here is where the importance of digital tools that help users become more accountable
Information and awareness are essential for HIV prevention-19.
A screenshot of health workers in Kenya educating the public about the HIV/VIKO virus-19.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire under CC BY 2.0
The beginning of the release of the 19th vaccine in Kenya has been marred by accusations of corruption, bias and corruption that have left many poor and elderly citizens waiting in long lines outside public hospitals at a time when Kenya is facing the third epidemic and death from HIV-19.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans are paying up to $100 to be named in advance, as stated on several Kenyan accounts online as well as the Kenyan and international media.
In early March, Kenya purchased more than 1 million doses of an Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine through 19 WHO program, which is managed by the World Health Organization through COVAX.
The receiving started a free vaccine campaign in selected public and private hospitals.
The release of the drugs was divided into three stages: health workers and security and immigration officers, citizens aged over 58 and adults with various health problems, and citizens living in dangerous conditions such as those living in informal shelters.
The country hopes to receive 24 million doses through COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya aims to donate 50% of its population by June 2022 in collaboration between COVAX and international aid.
In a press release, UNICEF Representative in Kenya Maniza Zaman congratulated the arrival of the first vaccines in Kenya.
Following the arrival of vaccines, UNICEF and its allies are congratulating COVAX’s promise to ensure that people from countries with limited economic capacities are not left behind in this international plan to save lives by vaccines, he said.
However, the third plan was frustrated after the exercise began because of the final minutes decision to speed up the program's second phase in response to the third wave of infection, resistant political interests, and failure of the government to communicate and inform the public.
Patrick Gathara, a Kenyan writer and well-rewarded political cartoonist based in Kenya, said in an article questioning what is happening at the 1990 RevIKO vaccine program in Kenya:
In a loud and selfish tone, politicians claimed that they should be given the priority to build confidence in the public, although the Ministry of Health already a lack of strong resistance to the vaccine.
Since the government ignored the requirement to explain its plan to the public, there was a lot of controversy about where and when people are expected to stand on the line.
Despite the government's directive to give priority to people over the age of 58, Kenyan media that businessmen and politicians not of this age have been uncharacteristically receiving services, highlighting the extreme discrimination between the poor and the financial.
Meanwhile, deserving elderly and poor Kenyans, who have no access to help and no money to borrow, are seen waiting in line all the time from 11 a.m. until they are asked to return again because the medicine is over, according to a report from The Washington Post.
They have another door for their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washngton Post.
Without someone to help you complete the whole process, what will you do?
A similar incident was at another government hospital by @_Sadora, a Twitter user based in Nairobi, also a Kenyan.
On the Twittersphere, he described what his aunt had met, a former teacher of over 60 years.
As the elderly waited on the street, the nurse called names and the youth came forward and got a vaccine.
When her aunt asked her what was going on, the nurse gave her a phone number where she could spend money, she said on the Twitter thread.
Following reports of increasing interest in the campaign, Kenyan Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe told the press:
I think we have come to where we have created a state of uncertainty that anyone can go to a vaccine station and get a service.
I want to put this issue into perspective, those who provide a vaccine will be accountable for all the medications they have taken and that the medications used must be delivered to someone who deserves it.
The President of the National Association of Nurses in Kenya Alfred Obengo urged Kenyans not on the list of priorities to avoid standing in line with a vaccine.
Explaining how the Kenyan government could avoid the controversy in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes her article saying:
We could have avoided this scandal if the Kenyan government and its allies around the world, including the World Health Organization and Western governments, had worked with Kenya as a pioneer for this plan and not a colony that is being brutally exploited and exploited.
It's sad for Kenyans, their colonial country, to know no other way to do it.
Last December, the world focused on Argentina where abortion was officially allowed.
But to what extent are girls and women forced to become parents in other parts of the world?
Watch or listen to Global Voices Insights (flocking to a businessman on April 7,), where our Latin American editor Melissa Wand talks about reproductive rights with the following professionals and activists:
Debora Diniz (Brazil): a cultural expert who conducts research projects on bioethics, women’s rights, human rights and health.
She teaches at Brasilia University, but also studies at Brown University, and is a feminist.
His documentaries on abortion, equality in marriage, separation of governments and religious matters and research on the cells have won various national and international awards and have been contested in a variety of competitions.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): a prominent advocate of reproductive health in Africa, Human Rights, and gender and global advocacy activist, campaigning, and activism and planning advocate.
Joy was awarded the Ugandan Association of Lawyers (ULS) award for the Best Woman Lawyer for Human Rights in 2018/2012 and recognized as the leading female Leader in Global Health at the World Women’s Summit at Stanford University in 2017.
Emilie Palamy pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of Manushya Corporation, co-founded in 2017 (Manushya is a Sanskrit term for a Person), with the aim of mobilizing the strength of local communities, women advocates of human rights, so that they can fight for their rights, social justice and equality.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer dedicated to social rights.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): an independent journalist.
He was originally Assistant Editor for The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has more than 10 years of experience with online content and magazines.
He is dedicated to digital security, women and animal rights.
He is also a Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): a 19-year-old climate activist who is also part of the Fridays For Future and Women's Strike movement.
A mobile money agency waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 content regulations, freedom of speech has been restricted by high fees and authorities have authorized to remove unprecedented content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a microblogging project that urges the government to address the challenges of digital rights in the Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
Early in March, when Tanzanians began questioning the health and location of President John Magufuli, many citizens used social media to question and express their concerns.
In response, the government threatened to arrest any person who used social media to spread fake information about the president.
Authorities referred to Tanzania's Cybercrime Act 2015 and the Electronic and Postal Communications and Content (EPOCA) regulations created in 2020 to the possibility of arresting and detaining those who violated those laws.
This was a continuation of government action, which has repeatedly used cybercrime laws and online content regulations to restrict and restrict digital rights and free speech in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on national television that John Magufuli is dead.
A few days later, Hassan was sworn in as the sixth president of Tanzania.
At the time, at least four people were arrested across the country for spreading false rumors about health and where Magufuli is.
Many are now wondering whether Tanzania will review its online content regulations after Magufuli's regime, or whether these regulations will continue to apply until 2025 as long as the remaining Magufuli term is completed by President Samia Hassan.
Early in March, Innocent Bashungwa, Minister of Information, Culture, Arts and Sports Tanzania, warned the media not to spread rumors about Magufuli, who has not been seen publicly since February 27.
Also, the Minister of Justice and Constitutional Affairs, Mwigulu Nchemba, threatened netizens with prison terms via his Twitter account for spreading ridiculous rumors, referring to Section 89 of Penal Code and Section 16 of Cybercrime Act.
Police chief Ramadan Kingai expressed a desire to get to know the Twitter account called Kigogo, which has long distinguished itself from the government's mismanagement.
Human rights activists have denounced the measures taken by officials and the fear created by these regulations as well as the threats associated with their implementation.
Online Content Regulations: A broader extension of digital rights
For more than a decade, Tanzania has strong networking and tremendous development in communication and technology.
Despite these developments, the government has been setting up controls of companies and negotiations platforms and hence the independent media fails to distinguish itself as to the type of opinion it publishes and the image of its representation.
The Internet has created a new online platform for young Tanzanian bloggers and social media activists to raise their voices, but the government does not seem to agree with this new reality.
In 2010, Tanzania published the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, one of its kind in the country.
As of 2018, specific regulations governing online content were provided through the Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations 2018.
The government alleged that the regulations aimed at closely monitoring the use of social media, in particular, to tackle the problem of stories that spread hate and rumors online.
However, the regulations were applied not only to mainstream media but also to individual bloggers and content service providers, who were surprised by the new legal requirement to pay US$900 for a license.
The same was true of anyone who produced and broadcasted TV or radio broadcasts online.
There was a lot of darkness on social media as a result of the sudden demand for fees in which many bloggers and content makers decided to step down because of the high cost.
Opposition politicians and social media users criticized these regulations by promoting social media freedom and civil society.
In 2020, Tanzania issued a new amendment to the online content regulations, under Section 103 of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and went into effect in July 2020, announcing them through the Advertisement No. 538 in the Federal Magazine.
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and the 2020 editions of the Electronic Content Regulations o (EPOCA) are:
First, Tanzania Communications Authority (TCRA) re-established fees groups and added smaller groups under online content: information & information, entertainment and education or religion, and continued to restrict private content delivery.
Internet Content Regulation 2020, Part VI, Article 116:
Any person who offers online services without a proper license commits an offence and his punishment is a fine of at least 6 million Tanzanian Shillings [USD 2,588) or a prison sentence of at least 12 months or both.
Second, TCRA added a list of non-licensed content and included, among other things, content that encourages recording people's phones, surveying communication, stealing data, surveying communication, recording and intercepting communications or conversations without permission.
Third, the Electronic Content Regulation (EPOCA 2020) has also reduced the extent to which a licensed person can work on content violations by suspending or deleting an account.
Under the rules of 2018, the licensed owner had 12 hours to do so.
But in the principle of 2020, under Part III, Article 11, the deadline for any violations of content was reduced to 2 hours.
The lack of respect for the moment gives the authorities permission to intercept, either by blocking or removing the account.
Global Voices spoke to a number of legal and human rights experts who criticized the 2020 Content Regulatory Amendment, saying it violates digital rights and civil society rights.
They argued that these regulations violate digital rights and prevent bloggers and journalists from possessing online content.
The main problem here is that there are no precautions to prevent the abuse of this authority, and in the current case, it has a negative impact on freedom of expression in Tanzania, said one of the human rights experts who asked to be dismissed.
After Magufuli: The Future of Digital Rights Tanzania
Under Magufuli's rule, civil society, media and digital rights have been deteriorating rapidly due to restrictions, gradually, on free speech online.
After Magufuli's sudden death, many are now wondering about the future of digital justice in the country after six years of repressive leadership.
Global Voices spoke to some government officials on the condition of not being named about new regulations and human rights and online free speech.
A Tanzanian biometric rights expert told Global Voices, under undisclosed conditions:
These regulations are unfair because anyone can be convicted, since not many citizens understand the interpretation of these regulations.
Another one thought that the government treats social media as a nuisance.
He cautioned citizens to be cautious when speaking on public platforms because the government has the legal power to obtain all their information through the platform owners.
The Internet Content Regulations for 2020 make it impossible for an individual to be unknown online, under the 9 (e) regulation, that service providers have to register with identified IDs, set up only IP addresses, and shut down security cameras to record all activity in their workplaces, according to this analysis by the Tanzania News Council.
These regulations contribute to crimes against the dignity of the people, restrict the right to innocence, punish violations of these regulations and authorize the exclusion of content to the TCRA and other agencies under it.
The Electronic Content Regulation (EPOCA) is in conflict with the internationally accepted digital rights standards.
Above all, these regulations undermine freedom of speech and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, the Tanzanian government is responsible for respecting and upholding the rights of people to express themselves and gather as well as journalists, civil society members, and opposition politicians, according to the Tanzanian Constitution and international and regional agreements.
These rights are essential for the exercise of the right to vote.
Tanzania is in crisis for digital rights.
Under newly sworn President Hassan, the question is whether the Revolutionary Party will continue to silence and deny the country's digital rights?
Editor's suggestion: The author of this post asked his name not to be known for security reasons.
Taking Tanzania forward was not an easy task, when President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
His slogan was Hapa Kaze, visible on the green and yellow hats, the colors of Tanzania's ruling party, the Revolutionary Party, headed by Magufuli.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people gather at sports stadiums, airports and along the roads, in different parts of Tanzania, where the remains of the late President John Pombe Magufuli were transported from Dar escana to pay homage for a week in Yanga, where the headquarters of government, the islands of Zanzibar, Mwanza and Chato, his home, on the outskirts of Lake Victoria, where he is buried.
Magufuli was announced dead at the age of 61 on March 17, in a speech by former Vice-President Samia Suluhu Hassan, aired on national television, ending weeks of speculation about the President's health status and whereabouts.
He allegedly died of heart disease:
Death Report of the President of the United Republic of Tanzania.
Magufuli's sudden death, however, has left Tanzanians, and others, worried about the political and administrative impact of the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was sworn in as the sixth president of Tanzania, documenting the history of being the first female president of Tanzania, the second-born president in Tanzania's Zanzibar islands, and the first Muslim woman to occupy the highest position of service in Tanzania.
Under Tanzania's constitution, Hassan will serve the remaining five year term for Magufuli's presidency until 2025.
In this short, widely circulated video on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about his ability to lead as a woman:
To those who doubt that she will be president of the United Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell them that this one standing here is president.
I'd like to repeat that the one standing here is the president of the United Republic of Tanzania, a feminist.
While Tanzanians are still mourning Magufuli and dwelling on this sudden change, many seem to have a lot of hope for Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, party leader of ACT Wazalendo, has the hope and history of Hassani for activism and work as a member of civil society.
The great story of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes narrated by himself.
He says he was an activist.
He was a civil society member.
Thank you Chambi for seeing this.
It's not boring to listen.
While Hassan is popularly known as a reconciliation lover, calling for unity and calm in this transitional period, Magufuli is known as bulidozah, a nickname he acquired as the Minister of Construction to recognize his effectiveness in ensuring the construction of roads.
To remember Magufuli
Kanga commemorates the late John Magufuli, Tanzania's fifth president, who died on March 17, 2021.
Cursed our father god be good for you / We will always remember our hero
Many Tanzanians and Africans in general remember Magufuli on social media for the worst and the best.
Magufuli's badness cannot be denied with equal weight, and that means the memory he leaves behind is controversial but very meaningful.
Magufuli's and Magufuli's camps will not agree and the debate will continue for years.
Magufuli gained popularity in the early days of his presidency for his promises to fight corruption powerfully.
His efforts to create large projects aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industrialization raised the hope of many Tanzanians for independence after decades of reliance on international aid.
In April of last year, Magufuli refused a $10 billion (USD) loan from China for a major port project interested in implementing in Bagamoyo near the city of Dar es Salaam, saying, only a drunkard can comply with these terms.
This fate moves President Magufuli to last year's elections.
It reads: You Committed Us Thank you.
It is decorated with pictures of Magufuli's success in road construction, aircraft purchase, bridge construction and modern railroads.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His stand against corruption also attracted the attention of the West, and the media initially wrote in a positive light.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as a truly African son and an African advocate who puts the interests of Africa first.
Others remember him as a popular president putting patriotism above all else:
I have been following Tanzania mourning for John Magufuli.
We opposed his dictatorship and criticized him for his ignorance of science, but clearly, in the eyes of people standing on the road, this guy was popular.
However, Magufuli's regime was authoritarian and hence had a profound impact on human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been following the deteriorating protection of civil rights and human rights.
Tanzania fell sixth on Freedom of Expression scale that measured democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
While the Parliament was discussing the National Parliament's Legislation in January 2009, the suspected prohibition against political parties was interpreted as a sad sign when an owl appeared inside the parliament building.
Magufuli's administration repeatedly used laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA), or the Cybercrime Act to restrict free speech and opinion.
The changes to various regulations for the year 2020 aimed to prevent citizens from spreading information that could lead to breach of peace or provocation and content that contains information about epidemics or serious diseases without having been confirmed by the government through its top officials.
Citizens could not talk about the earthquake that hit the coastal areas last month, apart from reports of an explosion in the country a few months later.
And during two weeks of rumors about Magufuli's presence and his health in early March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about the president's illness.
Or died for the Korona?
Magufuli is said to have died of a heart disease that he has been treated for for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many wondering if he might have been infected with the Korona virus (19).
For many especially in the Western world Magufuli he will be remembered for denying the existence of the disease in his country.
As the disease penetrates Tanzania, the government took precautions along with guidelines on how flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower flower fl
He often challenged international guidelines on health regulations such as wearing bar shells, avoiding traffic and vaccines and urged citizens to rely on prayer and alternative treatments as alternative measures.
After Magufuli blocked the publication of the Corona infection statistics last April, he stressed that the Corona failed in prayer.
Shortly thereafter, he announced that Tanzania does not have the disease.
Although it is impossible to say to what extent the Korona affected Tanzania, what we know is that the Korona did not go away.
When the new outbreak of the Korona erupted in January, many Tanzanians shared their testimonies on social media recounting how they suffered from a syndrome such as the Korona.
Knowing that they could be arrested for discussing the Korona, the debate went under the title of a new pneumonia and respiratory difficulties.
But Magufuli took a stand against the vaccines in a speech in Chato's home on January 27:
If a white person had a vaccine, then he would have detected an AIDS vaccine; he would have identified the cause of tuberculosis; and now he would have a malaria vaccine; he would have a cancer vaccine.
This statement can be taken as a backdrop to Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who served as the world's ambassador to immune in early 2016.
Last month, Magufuli finally admitted that his country has a corona problem, urging Tanzanians to wear their own barishes.
Curiosists say Magufuli's change of heart attitude toward the corruption was due to the death of Zanzibar's Deputy Seif Sharif Hamad.
Several top-ranking officials from the prominent political class close to Magufuli have died of the disease.
As more and more people gather to pay their last respects to the late president, his death has brought some relief.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social media to speak out about life in Tanzania's Korona epidemic, when the president deliberately ignored the Korona virus.
In a long line on Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the Corona blast began to rise worldwide.
Tanzania was not left.
But in April of 2020 we gave up all our collective efforts to curb the spread of the disease in the country.
In his last tweets, he said:
Did he die for the Korona?
Yes, of course.
He and she.
And they.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But it's not those you want to talk about?
They're not the Story.
It is part of the story.
A friend is looking for you.
Can you?
Can we make it between us?
Please do it.
I will.
Tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze explains the shift in Magufuli's stance, but he uses a tactic to understand the feelings of the other, which seems to overcome Magufuli himself once again and forgive him.
Tanzanians agree with the controversial and seriousness of Magufuli's death and the memory he leaves behind them as their eyes are closed looking forward.
Who has the power to decide what is seen and what is not on the internet?
This is the most important question raised by activist and writer Jillian C. York in his next book Silicon Values, * which is due to be launched on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10 pm GMT, Jillian joins Global Voices executive director Ivan Sigal for a video conversation about his book, which, as he explains in the preface, is seeking to dig into the history of how Silicon Valley’s massive telecommunications platforms have created their unique system, which governs how we can express ourselves online.
Jillian, Director for International Freedom of Expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, is a long-time member of Global Voices, where he struggles to write about digital freedom and freedom of expression in the context of the Middle East.
The show is free and open to the public and flows live on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We look forward to seeing you join us on Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00 pm GMT (click here to check out your destination time!)
* Buying this book through this link will help contribute to Global Voices.
A young man looks at his mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, by USAID / Digital Development Communications on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first Korona virus in Tanzania in the middle of March 2007.
However, after the statistics continued to rise to 509 patients and 21 deaths in late April, the Tanzanian government announced that there were none of them in 19 cases.
In the same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told the parliament that there were only 66 cases across the country, but he gave no further explanation.
Since then, the government has remained silent about the virus, with strong political statements to deny its existence and with no data on sickness or death.
Today, many operations continue as usual, including the tourism sector in Tanzania, which attracted thousands of visitors to the country through irregular airports.
Zanzibar Airport got the lowest of two stars in a health and safety assessment by the Skytrax Assessment of Airport Security Against RevIKO-19, the only sure measure to confirm the actions taken by airport authorities to strengthen the alert for the outbreak.
According to the Skytrax report, two new cases infected with the new version of the South African virus were confirmed to travel to Denmaki on January 19, leaving Tanzania.
The year-long enthusiastic concert, sound of wisdom, will take place in central February in Zanzibar, sponsored by the European Union in Tanzania and some European ambassadors in Tanzania, at a time when the country is exposed to a similar new version of the virus circulating in Britain, South Africa, and Brazil.
On January 24, the Catholic State of Arusha issued a warning warning to its members against the existence of the 19th classroom in Tanzania, urging its members to take all the necessary health precautions to protect themselves and spread the virus in churches.
Although the records indicate that Tanzania has fewer cases of sickness than other countries, the government's silence on HIV 19 figures has created concerns among health professionals and human rights activists, who are prohibited from speaking and talking about HIV 19 on online platforms.
The country revised the 2018 edition of Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations (Online Content) in July, blocking content with information related to the outbreak of a deadly disease in or around the country without the permission of the authorities.
Although early measures were taken to counter the virus, schools, colleges, offices, and other community activities have now returned to normal.
However, the virus continues to spread across the country.
President John Magufuli has expressed concern about the quality of the lab equipment and the integrity of his colleagues after a clandestine attempt was allegedly made with papyrus and goat to suggest that they were infected with the virus.
The president said the giving of these statistics was unnecessary and shortly afterwards, he fired Nyambura Moremi, the director of the National Health Laboratory, on charges of investigating the results.
The 19th level of oversight team, formed by the minister, ended in disintegration.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national prayer.
He made the announcement publicly at a Sunday vigil, amidst those praising him, claiming that God has answered their prayers.
Magufuli praised the faithful for not wearing the barakoa, despite a call by the World Health Organization to ask people to wear barishes to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, nicknamed bulldozer for his strict anti-corruption stance, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in a highly-censored election against the opposition.
Prior to the election, Tanzanians were surprised at the shutdowns in which all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were shut down.
To this day, many Tanzanians cannot access Twitter without the use of VPN.
For more than five years, Magufuli's regime has restricted freedom of democracy and civil society as well as restricted freedom of expression and access to information on digital platforms.
Following the government's strict denial of RevIKO-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any 1990 RevIKO data which the government has not confirmed, implying that ordinary citizens including journalists and health professionals are prohibited from commenting on 19 RevIKO on digital platforms or obtaining relevant information.
The right to information on HIV 19 has turned into a privileged class of some people, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices on grounds of innocence, afraid of being fired.
Unlike other countries with special teams working for the UP-19, Tanzania has a website with few outdated reports on the UP-19.
Statements of denial of the 19th classroom appear to be accepted by many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore important precautions such as wearing barakoa and avoiding crowds.
Global Voices visited several hospitals including Muhimbili, a government appeals hospital in Dar es Salaam, the country's cultural capital, as well as Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Yanga, the political capital, and observed few precautions being taken against the spread of the virus.
People are allowed access to the hospitals without wearing bar shells, there are few cleaning materials and washing hands and those that are waterless or broken, evidence, for example, in the ward of pregnant women Muhimbili.
While Magufuli's regime hasn't shown any concern about the effect of the virus on the daily lives of the people, many ministers of his government and his departments are acknowledging that evacuation 19 exists.
Tanzania's finance Minister urges his Ministry staff to take all precautions to protect himself against the virus, while at the same time saying Tanzania is not plagued by HIV-19.
Photo from Mwananchi newspaper.
For example, when Magufuli was sworn in for the second time last year, government authorities took serious precautions against UVIKO-19, forcing all attendees to test body temperature and wash their hands in special places containing water and bottles.
On January 25, Tanzania's finance Minister, Dr. Philip Mpango called on his ministry officials to be wary of UVIKO-19 while at the same time denying the presence of the disease in Tanzania, during his meeting in Yanga, the political headquarters.
Many local professionals are afraid to speak up, for fear of action.
Global Voices spoke to a health professional who believed that Tanzania might be facing a second wave of blast but thought the public was hidden.
The expert did not want to be named, fearing action.
Another health professional told Global Voices under a non-named condition that people should know the behaviour of 19 HIV in order to take precautions to protect themselves and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said leaving people in the dark makes their work difficult but he believed that Tanzanians would try to protect themselves by taking all precautions as advised by the World Health Organization (WHO).
He told Global Voices:
Politicians have captured the whole issue of 19 HIV/AIDS and are playing a dangerous game, but when people start dying they will start chasing the health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices under the circumstances of not mentioning his name said that although there is hope for prevention, the Tanzanian government's statements denying the presence of the disease will suppress its access, as the government has not taken any action to find it in global markets, rather than resorting to herbs.
In December 2020, the spokesperson for the Health Minister Gerald Chamii expressed concern about the world's taboos, telling the East African magazine:
It does not take up to six months to get a vaccine or cure for a disease.
We have stuck ourselves since the blast began, I am not sure it is wise to insert it and distribute it to the public without making medical attempts to prove its safety to our people.
Obtaining information is essential for democracy and development.
Tanzanian internet regulations have been misused to silence voices by those who speak out against Tanzania's handling of the issue of HIV-19.
Freedom of expression, including the right to access, receive, and spread information, is guaranteed by international law.
In Tanzania, the right to information, access to information and dissemination, is recognized by Sects 18(1) and 18(1) of the Constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights seem to be more theoretical than real.
In a situation where the government denies the existence of 19 HIV/AIDS and the existence of laws which prohibit people from reporting and commenting on the disease, online and on the street, Tanzanians are being left without basic information and many are afraid to speak up.
This post is part of a series of posts that investigate the infringement of digital rights during the closure process to the control of the spread of 19 virus in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
The project is funded by the Digital Rights Foundation for Africa and is run by the Global Economic Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Image showing the graduation of police training in Mozambique | screenshot of August 19, STV YouTube, taken by the owner
Mozambican police documents leaked in the media in early August confirmed that 15 students had been pregnant in a police training school in Matalane, Maputo province.
The papers say the abortions are the result of the sexual relations between students and teachers without explaining whether they were spontaneous.
However, it has been said that pregnant students will not be able to finish their training now, and will travel back home on police charge.
The report eventually said that the trainees involved will be suspended.
When questioned by newspaper O País on August 8, Police Commander General Bernardino Rafael said that all concerned will meet with disciplinary procedures.
It didn't take long for this case to be condemned on social media.
Several netizens expressed disappointment in the decision of the school and demanded justice for the women.
Journalist Fátima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
Matalane to be taken seriously.
I am so disappointed with this issue of the pregnancy of 15 students at Matalane Training Center.
That’s a big deal.
It is a big thing because as documents show the characters are trainees.
Now one person with authority over another is aborcing and the result is a little process?
This reminds me of a teacher who demanded sex corruption from her students to give them a grade or not to harass them in class because from her perspective they are stupid, and instead of being prosecuted the teacher was transferred to teach elsewhere.
And there he continues his nursing.
It's also on Twitter that a feminist criticized the issue:
Matalane's Thought
Creating a socially equal community in protecting equal citizens' rights requires a balanced education and development policies that care for public development and scientific and ethical knowledge as well as patriotism.
Matalane's Thought
Blaming violence against women is common in societies with a male system, known for harassing women and making them obedient to the men's wishes, resulting in sentencing the actions of the victims and reducing the conviction of the oppressors.
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
It is a tiny snowflake that Matalane is our product.
I think of a day when they will start to tell their stories, starting from their childhood.
Journalist and activist Selma Inocência also said:
A very small minority of the teachers have been brought to trial, prosecuted and sentenced.
They are responsible for the loss of their childhood of thousands of girls.
Schools aren't safe places.
The statistics indicate that hundreds of girls get pregnant at school and other participants are teachers, teachers, and school administrators.
A petition has been filed calling for punishment for the police officers involved.
So far more than 3,8000 people have signed.
For the government this is fundamental and undergoes a thorough investigation at the level of ministry and the head of the Mozambican police.
Jamaica cannot and will not tolerate such issues.
The law must take its course and it is for everyone.
Nobody is above the law.
The investigation continues by thoroughly examining all the facts in the case and taking into account the psychological and emotional condition of the pregnant women because they deserve to be respected for their dignity.
Another Trial
This is a continuation of cases of violence against women in Mozambique that are not in the media.
One of the most recent headline cases is the case of Alberto Niquice, the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is facing criminal prosecution for rape of a 13 year old in 2018.
Earlier this year, 30 civil society institutions in Mozambique asked Niquice not to be sworn in after being re-elected in 2002.
However, the vice president took over the office and works normally in parliament.
Another media case is the case against Josina Machel, daughter of Mozambique's first president, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three-year-old beloved Rofini Licuco and left blind in one eye.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months plus a 300 million metric (USD 4.2 million) ransom for Josina.
However Rofino appealed and this year the Supreme Court of Appeals deleted the case because of allegations that there was not enough evidence in the case.
This Giving Tuesday, go to Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
The year 2020 has been isolated yet to be complete.
In the middle of it all, we Global Voices have continued to publish news from all four corners of the world, bringing our readers unique and global perspectives on issues such as the outbreak of HIV-19, the ethnicity movement, demonstrations in countries such as Belarus and Thailand, and more, more.
The community of bloggers, writers, journalists and digital rights activists at Global Voices has been working for over 16 years to build bridges between countries and languages and to promote press freedom, Internet transparency, and the right of individuals, wherever and freedom of expression.
Please Donate to Global Voices This Giving Tuesday
Our work with our international community of writers is proof that human relations regardless of the range of differences can change the way people understand the world.
Please contribute today to help us continue this important work.
● Donate to Global Voices.*
December 2004.
You had to be a university student on Facebook, Twitter was not yet used, the aggressors were still living on the bridges of myths.
Our phones still weren't smart, leaks at that time meant water and would call him a plumb to fix, yet Amazon.com was not able to sell some products.
There were many news sites, blogs were available and they did well, and we started to chat online.
That's where Global Voices was born.
We have been there for 15 years!
For the dog age, that is 110.
For the Internet years, that is about 1000 years.
Today we wish to use this opportunity to thank our influential authors and loyal readers and colleagues for giving Global Voices the strength and ability to move forward.
Since 2004, we have helped cover the world's biggest stories.
We have published 100,000 posts, and we have created special posts aiming at empowering non-violent communities to use digital media and fight for online rights, including creating a community of translators who translate more than 50 languages.
Without you, there’t be Global Voices.
Help us complete another 15 years.
We mean we need your support.
Donations from individuals help protect our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please support us today!
Donate now!
Travelers crossing the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Screenshot via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken the quickest decision to tackle poverty-19.
The African Center for Disease Control (ACDC) formed a work force on 19 February, before the continent witnessed a single patient.
Today, which is currently the world’s least affected region with 1,293,048 confirmed HIV/AIDS cases, the most interesting 1,031,905 recovery, according to the African CDCP.
The continent has less than 5 percent of the world's cases and less than 1 percent of all deaths worldwide.
Now, as African states led by the African Union are slowing down COVID-19 and preparing themselves to reopen their economy and borders, many governments are using innovative technology.
The design of unity, an African technology that can monitor the spread and reconnect COVID-19 testing centers across the continent has led to the use of panaBIOS, a bio-censorship technology supported by the African Union.
panaBIOS has developed a program based on purchases and websites and using algorithms to track people with health risks and record samples from nature to the laboratory.
The technology was created by Koldivet, a newly founded Kenyan organisation, and funded by AfroChampions, a public and private collaboration designed to bring together African resources and institutions to assist the development and success of African private sectors.
Ghana is the only country with panaBIOS when it opens its borders.
panaBIOS to ensure that passengers can use measure results from other countries to meet the demands of port approval for the country they are traveling through the panaBios app or in addition to the type produced by the system with travel documents.
Medical officials in the port are using a commercial version of software to verify health documents in equal ways for all countries.
Complete laws to protect data and privacy
The African Union and the African CDCP are urging member states to participate in a shopping-based platform, panaBIOS which will bring results across the continent together.
However, the data interference has raised a lot of questions about the folly and privacy of data.
Public surveillance and censorship can disturb fears and threaten to free citizenship, in a continent where only 27 out of 54 countries have perfect security and data privacy laws.
Other African countries, such as Ghana, have changed the law to give the president urgent powers to deal with the disaster by ordering the telecommunications company to give customers' personal details, such as customer data, mobile memory, data transferred to mobile money, transactions, and addresses.
To ensure the protection and privacy of data, all of the machine learning techniques employed by panaBIOS are in total data.
These are data gathered edited for data analysis and not personal targeting data gathered for censorship, where it will refuse to reach suspects or victims.
To ensure the prevention of privacy encroachment, the African Union, PanBIOS, and its allies must propose how they will consider the country's data protection laws to protect privacy, ensure data credentials and avoid commercial data sharing.
Currently, the applied pragram does not have a public privacy policy, where it explains users the rules of data collecting and sharing.
The challenge is how private policies will meet different objectives, pride, national, and data protection sectors such as the African Union Convention on Internet Safety and Self-Data Protection, the South African Development Community (SADC) on data protection, the Economic Community of West African Nations (ECOWAS) on Additional A / SA.1 / 09/10 on the Protection of Individual Data within ECOWAS and the Eastern African Community for Internet Principles.
Technology solutions have contributed to the effectiveness of COVID-19 Africa
Besides panaBIOS, some Afika nations have implemented a technological response to the spread of COVID-19.
For example, scientists from Sengali have developed a $1 cost COVID-19 test and 3D in patients.
Wellvis, a emerging organization in Nigeria, developed a COVID-19 measuring tool, an independent network to help users measure their risk of being contaminated with the corona virus according to the symptoms and history of being at risk.
The South African government used WhatsApp for a cross-section discussion to answer common questions about fake stories, symptoms and cure of COVID-19.
And Uganda, the women of the market used the Soko Park app to sell their products at home using the app, and then a motorcycle taxi took her to the store.
Africa’s success in controlling and managing the spread of COVID-19 has been associated with the younger masses, the ability to measure and monitor the dead, and the possible presence of the SARS-CoV-2 virus among other Africans.
But it is clear that technological innovations have contributed significantly to COVID-19, as well as leadership in the early stages of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu, deputy doctor and association Bill and Melinda summarized how, in January, when many western nations hesitated, Ethiopia started filtering AddisAbaba Airport.
Rwanda became the first country in Africa to suspend ordinary petitions on March 21, and a number of countries in Africa followed up this recently: South Africa enforced ordinary petitions when it grew to 400 cases and two deaths.
(In that number, Italy grew to more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths took action.)
In contrast, the number of casualties in Africa is six times the number of Africans.
Public health experts estimated that the disaster would severely affect the African continent and the bodies of the dead in the streets.
Bayana, Africa confirmed otherwise.
This story is based on a study by Factcheck Lab, a factual verification agency in Hong Kong, who is also a Global Voices contributor and contributor.
On September 22, reports and social media circulating on Chinese networks quoted otherwise that the senior scientist of the World Health Organization (SAD), Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, said Chinese immunizations against COVID-19 have been proven to have an effect.
The reports and posts are quoting the China TV's minute video for China Miaopai's video participation program.
The video shows a speech by SAD Tedros' executive director Adhanom Ghebreyesus highlighting the importance of developing HIV/VIVIKO-19, followed by statements by Dr.Swaminathan.
In a CCTV video, which summarizes WHO's top scientist: 19 China's HIV/AIDS vaccines have been proven to have an effect (), this is Swaminathan's report:
If you know, they have a perfect vaccine development program and some of the vaccines are progressing in clinical trials, this too is good for us, we follow it closely.
Some of the colleagues have proven to benefit from the ongoing clinical testing.
But Dr.Swaminathan's original speech is edited.
Her last sentence, in fact, started with the word if, and the background sound made it come out as if she said it confirmed rather than confirmed.
Dr.Swaminathan's statement follows :
We have been involved in discussions with China over the past months because, as you know, they also have a perfect program to develop their multiple immunizations and vaccines ahead of clinical trials, this is good for us, so we are following closely.
We have had a constructive and open discussion with them and have always insisted on their brazen commitment around the world if some of their vaccines have passed the ongoing clinical trials.
So I think the talk is going on, it's still clear and we hope many countries will be ignored.
This comment was made at an unspecified SAD press conference that took place on 21 September.
A full copy of this one-and-a-half hour event can be shared.
The Summit aims to submit a resolution about the $18 billion WHO and other organizations plan to submit a vaccine of 19VIKO in advance worldwide.
So far, 156 nations have joined the initiative; neither China nor America is one of them.
As estimated, CCTVT's video, as well as the news report and the publications produced, has attracted national approval.
A post on Weibo and the Daily Economic News has been liked by more than 337,000 people.
Below are some popular comments:
I am very proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the mid-Eve Festival.
You can't imagine the Chinese rebellion.
I am proud of my country.
China has saved the world.
After inspectors are sure to indicate that Dr. has been misrepresented, the media, including CGTN and CCTV, deleted their social media publications.
Among them is the Communist Youth League of China, whose post was submitted by Twitter user @Emi-2020JP before disappearing from Weibo:
Tedros should be shot first.
Like @Emi-2020JP, many of the Twitter users believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and published an opinion of Tedros' anger:
Tedros is a toilet stool!
I will pay Tedros an extra shot!
Yesterday my mother told me, the local news said America will buy a lot of vaccines from China.
I don't need to say.Let them live in their fantasy.
A great job, from covering the spread of the virus to the sale of a vaccine!
Although printed publications have been deleted, copies of them are still circulating on social media, such as this public post WeChat.
Beijing-based media in Hong Kong, such as Speak Out HK (and Today Review), have also published news from the video.
There are approximately 200 VIKO 19 vaccines in the distance from clinical testing around the world, and many of them have been prepared by Chinese libraries.
Nothing has passed the 3rd phase of the trial now.
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans took to the streets to protest on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other cities against police brutality.
The protests began after shocking news about the death of 35 year-old physician Silvio Dala, who died on September 1 under police surveillance.
According to authorities reports, Dala left in his car from David Bernardino Children's Hospital in Luanda, where he works as the director of the clinic and was stopped by the police because he didn't wear bar shells.
The doctor was taken to the Catotes police station in the nearby town of Rocha Pinto, and when he showed signs of exasperation and started fainting, he fell badly and hit the head and caused a small injury to his head, said the official police report.
It also said that Dala died while police officers took him to a hospital.
The Association of Doctors protested the report.
The party's president Adriano Manuel, told Voice of America (VOA) that there is a controversy in the authorities' explanation that suggests that the doctor was boycotted.
Manuel told German Voice (DW) that the cause of death explained by the police is not real.
Anyone who is a doctor and has studied medicine will know that this is not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, a news source from the Ministry of Interior says that an investigation was carried out in front of the family by the prosecutor and it was proved that the doctor was not the victim of the plague.
The party has said it will take legal action against the police force.
Meanwhile the Angolan government has formed a commission to collaborate with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
Protesters disbelieve the police report about Dala's death.
Posters used by protesters across the city of Luanda said: No more murders, You are paid to protect us, you are not paid to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, They have killed Silvio Dala.
There were also calls on Interior Minister Eugénio Laborinho to resign.
The protest was organized by the Medical Association in collaboration with civil society organizations and institutions.
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the beginning of the Holocaust crisis in Angola, several cases have been that police forces exerted violent force during surveillance and sometimes kill civilians.
Speaking to Lusa, violent musician Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, asked Lugarinho to resign and also asked the police school to improve its training structure.
The police force is an institution that should give citizens courage, but today citizens lack courage, that is, they are scared when they meet with the police, he concluded.
Protest against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many took the protest to Facebook and WhatsApp to protest.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
COUNTRY POLITICS RELATED WITH THE DEATH OF DR SilVIO DALA
The images are very powerful and sound.
We must all demand justice.
Local police must pay for their crimes.
Things cannot continue to be like this.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, the former chairman of the board of the Sonangol oil committee directors, the daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EuSouSilvioDalazuladazulção pacíencia e silenciosazul Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA),convidando principales de調査,outros Répatos eandes civil, contra a violência policial em memória de Sielvio Dala, 12:30hLargo da Mutamba pic.twitter.com/blRs117IdY
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#ISomSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Association of Angolan Doctors (SINMEA) announced a silent and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civil society organizations to protest against police brutality in honor of physician Silvio Dala, at 6:30 p.m. in Largo da Mutamba
The headline: Angolans take to the streets protesting police brutality and calling for an end to the killing.
Meanwhile, on Twitter, Alejandro also questioned the participation of online mobilizers in Angola in this event:
7-8 o George Floyd Bai morto os chamados Influencers Angolanoslasseam o困困 ao desarrollo Black Lives Matter, mas akatan do medicozulano Sílvio Dala os sant sant santandes influencers principales em Zona anyango!
Ale Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd was killed the so-called Angolan online mobilizers showed their support for Black Life is Worthwhile, but at the death of Angolan physician Silvio Dala, these brothers are doing nothing about the tragedy!
Hachalu Hundessa being interviewed by OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
The Excerpt of the Editor: This is a two-part analysis of Hachalu Hundessa, a popular Orom musician whose murder sparked riots in religious and ethnic ideology because of misinformation on social media.
Read part 2 here.
The great Ethiopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained popularity for using her creativity and talent to introduce the public to the Oromo people.
He was killed in the streets of the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, on June 29, this year.
That night at three and a half hours, as Hachalu got off his car, a man named Tillenia Yami walked to his car and shot him in his chest.
He was rushed to a local hospital where he was officially confirmed dead.
It was later revealed that the bullet severely damaged her internal organs.
Addis Ababa's chief of police that two suspects were detained.
After a few days the authorities sentenced the killers and their two colleagues.
In his assassination, the country has entered a difficult time calming the aftermath of violence.
The fact is that the massacre of Hachalu has not been clearly exposed and the result, speculation began to spread after politicians and activists reacted strongly to the conflict between the leading leaders of Yanga and Amahara, the largest ethnic group in Ethiopia.
On the day of his funeral, mourners flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities surrounding Orom State.
The next morning the Oromia Media Network (OMN), where Hachalu conducted his final interview, aired commercials on TV as well as networks and showed as his coffin was shipped from Addis Ababa to their home in Ambo.
The slowness of the announcement turned into a scene of clashes between government authorities and opposition leaders, with disputes about where Hachalu was buried and OMN had to suspend its announcement; it is said they were forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several injured in Addis Ababa.
The clash led to the arrest of some opposition leaders including Jawar Mohammed, the OMN leader and opposition leader Bekele Gerba, who were accused of inciting violence.
The controversy arose further after the authorities recovered Hachalu's body and took it to their hometown of Ambo by helicopter, where both parties continued to quarrel and deprive the victim's family of the opportunity to give their brother a proper burial.
After that violence and clashes followed.
The clashes took three days to devastate some areas in Orom and Addis Ababa and the real destruction is: 239 people dead and hundreds injured, more than 7,000 people arrested for causing violence and destruction of property worth millions of birr, Ethiopian silver.
On June 30, the government attempted to shut down the internet to prevent the spread of social media violence and to last for three weeks.
Several people were shot by security forces but some sources including Voice of America and Addis Standard that angry groups from the Orom tribe attacked people of different groups in towns and streets occupied by people of different faiths, in the southeastern part of the town of Orom, targeting mainly the families of non-Muslims and non-Muslims in the region.
More violence was in the mixed Amahara-Oromo region and religion may have played a major role because of the awareness that: the Southeast Moromo community is identified by the Islamic alliance with the Afan-Oromo linguists.
One local farmer said we thought Hachalu was Muoromo after watching live broadcasts of Hachalu funeral practices of Ethiopian Tewahedo Church.
According to reports, the majority of the victims were Amharic Christians,Oromo Christians and the people of Gurage.
One eyewitness said that the groups destroyed and set fire to property and committed murder by beheading the victims.
An Interrogation Forecast
When reports about Hachalu's murder were heard only, the news source of the diaspora's Moroccans included his death and Hachalu's final interview with OMN's television station, led by Guyo Wariyo, and aired a week before Hachalu's assassination.
During the interviews Gayo repeatedly questioned Hachalu about his support for the ruling party and interrupted him regularly as he responded.
Hachalu refused to support the ruling party but also criticized the conflicts and inequalities in Orom's political parties, showing freedom of thought as a musician and made him the target of online attacks until the day he was killed.
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historic mistreatment of the Oromo people by the King Menelik II who built Ethiopia today.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that the horseback that was riding by Menelik at a statue in Addis Ababa belonged to theOromoan farmer Faz Debelle, who stole it from Menelik.
The response appealed to expressions of praise and criticism from different people on Facebook and Twitter.
While Hachalu was assassinated a week later, many of the Oromo diaspora felt that Hachalu's criticism of the statue of Menelik II angered supporters of the Ethiopian monarchy and led to his assassination.
On social media, citizens clinged to what the Hachalu said against Menelik, and this sparked a widespread spread of rumors with many false reports.
The other part of the interview contains information about divisions and conflicts within the Moromo community.
Thro the interviews Guyo digged Hachalu about the ongoing political change in the country and the anti-government movement by asking a question about Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is Muoromo and that if the government has been able to meet the wishes of the Oromo people since he came to power in 2018.
Hachalu repeatedly said that he is not involved in Yanga's promiscuity but criticized all those who judge Abiy's patriotism.
He protected his position against the main opposition leaders who were united with Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which was once close to the historic Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Front (the EPRDF).
TP05 became an opposition party after Abiy demolished EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke about the ongoing political violence in Orom region blaming both the government authorities and the militants of the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) in which he is also known as OLF-Shane.
Following the massacre of Hachalu, the government was able to take a 71-minute interrogation line to the public.
The strip includes a message of execution threats by Hachalu from western Orom, where the OLF-Shane militant forces operate.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he praised OLF-Shane.
He spoke directly about the conflict between him and Getachew Assefa, the Ethiopian High Security Officer at the TP30. time in office.
Guyo, who announced the interview on his Facebook page for calling it must be seen a few days before he was launched, has been arrested by police since then and the government is investigating the 71 minutes line of the interview to find examples that will help solve the cause of Hachalu's killing.
Read more about the aftermath of Hachalu Hundessa's murder in section II.
Image from Guardian YouTube video about feminization.
The COVID 19 disaster has had a significant impact on women’s rights in the Middle East and North Africa; from increased domestic violence to loss of their jobs.
But there is one clear area where women are affected by the burning, and this is after the outbreak of the Corona disaster and the bidding to deal with it.
In April, the United Nations announced that the absence of sanctions as a result of the struggle to fight the storon disaster, there are 2 million cases of burning that are projected to occur in the next decade to prevent if the storon blocking does not reveal plans and efforts to fight and burn
Cutting entails partial cutting or permanent removal of the vagina, or injuring the vagina without any connection or any medical concept, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
This practice is a ritualistic and religious practice that has taken root throughout Africa, the Middle East and Asia, and is carried out by traditional midwives, medicine men with knives, mangoes or bits of bottles.
The seizures are also known if the seizures are widely believed to be one of the past violations against girls and women, and are still relatively rare in the Middle East.
At least 200 million women are affected by it.
The issue is best described by UNICEF in a video:
In the Middle East and North Africa region, seizures are a problem that affects mostly Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, a Child Protection Counselor, explains more,
Somalia is thought to have the highest number of murder victims in which 98 percent of women between 15 and 49 years old have been murdered.
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent are affected, Egypt 92, Sudan 88, Mauritania 69, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7 percent according to figures released in June by the United Nations Population Fund (UNFPA).
This varies according to the social class, ethnicity and level of education in each country and in the urban or rural areas.
Snippings usually occur among the poorest people or in uneducated families in rural areas.
In Yemen, the burning has taken root in the coastal region but is limited to the north.
In Iraq, the incident has spread widely in the northern part of the Kurdish province.
In Egypt it's most active for girls in the Egyptian Top.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from poorer families have been murdered compared to 37 percent of women from higher income families.
EXCEPTION: The Lesser Reported Violence
The scale and breadth of the cut would have been undermined because of the world's lack of a comprehensive picture of the cut, according to a joint report from March, approved by Equality now, the European Network to End the cut and the Network to End the cut from the United States.
The report confirmed that this culture is growing and is also taking place in the Middle East and Asia, and the world has overlooked the genocide.
Recent small research shows that sectarianism is also taking place in Iran, including all Gulf countries such as Kuwait, the Arab Empire, Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Wine Srinivasan from Equality Now told Reuters that he was overwhelmed by the results of the small survey from areas such as Omani and Saudi Arabia where it is not usually the place that comes to mind when you think about the Holocaust issue
This report was published at the time of COVID-19 tragedy in the Middle East and was not published or interpreted at all by Arabic media and social media.
The lack of awareness in the public about censorship can confirm the notion that censorship is not something to be taken seriously.
Social taboo
In the Middle East, taboo encircling the bodies of women is a ban on public discourse about secrets such as sectarianism, which is linked to traditional, religious and cultural beliefs.
For instance, in Egypt Christians and Muslims together believe that feminization makes more attractive to prospective husbands and protects them from violence, they also fear that their daughters will not be married if they are not burned, according to a report on the End of Middle Eastern Cutdown, a campaign which was launched in 2013 to raise awareness about the burning and to tell the world that the burning is not only in Africa but in many Middle Eastern countries and Asia.
The organization continues to gather more burglaries and has created a means of gathering information to help individuals or groups do little research on the burglaries.
People prefer to avoid talking and burning topics if only the event touches the headlines as the death of a 12-year-old daughter who died after being burned in Southern Egypt in February, is where people talk.
Ghida Hussein, an Egyptian student, told Global Voices that:
Since we don’t talk about it, it’s as if it doesn’t exist at all.
The cuts are being carried out in silence behind closed doors.
It happens far from the educated people in the cities where activists and politicians sit.
Cutdown is a complex matter and maybe the international community should provide financial support and mobilization, otherwise you won't see a male-dominated society putting the issue first.
Breaking the taboo and talking about the cutting causes human rights defenders to be attacked in abusive and hateful languages.
In Oman, feminist activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Human Rights Institute Omani conducted a 2017 study in Omani and found that 78 percent of the women had been mutilated.
After publishing the results of his research online, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of the same research online and the response was great.
I have been attacked by religious conservatives who say that sectarianism is part of Muslim worship.
In Omani, where the genocide is not officially recognized, there is no protection for the victims.
Habiba added this in his report:
How can you tell a survivor to talk about the mutilation and then face all the consequences of being criticized, insulting even family or family members may be completely isolating, even a husband can divorce him – if there is no formal support.
I do not expect these women to stand up to speak out to be courageous and to face the community.
To End the Cut Up: Too Organized, Not Enough
In Yemen and the United Arab States, burnings are restricted only by health institutions, but not at home.
In Mauritania, there is a legal barrier but not a direct ban.
In Iraq, the massacre is prohibited there in the religious province of Kurdish, but it is still legal in the central region of Iraq.
There have been signs of extinction.
In the years following the establishment of the Women’s Rights Institute, Egypt has prohibited mutilation in 2008.
Sudan, in a political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, has been the first to ban the genocide in April.
But enforcement of the law is a real challenge because the abolition is still so intense and widely acknowledged.
Although the law is not a very important weapon but it is not enough.
Countries need a nationally implemented plan and strategy involving police, judiciary, healthcare providers, clerics and the providing of education to the community.
A series of regional and dictatorial disasters have delayed reforms blocking campaigns and resources to address and abuse women's status.
Now the world's attention is focused on fighting COVID-19 and its impact on the economy and many programs that are directly involved in the rights of women in vulnerable situations and providing social services have been postponed or not as a priority anymore.
With so many poor families and many girls who are dropped out of school or married in childhood, mutilation is almost unknown in the region.
Photo by Abubakar Ibrahim Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Ibrahim Dadiyata, a prominent lecturer and critic of the Nigerian government, was taken from his home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa neighboring Biya, Northwestern Nigeria.
A year after his kidnapping Dadiyata has yet to be found.
Abubakar Ibrahim (Didiyata) was taken from his home in Kaduna province, Nigeria.
His movements are still unclear.
His family and friends want answers to their questions: where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is the victim of loss #Let's Lost #FreeDadiyata.
Dadiyata was a student at the Dutsinma Public University, in Katsina Province.
As a member of the People's Democratic Party, Dadiyata always grabbed members of the All Progressive Congress Party on social media.
Read More: A Widespread Fear of the kidnapping of a Nigerian government critic
All institutions of state government and central government have nothing to do with
Dadiyata was forcibly taken away by the kidnappers at 7 p.m. when she arrived home, a year ago on 1 August 2019, Premium Times.
Dadiyata's wife, Kadija in an interview with the BBC news agency, recalled that her husband was talking to the phone with his engine running, when he was arrested by the kidnappers.
Though Kadija could not hear what was being said or who was talking to her on the phone, she recalls her husband's kidnappers were following her and they came home.
Dadiyata's wife stayed in the window of their room as her husband was taken away from the kidnappers.
Worse, there is no information about Dadiyata’s whereabouts.
It is painful how their children keep asking their missing father, Kadija told the BBC.
In addition to looking for Dadiyata, Nigerian security agencies have continued to withdraw all the blame for his disappearance.
The Nigerian National Defence Department, until January, continued to refuse to detain Dadiyata.
The Department of National Security says that since Dadiyata was taken home by armed men it does not mean that they are members of the National Security Department.
Additionally, the attorney-general attorney-general attorney-general attorney-majority-majority-majority-majority-majority-majority-majority-majority-majority-majority-majority-majority-majority-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma-ma
Anyway it is ironic and narrow to believe that since he was kidnapped in Kaduna province then the provinciary government is responsible, he said.
However, the denial of the involvement of National Security and the government of Biya does not eliminate the stigma of Dadiyata's wife and their two children nor does it restore her freedom.
Prayers for Dadiyata's release continue on Twitter with the hashtag #A Single YearBilaDadiyata, a demand for his freedom from Nigerians.
Bulama Bukarti lamented the pain that piracy has caused Dadiyata's family:
It is surprising how a Nigerian could be disappearing like that.
We must continue to do all we can to unite Dadiyata and her family.
There is no place for such piracy.
Those who captured Dadiyata will come and pay the price.
If not now then it must be later.
The Twitter user took offense when he heard of Dadiyata's wife's interview:
I was shocked to hear Dadiyata's wife interrogate @bbchausa this morning.
The only thing she asks is that the kidnappers forgive her and let her husband come back to join her family, especially her small children.
Akin Akínt udahọ does not understand how Dadiyata may disappear without being missing for a year:
One question I ask myself is how Dadiyata and his car disappeared without leaving a mark for an entire year in Nigeria; and the government is not worried about it, rather than trying to clean up rather than looking for him because he was targeted by them for his criticism?
The unfortunate situation is like no one is bothered to find such a critic:
On the contrary, state and central government institutions are struggling to avoid blaming for not doing anything, said human rights activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu in an interview with Vyral Africa:
In addition to saying they don't know where he is, nobody has shown an effort to tell us what they have done to find him and how they should not be involved with him.
This shows you how useless we are like little citizens.
The least we can do is ask where is Dadiyata and why is our government not looking for her?
Students in Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed pirates stormed a high school in Kaduna, Northwestern Nigeria on August 24 and killed a man and kidnapped four students and a teacher online news source, SaharaReporters.
Armed men arrived and attacked the village of Damba-Kasaya in the government of Chikun district of Kaduna at 3.45 a.m. on a motorcycle andly killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer, according to a report from the offline Times.
The armed men headed to a high school in Prince where they captured Christianah Madugu and four students, Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His father Happy, Isiaka Odoji, told the Nigerian Daily Trust that the kidnappers are demanding 20 million Naira (USD $53,000) to release their children, but they are never able to gather that amount.
The kidnapped students were taking their primary education exam.
Because of the outbreak of the disease, only school graduates were allowed back to school.
The government and the province of Kaduna remained silent about the fate of the abducted students and their teachers.
A Common Day in Nigeria
Twitter user Ndi Kato said the incident is a national disappointment:
Today in the province of Biya, children in the upper class who were ordered to go to school have been abducted by armed men.
One person hasly been killed, a young man’s life has been cut short, and some have left with them and we will probably never see them again.
This should have perplexed any nation.
But it is still a regular day Nigeria lamented Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some of the students have been kidnapped in Kaduna, one of the boys killed during the incident.
The boy's life is cut short, it should have shocked the nation, but NO, this is a normal day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for inciting the public to sympathy and anger with the kidnapping of students:
The kidnapped Biya boys won't get the sympathy of Chibok girls because first the boys and second the Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ) is not the president.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was President, when 276 girls from government school were kidnapped by Boko Haram militants, from the northeastern city of Chifang in April 2014.
The kidnapping resulted in a world-wide process with the hashtag #Return Our Daughters, heard by millions of people online.
More: Nigerians Celebrat the return of 82 Chibok girls at the hands of Boko Haram
Also on February 19, 2018, Boko Haram kidnapped 110 female students from a school for girls in science and engineering in Dapchi, in the province of Yobe, northeastern Nigeria.
More: Girl Students kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria suspected of dying
The kidnapping of Damba- Kasaya students and their teacher is a horrible ordeal.
The only difference is that for now those who are responsible for this horrific incident are not Boko Haram but armed terrorists.
The Brutality of Biya’s Vikings
Terrorist violence erupted in northeastern Nigeria in the states of Zamfara, Biya, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS, an independent humanitarian organization, confirmed that the violence is not related to the Boko Haram uprising in the northeast:
The terrorist violence started as a conflict between ranchers and farmers in 2011 and escalated between 2017 and 2018 involving livestock theft, rape and murder.
As of March 2020 more than 210,000 people have been internally displaced.
Rural communities have survived on the liaison of pirates where between January and June this year 1,126 people from northern Nigeria were killed.
Southern Kaduna villages are the most attacked in which 366 people have been killed in the first half of the year, said the International Human Rights Agency.
Chikun LGA, the house of the kidnapped students has been subjected to attacks from militant groups which have led to kidnappings and deaths, as well as 45 communities who have fled their homes where they have been looted since 2009, according to a report by a coalition of people in South Kaduna.
The people of south Biya claim that the pirates are Fulani ranchers who are plotting to loot the land, backed by the state and central governments.
But the governor of Kaduna province Nasir El-Rufai refused the piracy to be linked to plagiarism or religious ideology.
On August 22, the government of Kaduna province ordered people not to leave from 6 pm until 6pm, when in some areas it is believed to be part of the government's strategy to end piracy.
However, a spokesperson for the Southern Kaduna People's Association, Luka Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people don't go to their farms, our people are hopeless.
Poet Henry Swapon and Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This combination is one of their photos widely circulated on social media.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their opinions on their Facebook pages.
The arrest has raised questions among the public on social networks.
Arrests of Poet Henry Swapon
On May 14, poet and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested in his home in Barishal, in the southern region of Bangladesh.
He has been accused of breaking Bangladesh's Internet Safety Act
A member of the small Christian community, Swapon originally sued himself and his brothers Alfred and Jewel Satkat for hurting the religious sentiments of Muslims and Christians on social media.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Swapan was arrested under a cyber security law!
#Free poet #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #FreeMaoni pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to the Dhaka Tribune, Swapon posted a Facebook post criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, Bishop of the Catholic Church at Barishal Archdiocese.
The bishop chose to hold a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on April 22, 2009, just a day after a terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
Swapon assumed that the Bishop would postpone the festival in honor of the lives of hundreds of people who perished in the attack.
Some Christians took offense at the Bishop's language and threatened to kill him.
Swapon has become an online public speaker denouncing all forms of abuse and corruption in his hometown.
Netizen Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, the strategy of attacking activists by accusing them of hurting religious sentiments has become common to Muslim leaders.
Now we see that even the conservative Christians have begun to use this tactic.
I think who hates this kind of criticism are mentally ill.
Let the government organize treatment for these patients.
We strongly denounce the arrest of poet Henry Swapon and demand his immediate release on no condition.
The Arrests of Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood
On the morning of May 15, the police arrested the Supreme Court lawyer and author Imtiaz Mahmud under a not currently enforced 2017 law, the Information, Communications and Technology Law, in which, a citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that some of Mahmood's publications on Facebook have hurt his religious sentiments and triggered a crime in the Southeast region of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Imtiaz Mahmood received bail for his first trial but Khagrachhari's court issued an order to be arrested again contrary to January 2009.
Mahmood reacted to the ethnic violence that followed the assassination of a Bengali motorcycle in Khagrachhari, causing a group of Bengalians to set fire to several houses and shops of Rangamati residents in Chittagong.
Local sources told the Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take any steps to stop it.
Hundreds of similar charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when the Information and Communication Act changed the Internet Safety Act.
Bangladesh suppressed social media.
Police held a second detention in two days under the Internet Safety Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested for a trial under the Information and Communication Act on Wednesday morning.
#FreeAgainstRape #ICTLaw https://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves the mountains and the people who live there.
They write about their rights.
I have never seen words of sedition in his writings.
There is something wrong. There is a big mistake.
I hope the mistakes will be corrected soon.
PS: I have seen so many posts on Facebook which contain profanity and discrimination.
If they are prosecuted today, will an arrest warrant be issued?
Many netizens have denounced the arrest of the two, demanding that the law be abolished.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
It's shameful.
The Bangladesh government is not capable of guaranteeing public safety but is trying to arrest people under a repressive Cyberspace law that is contrary to the spirit of the Bangladesh Constitution.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After poet Henry Swapon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (They were arrested).
Freedom of expression restricted.
I want all the violent laws abolished.
I want freedom of speech.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be immediately released.
Despite indicating that the law would restrict freedom of expression, the Bangladesh parliament passed the Internet Safety Act in September 2018.
The law replaced another repressive information and technology law, which was also used as a tool to silence online critics.
This law condemns some online conversations ranging from messages to hurtful conversations with religious values, also listing high fines.
It also allows long-term prison terms for cybercrimes causing social violence and for gathering, sending and storing information and government documents through digital services.
The Bangladesh Editor Council stated that the law violates the constitutional freedom, press freedom and freedom of expression.
Read more: Bangladesh Freedom of Expression activists say one Digital Security law is for the purpose of persecution
The law provides tremendous powers for law enforcement agencies to initiate surveillance on any whose activities are deemed to be harmful and threatening to safety.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudan Revolution, Sudanese transitional authorities signed a peace deal with The Sudan Revolutionary Front, a major rebel group that has continued to operate even after the ousting of its former leader Omar al-Bashir, last year.
This historic peace agreement was signed on August 31, in the city of Juba, South Sudan where it is supported by regional and international organizations such as the countries of Cyprus, the European Union, Egypt and some Gulf countries.
This excitement is also marred by the time of historic floods that have affected some parts of Sudan, leading to continued economic decline that had already failed.
Sudanese netizens, however, still celebrated the news online.
Sudanese blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we volunteer, go back home.
A video that shows the Serbian Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi announcing the deployment of weapons on December 16, 2009, in support of the revolutionary movement.
Mini Arko Minawi, the leader of SLMA, wrote:
Mini Arko Minawi.
Yesterday's signature will put Sudan in a new direction, both parties and the people of Sudan, organizations and social parties in collaboration with friends and neighboring regions.
We must create a solid platform for our country's new history.
Sudan's Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed the peace accord saying:
I am sending the peace that we have signed today in our Sudanese nation to our children who are born in exile and camps, to fathers and mothers who yearn for their villages and cities awaiting the glorious December revolution, a promise of return, a promise of justice and a promise of development and security.
The agreement guarantees the freedom of governance of the rebel groups in the areas they occupy under the supervision of the central government.
The agreement will ensure that one-third of the parliamentary seats belong to people from rebel sites to communicate their needs and concerns.
The agreement also guarantees justice and equality for those accused by the previous administration, mostly non-Muslims or non-Arabs.
This is not the first peace agreement in Sudan's history.
Some netizens argued that peace negotiations are a regular cycle in Sudan and can bring neither peace nor stability.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
An event that happens once every 5-9 years is not just a historical phenomenon.
Abuja Peace Agreement 2006
Doha Peace Agreement 2011
December 2020 Peace Agreement
Let's wait before celebrating
The Agreement Is Not Completed
Despite this exciting event, the two rebel groups have not signed this agreement. The SLMA group was led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the North Sudanese Freedom Movement (SPLM-N), led by Abdelaziz al-Hilu, both resigned due to the lack of answers to some of the questions about the military operations of the coalition and identity of the country.
Three days after signing the peace agreement the Prime Minister of Sudan traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet al-Hilu to discuss the conflict according to Sudan's resolution
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to alleviate barriers to peace talks by the South Sudanese government.
The gathering led to the signing of a treaty that would ensure the respect for peace negotiations held in Juba.
Sudanese social media shut down with the distribution of a copy of the petition in English, with emphasis on Section 3 on religion and nationality issues:
A democratic state must be established in Sudan.
For Sudan as a democratic state where the rights of all persons are respected, the constitution should be based on secularism and a nation where personal rights are respected.
Freedom of faith and worship and religious activities should be granted to all Sudanese citizens.
Let the government not put on the religion of the State, let no one be discriminated against because of his religion.
Sudanese citizens are divided into two groups on this issue: the first group considers separating citizenship and religion fundamental in terms of human rights; the second group considers that the transitional government is not authorized to decide on the issue without the permission of citizens through democratic elections.
After the meeting, the Prime Minister's Twitter page published a copy of the contract in Arabic whose content differed from the content of an English-language version.
While in English the emphasis has been placed on showing that it is impossible to separate religion from nation, the Arabic language version suggests a discussion on this controversial issue.
The differences in the two copies have raised a lot of questions about the impact of this agreement.
The Historic Peace, the Historic Flood
While peace brings happiness to Sudan, the Nile continues to flood with unexpected human tragedies.
According to a September 8th report by the National Defence Council, as a result of the flooding were 103 deaths, 50 injuries, 5,482 deaths, 27341 homes completely demolished and 42,210 homes damaged, 119 government buildings and private institutions damaged, 359 shops and warehouses damaged and 4,208 acres of crop damaged by the flooding.
YouStorm on Twitter shared a video comparing the runoff of Nile on July 16 and August 16:
A flooded river Nile in Sudan on July 16 against August 30 #Sentinel2 in North Khartoum.
Created with the #EOBroandes @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LR NBFY9m
On September 3, the governor of the province of S装, Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman declared a state of emergency on his Facebook page:
The Nile River's rise this night is due to heavy rains that have resulted in a violent breakdown of protective walls and barricades, a small dam made up of bags filled with soil from the city of Singa and the areas of Umm Benin, and water has begun to flow in towns and residential areas.
We therefore give directions to all governmental and private agencies to come out and help rescue citizens as soon as possible and provide them with shelter, food and medical care.
The situation is horrible:
This post is part of our special coverage of the Nile Region. This post is part of our special coverage of the Nile Region.
Young Sudanese from the island of Tuti built a wall to prevent the flood waters from entering their island.
It was a heroic act, narrated Hassan Shaggag:
These are the ones who will build Sudan..and they are the ones who are running for power now.
Sudanese citizens lack basic necessities such as bread, gas, medicine and electricity – after six hours of power cuts a day.
Sudanese currency collapse now exceeds 202, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, the transitional government has not managed yet to govern the market.
Now there is a promise of peace, what exactly is the government’s strategy to simplify the lives of citizens?
Student leader Jutatip Sirikhan covered in white as a sign of strike after his release.
Photo and caption from Prachatai
This post is from Prachatai, an independent news source in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a content-sharing agreement.
Thai Student Union President Jutatip Sirikhan was arrested on his way to college on September 1, because of his participation in a massive July 18 protest.
Jutatip was arrested in a car on his way to a classroom at Thammasat University kampus Tha Prachan in Bangkok.
He entered a businessman on his Facebook page on 7:40 p.m. on September 1, when civilian soldiers stopped the taxi he had climbed and showed him a warrant for arrest.
Jutatip was taken to the police station in lSamranrat.
A police officer accompanied him to the township in another taxi because he didn’t feel safe to board a private vehicle with the soldiers who came to arrest him.
He continued to be a businessman on his Facebook page, reading a section on common knowledge translated into Thai by Thomas Paine.
He was taken to Bangkok Criminal Court and bailed and released at 11.20 p.m. under the care of a lecturer from the University of Thammasat.
The court did not demand that he immediately pay 100,000 baht (US$3,194) for bail, but he was stipulated that he should not repeat the charges under which those conditions were given to each individual detained and released.
Jutatip is the 14th activist to be arrested for taking part in a massive July 18 protest.
15 other participants in the protest received a call and to the Samranrat police station to hear their trial on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with sedition, a violation of the Emergency Commandment and the Infectious Disease Act, among other charges.
Jutatip came out of the criminal court after his release and held a short press conference.
Colour can be refined, but we cannot refined violence
I didn't plan to run since then.
I knew that I had an arrest warrant
and I have been waiting for a long time to be arrested, but it did not happen until today.
Every time one person is arrested, there must be some bad words that we did not march in peace.
I am a student and have been harassed by the police for months, for years.
Why is there no compensation for me?
Why is there a ransom for the police who are dictators?
There should have been calls first, but what happened was that the police came with a warrant to arrest me.
It is a severe mistreatment of the student.
They found me by tracking my phone contacts from my place of residence.
They threatened people at my house, my family and they sent me a arrest warrant so now we have to intensify our protests.
Everything is according to the constitution.
We pay our taxes, we have to be protected by the government not harassed by the government.
So today, I have expressed myself by pointing out that we can do this.
We must stand for our rights and freedoms.
painting oneself is also something that can be done.
Jutatip then poured a white bucket on his body, holding his hand up and holding out three fingers of Hunger' salute.
He said white represents cleanliness and justice, and they demand justice.
We show that this is fair, this is a kind of example that we can do.
Even if it is painting ourselves now, it is a way of showing that we can paint ourselves at any time.
We can pour out the colors on those in authority because they criminalize us and shoot us at any time they don't care, because they have authority.
Colour can be refined but discrimination cannot be refined.
After that, Jutatip thanked the lecturer who had bailed him with supporters and helped the crowd clean up the paint on foot in front of the court.
We will not stop fighting until we win everything, including the Kingdom amendments and the new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screenshot from a YouTube video, by VideoBasunteers.
This post was written by Grace Jolliffe and originally by Video Volunteers, the award-winning international networking group and its headquarters is India.
A sub-edited edition has been published below as part of a content-sharing agreement.
As India passes through a seven-term general election period ranging from 11 April to 19 May 2019, to elect its seventh Legislative Assembly (Lok Sabha), some Indian voters have taken unusual responsibility for boycotting the electoral activities.
Read More: All you want to know about the 2018 Indian general elections
In Goa, a South Indian state, residents of a small village in the sub-city of Cancona (constitutional district), the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 during the third term of the general elections arguing that the government has become the problem being in their village.
Their main concern is that the needs and services such as good roads and clean and safe water services have never been provided by the government.
A video by social media broadcaster Devidas Gaonkar, a native of the Velip ranchers ethnicity, showing the protest of the villagers:
In this video, Pandheb Gaonkar, a resident of Marli village, said that:
From Tirwal to Marlem is only three kilometers away but it is not complete.
To this day no action has been taken by the authorities.
They just give us false promises there is no fulfillment.
And for that reason, then, we have not voted.
Marlem village residents have been living in the village for over 20 years now.
In 1968, the forestry department declared Marlem village a safe haven for wildlife.
This makes the construction of roads or any development work in the region difficult to implement.
According to reports, a plan to pass the electricity trunk in order to reach the area was passed but recently blocked due to opposition from the National Forest Department
Another source of concern for the residents is the lack of good roads.
A person has to travel from the highway at 2.8km in a bad and unclean road to find the first home in Marlem village.
Finally, supply of electricity and safe water to villagers remains a challenge to the villagers.
Despite regularly making their complaints public, but unable to meet their needs, Marlem residents and residents from two other villages refused to vote to draw the authorities' attention to their concerns.
The staff of the Electoral Commission came out to talk to us about our decision not to vote and our position is the same, adds Pandheb.
Isidore Fernandes, the leader of the opposition from the Indian National Congress and a member of parliament in Cancona, also met local residents.
After listening to their grievances, he assured them that he would help them deal with the situation.
It is important for any government to create roads, supply electricity and water for its people.
So far all government officials have neglected to provide these services in the village of Marlem, Fernandes said.
The boycotting of the elections has now become a form of strike, though voting is not mandatory in India.
Different from the village of Goa, the villages in Central State Madhya Pradesh, the western state of Maharashtra, and the eastern province of Photoshop have been using this tactic to bring their important matters to the attention of the leaders of the authorities.
However, none of these strikes have been taken seriously by the government.
Many voters have become accustomed to using this tactic as a gesture of anger to politicians and government officials who turn to the communities they have lost during the elections in hopes of getting their votes, failing to fulfill their promises after the elections.
But finally, if the boycotting of elections does not change society, what will the community do to draw the attention of authorities who need to hear their voices and take action?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Credit: caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while covering the military crisis in the northern region of Mozambique, were released without charge on April 23, 2016.
Amade, who has been contributing news to distant sources including Zitamar News and A Carta, was arrested on January 5 during an interview with local refugees from the district of Macomia in the northern province of Cabo Delgado.
Germano, a member of the community radio station Nacedje, disappeared on February 6 and was found in detention on February 18, respectively.
According to reports from the South African Media Federation (MISA), Amade and Zilano were charged with spreading news of defamation to some of the leaders of the Mozambican Civil Army through their Facebook pages, where they announced the beginning of clashes in the Macomia district.
The journalists were released from Mieze Prison in Pemba, the headquarters of Cabo Delgado and are in detention while awaiting trial in the local judge's court in Cabo Delgado.
The trial is scheduled for the first hearing on May 17.
Since 2017, armed groups like knives have been attacking the villages of Cabo Delgado, burning houses and slaughtering residents.
More than 90 people have been killed since the attack began according to police reports.
So far no group has come out publicly to acknowledge responsibility for the attacks.
In December 2018 the newspaper A Carta de Moçambique confirmed the existence of a Facebook page, with an apparently fake name where it praises the attacks by armed groups in Cabo Delgado
It is unclear whether the charges against Amade and Germano are linked to the page.
The advocacy team of the journalists says there is no connection with the page or other crimes committed on Facebook pages.
The charges against these journalists are controversial.
After Amade was arrested, the police put him in the custody of the Civil Army.
He was put in a military prison where he spent 12 days without any contact and then transferred to a civil prison.
The journalists were charged on April 16th, a violation of the 90-day deadline, in violation of Mozambique's detention law, in the case of Abubacar.
In the continuation of the trial during the detention period, both journalists were charged with covering state secrets on social media and influencing the public through digital media.
These charges are in line with the initial charges against them, where MISA interpreted them as spreading a message of defamation to some of the leaders of the Mozambican national army through a Facebook page that blocked the attacks on the villages in the Macomia district.
During his 106 days in prison, Abubacar experienced food shortages and medical negligence, according to a report from Human Rights Watch (Amnesty International).
His family told @Verdade that they were blocked from visiting Abubacar throughout his detention period.
What happened to these journalists is part of the continued harassment of media workers in northern Mozambique.
Independent Investigative Journalist Estácio Valoi was also arrested in December 2018, in Cabo Delgado for unclear legal grounds.
He was later released without charge, but his tools remained in the hands of the military.
A Right Call
Cídia Chissungo, an activist and activist for the #AmedeAwekweHuru campaign, celebrated the news saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GeneralanoAdriano are finally free after being detained for 4 months.
We really celebrate but we will never forget how everything started out.
We have long said that: Journalism is not a crime.
Thank you for supporting us in
Angela Quintal, manager of the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), the African region said:
Now it is to ensure that the charges are dropped away and #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalistic career without fear of arrest.
The fact is that he has endured to be detained without trial for 106 days before bail, not courtesy.
He deserves no charge!
Image of Iranian Revolution leader Imamu Khomeini in a wall of a building in Sancana, in the Iranian capital city Kurdistan seen through a window.
Photo by Joan Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman described them as a model for people who love to explain local culture to people from other communities.
The idea is based on a system that has taken root in Global Voices and describes huge work and social culture.
Since our work aims to support the divide between the external views on Iran and the real one within the country, Global Voices Iran has started a series of interviews with an Iranian linguist and writers who will do so.
These interviews will be held to understand how and how these individuals have done their work through explaining Iran to the Iranian community despite the difficulties and complexities in explaining.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are increasing
Golnaz Esfandiari is a senior broadcaster at Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few reporters who are outside Iran writing in English about the problems and challenges of Iranian society and politics.
Photo used with permission from Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, Bridge of English-language engineering
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Officials are acknowledging this and I also see so many people in the country using social media.
I think that since 2009, social media usage has increased significantly.
Some Iranians have told me they have joined Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Iranian Twitter Revolution.
Social media is helping to engage in dialogue and share content that is prohibited or ashamed of and people are discussing openly.
People also often criticize the government's policies and opinions on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Nikwejad: You need to be a journalist, psychologist, professor and read the thoughts of people at the same time
Iranian news investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, founder of Tehran Institute, is an aid source for The Guardian that writes about Iran and Iranians in the Diaspora.
The project is one of the leading sources that give a different perspective on the country in terms of politics, culture and people.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Nikvejad and used with permission.
Read more: How Kelly Golnoush Nikvejad's Tehran Institute connects Iran to the West.
In a pessimistic view of Iranian people against Iran, he explained:
When it comes to Iran, I always find myself back in 1979 and describe the changes that took place decades after decades to make sense for the present.
Sometimes it is very difficult even Iranians themselves to understand what is happening in Iran at the moment and not Iranians.
This shows how important it is to overshadow Iran, putting it in a special direction the lives of ordinary people.
Reaching the country by providing information only by academic and authoritarian authorities doesn’t matter much or much to us as journalists.
That's why even the most sensitive people who follow the news don't understand the basics of Iran.
It is true if they follow reports from the Tehran Institute then they will get a very different perspective.
Nina Ansary: I hope women will be at the forefront of any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is the author of the God-righteous Jewelry: Untold About Women in Iran, the first book to write about the equal attitude of women in politics from the late 19th century until now.
Cover of the book The Writers of God
The book explains how women have been able to build the current history of Iran and how they continue to do so, while working on establishing the fundamental principles of their rights and equality in communities that have systematically oppressed them.
Read more: Conversation With Iranian Women’s Equality Journalist Nina Ansary on the Eve of Change in the Country
Ansary said that she had a positive view of Iran's tomorrow and the role of a woman in it:
and because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists didn't get a clear answer: women were not allowed to be judges but now serve as spy judges.
Women were not allowed to study certain disciplines, but over the years they have been able to penetrate the disciplines that were dominated by more men such as medicine and engineering.
With great caution I am looking forward to what is positive, but I hope women will be at the forefront of any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a black and white picture but Iran is not.
It's like a rainbow.
With over 800 articles related to Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is The Guardian's first volunteer chief reporter to write about Iran and is one of the few Iranians hired by the major English-language news company.
Photo used with Saeed Kamali Dehghan's permission.
Most of his reports are about human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a telephone interview, the main problem for Western media is that they see Iran as a black and white image but Iran is not.
Iran is like a Rainbow, colorful
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing for Iran in The Guardian
In the face of difficulties writing about the country to which he is emotionally attached, Saeed explains that:
As an Iranian I have my feelings for the country, but when I write about it I try to sit down a bit to get rid of bias.
But I am allowed to express my thoughts while covering the facts and have been doing something similar.
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this led the then foreign minister on Twitter to accuse me of being used by Iranian authorities.
I have been attacked by some people who have accused me of serving Iranians and others accused me of serving Britain.
I believe this is a sign that I am doing my job properly.
Omid Memarian: Converting your anger to something constructive and indifferent is an art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist based in New York.
Omid Memarian is a long-time reader in Iran and now works in the US and has been covering Iran with both English and Persian languages.
Our interviews sought to understand the differences in writing stories about Iran to Iranian linguists different from his experience as an internal and external journalist in Iran.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his experience of writing and reporting to the Iranian community as follows:
There were and still people inside Iran who believe in empowering social, political parties and press freedom, a Muslim government can gradually change from within.
On the other hand, there are other forces fighting to prove that this is impossible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that nobody dares to stay active.
When I insisted on continuing to do what I was doing, writing encouragingly about my beliefs I was arrested and put in jail.
Hooman Majd: Iran is not unique: the only thing here is that most people don't know much about Iran.
We are now on the road to a return to US foreign policy.
In the weeks leading up to Obama's regime, the United States is more likely to step down from its long-standing reconciliation project with its long-standing enemy, Iran's Islamic republic.
In the Donald Trump presidential rhetoric that shows will be unique in a harsh and cruel shadow, I think it's time to sit down with journalists and author Hooman Majd.
His books, articles and publications describe the Iranian rhetoric that has widely appeared in the US media in the Bush era, when brutality against the Iranian government became the dominant mark of the early 2000s in foreign policy and media outlook on Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as Iran's voice to the West.
Photo of Majd by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: Conversation with Hooman Majd, the bridge between Iranian and American media.
If Iranian misconceptions have brought a lesson from his book in 2008 aimed at challenging Iranian society's misconceptions to American readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first to be public to the media, which is the first source of negative news.
But Iranians of American descent and Iranians of European descent have written a lot about their culture in recent times, and there are numerous movements between Iran and the US between Iranians of American descent and Iranians of ethnic descent.
Now they understand a bit better and there are a lot of books.
Iran is not the only riddle: but the only thing is that most people don't know much about Iran.
Protesters in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon.What Photo: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NINJA/ Used with Permission
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians took to the streets in all 26 states protesting the Bolsonaro government to cut funds for education and affect hundreds of schools and colleges.
At the end of April, the Brazilian government announced a 30 percent cut on what is said to be the budget for water, electricity, general operations and research expenses.
When it comes to a total government budget for higher education, these gaps can be up to three or five percent.
However, the government has canceled the sponsorship of the 3,500 state-sponsored high school students.
From Paulista Street in São Paulo, the centre of the traditional protest to the indigenous farms of Alto Rio Negro, near the border with Colombia, people went out in defence of public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of about 5,000 people marched in umbrellas with heavy rains.
Aerial screenshot of a massive group of protesters in Paulista Street in São Paulo protesting the currency of education and scientific research. #15M #TodosPelaéléção #Tsunamidazulção #NaRuaPelazulção #MarchaPelaCiência pic.twitter.com/BmHEYBuF9F
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads05/05/WhatsApp-online/09-15-at-21.30.mp4
Brazil has 69 public schools and a large number of government universities and all of them offer a free undergraduate and postgraduate degree without paying fees and certain services such as legal consulting offices and hospitals.
Initially, the cut was to be held in three colleges but the baadayr was extended to all other colleges.
The Bolsonaro education minister, Abraham Weintraub said that it is not shortcuts but expenses.
Weintraub explained that there are shortcomings because public colleges are as part of the destruction.
When asked by the journalists to explain examples of the destructionWhen mentioned the presence of massive social gatherings in the community and the presence of nude celebrations.
Weintraub was appointed Minister in April after his predecessor was removed for his involvement in some of the conflicts.
The new minister has always commented on the right-wing policy of whether drugs were introduced in Brazil as a communist strategy, and is seeking to eradicate the culture of Marxism.
Some university officials have argued that the cut could prevent them from opening their doors early in the second 2018.
The public prosecutor's office has sent a statement to the attorney-general complaining that it is a violation of the Brazilian constitution.
Rio de Janeiro looks Good!
Hundreds and thousands are holding Avenida Presidente Vargas at night.com/when they go in against the budget of Education and Science. #15M #TodosPelaéléção #Tsunamidazulção #NaRuaPelazulção pic.twitter.com/8MIn91crKX
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who study WhatsApp groups in Brazil have found many conversations through the app, especially after the budget cuts were announced.
The research has created an application that will scrutinize WhatsApp groups and will be used widely by an organization involved in the digging of facts in Brazil.
Leading researcher fabrício Benevuto on May 8 on his Facebook page said :
[Photograph included ] colorless photos/published events because of the headlines and themes.
There are photos of naked people at the ceremony (who are not even in sight) and a number of jokes from protesters that say it takes 12 years for students to graduate because they are peddling drugs full-time.
This is clearly a purpose.
In the same style as the electoral campaign.
Who sponsors this fake factory?
An article on Ciência and Rua (Science on the streets in Portuguese) claims that public colleges produce 95 percent of Brazilian scientific research.
A study conducted by Cambodians from the US at Clarivate Analytics in 2018, suggests that out of 20 of the best research productive colleges, 15 are part of the government's network.
On the day of the protest, Minister Weintraub was called out to comment on the budget cuts in the lower House of Congress.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of Love and Courage #TsunamiDaEducacao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro was later in Texas in the US where he met former US President George W. Bush.
When asked about the protest, the president said:
It's normal, now, most of the people there are headless attacks.
If they ask the 7th answer 8 times, they don't know.
If they know how to ask about water structure they won't know, they don't know anything.
They are silly and stupid and useful and have been exploited by a few deceitful people who lead a number of Brazilian public schools.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime has double-burden experiences while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Screenshot from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwitware Call on YouTube.
In Uganda, female journalists who are using digital media to report, comment and obtain information face attacks and harassment because they are investigating and publishing sensitive political content.
Online violence has become a new control strategy.
Women journalists are carrying double the burden of gender-related harassment online including threats related to covering political news.
These ongoing threats have led female journalists to withdraw from public discourse and leave journalism more dominated by men
Read More: The Cost of having a different opinion: Uganda's social media monster
Joy Doreen Biira, a journalist.
Photo by Zuluzi via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who worked on Kenyan private TV, the Kenyan Television Network, returned home to Uganda for a cultural event.
While Missira was in her residence, the Ugandan security forces clashed with the Rwenzururu Kingdom guards in the Rwenzori region of western Uganda, and their palace was set ablaze by fire.
The gunfire killed 62 people, including 16 policemen.
Ms Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms
It is so sad what I witnessed today with my own eyes in part of the Kingdom Hall in my hometown, the Rwenzururu Kingdom, burning.
I felt as if I were watching an inheritance destroyed in front of my eyes.
On the same day, Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms
He also posted an Instagram video of the palace burning and posted his story on Facebook, CPJ's report said.
Ugandan security forces allegedly forced Ms. Miss to delete publications on social media and her digital media were confiscated, according to a 2018 Freedom House report.
Ms Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms
However, one day later, he was released on bail.
Ms Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. Ms. FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime
The netizen accused Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni of silencing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni should stop the silence of journalists.
That act is a serious human rights violation in our continent.
Biira’s advocate, Nicholas Opiyo, published a tweet highlighting her official suit:
A copy of Joyan's bail on terrorism charges!
#journalism (journalism) is not a crime @KTivetenya @KTivetenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that Mrs. Mrs. Miss's case was dismissed and deleted in March 2017 after the regime investigated and lacked evidence to charge her.
Like many other cases like this, one lays a burden on the soul but remains sensitive to violence, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, also executive director of Chapter Four Uganda, a human rights organization.
Opiyo added that staying behind bars for days and suffering the pain of being arrested is a feeling that never goes away.
Online shootings
Women journalists affected by cyberbullying rarely have rights, and they often find it difficult to make sure their complaints are taken seriously and examined appropriately.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitware, a NTV Uganda television host, defended Stella Nyanzi, an academic activist who criticized the Museveni regime for not fulfilling the promises of a campaign to distribute sodo to poor girls.
The authorities forced Uwitware to delete her Twitter and Facebook posts in support of Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and was abducted by anonymous people for about eight hours, according to Uganda's 2017. Human Rights Report.
The kidnappers allegedly questioned her relationship with Nyanzi, beat her badly and even cut her hair.
Read more: Is a woman’s nudity a bad word?
Women activist Stella Nyanzi continues her fight in court
Uwitware was later found at a police station in Kampala.
However, the regime has not yet provided any information about the investigation of his kidnapping.
Political journalists especially those who regularly reflect opposition politics experience more threats than those who reflect other issues.
But female journalists are even worse because the government believes they are weak and vulnerable, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, the Secretary for Media Safety and Human Rights of the UN, who spoke to Global Voices on WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to online sexual harassment, female journalists are afraid to put themselves behind bars and some say they end up suffering from it, Anthony said.
It happens that female journalists suffer more psychological damage, violations of their privacy, disruption of their identity, reduction in freedom of movement, control, and loss of property due to their work, according to a UNESCO study on freedom of expression in Africa published in 2018.
And, according to the Human Rights Network for Journalists in Uganda 2018, 12 percent of female journalists have experienced injustice and violations, including death threats and arrests.
Three quarters of female journalists have experienced injustice in the hands of government officials such as police, district officials and security officers.
Attacks and harassment
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has faced attacks and harassment while working as a female reporter.
Photo via Bahati Remmy's Paydesk account, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan journalist currently working in the US, told Global Voices that she stopped working as a journalist in Uganda because she felt lost interest after an alarming incident while covering the election in Uganda in 2016.
Ugandan police arrested Remmy while broadcasting on private NBS TV to highlight the detention of the home of the main opposition leader Dr.Kizza Besigye in the town of Kasangati.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police stopped the press from shedding light on Besigye.
The police grabbed my breasts in their car, stripped me naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also followed and harassed by a police officer on Facebook because the Ugandan government thought he had collaborated with Besigye to corrupt the country's image.
He told Global Voices that a message from anonymous people was left at his door threatening to capture him if he refused to confide in Besigye's route from his home.
Following the arrest case of Remmy, the Uganda Journalists' Human Rights Network organized a referendum to assess the realities of the case.
They asked: Ugandan police alleged that NBS TV reporter Bahati Remmy violated legal instructions and also prevented police from doing their work to arrest him.
Do you agree?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a weak and fake reason because there is a videotape of how Bahati was arrested.
Police should stop directing their problems to journalists.
Davide Lubraawa wrote:
Anyone who tries to know people about the state of the nation should be arrested.
A major problem is coming up in Uganda very soon.
What upsets me is that whoever tries to make a statement that doesn't support the current regime is deemed rebellious therefore the people of Uganda must go out.
Many female journalists in Uganda have left the media profession, especially those that criticize the government for fear of being attacked and harassed by the regime.
Journalists have explained that governments and security forces call editors and order them not to publish news that gives the government a negative impression.
These attacks are not especially by women, which makes it difficult to understand the real depth of the problem.
Remmy dragged the Ugandan government to the Uganda Human Rights Commission, but today, nothing has worked on his case.
The commission lacks the freedom to make decisions on the part of those who file complaints against the government.
Seven of his members, including his chairman, are elected by the president, with the permission of the Parliament.
They are biased, Remmy said, adding: They have multiple cases, and most of the cases they want to hear are submitted by the government.
Many of the threats to female journalists online are closely related to the attacks against them on the Internet.
Remmy believes that the rights, status and status of women journalists should always be taken into account because attacks against women are suppressing the journalism sector in general.
When Uganda is preparing for presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, the attacks and harassment of women journalists and the government should stop because it affects access to information, freedom of expression and the democratic rights of Ugandans.
Journalist freedom remains a neglected child in the country's system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post is part of a series called Identity Judgment: A platform to regulate online threats to freedom of expression in Africa, This publication questions prejudices based on identifiable or geographical backgrounds, misinformation and harassment (has against female activists and journalists) that went viral in seven African countries: Algeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Sudan, Tunisia and Uganda.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation of the Organization for International Economic Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
The roots of trees stuck on a 15th-century wall in Kilwa Island, Tanzania.
In 1981, the ruins of the strong Swahili sultan on the island were declared the UNESCO World Heritage site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
Hint of the editor: This personal post was written following a Twitter campaign by Global Voices in Sub-Saharan Africa in collaboration with the Rising Voices Project each week, a different linguistic activist shared his thoughts on the integration of digital rights and African Languages as part of a project, Matricane identity: Threat of suppression of free expression in Africa.
According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), the diversity of languages and cultures plays a critical role for people around the world in promoting community unity and solidarity.
This linguistic and cultural diversity pushed the UNESCO General Assembly to announce International Mother Language Day (IMLD) in November 2009, a date commemorated on February 21 each year.
To strengthen the IMLD, the United Nations (UN) declared the International Year of Indigenous Languages (IYIL 2019,), in light of the threats to the destruction of indigenous languages worldwide.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken worldwide, 28 percent of them spoken in Africa alone.
Despite this, English is leading online in the region.
Twenty years ago, 80 percent of the world's content online was based on English.
Currently, however, English content is said to drop to a level ranging from 51 to 55.
The controversial question, therefore, is: does this decline indicate that people now prefer their native languages to English, considering that only less than 15 percent of the world’s population speaks English as their first language?
Swahili: Seed’s Coming?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), aside from Angolan, Portuguese, French, Spanish and Arabic.
Swahili is also the widely used language of member states of the Eastern African Community (EAC).
Rwanda, a member state of the EAC, through its lower assembly, passed a scheme to make Swahili an official language in 2017 besides Kinyarwanda, French and English.
Despite being used for administrative purposes, Swahili will be included in the country's educational course.
In Uganda, in September 2009, the government approved the establishment of the National Swahili Council.
Article 6 (2) of the Constitution of Uganda also specifies that Swahili will be the second official language in Uganda and will be used in as many circumstances as the Parliament can establish by law.
In 2018, South Africa, a country of 11 official languages, developed Swahili as a voluntary lesson in its course, starting in 2002.
In 2009, the South African Development Community (SADC) adopted Swahili as its fourth official language.
Brittle Swahili Swahili Online
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2009, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Despite being the most widely spoken African language, with 150 million people in East Africa, the main lakes region, southern Somalia, and other regions of southern Africa, the online Swahili presence is limited.
John Walubengo, a lecturer at the University of Multimedia in Kenya, analyzes in a post at Nation, a daily newspaper in Kenya, that the lack of language and culture online creates a worldly society.
Walubengo explains that many indigenous cultures end up sharing their identity with English-language practices.
This sad reality can be changed however only if indigenous communities are determined to preserve their identity both online and offline, he says.
However, not all is disappointing.
There are a number of organizations that have volunteered to advance and promote Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), an international multi-party organization that coordinates the Internet Names System (DNS), Internet addresses (IP) and free system numbers, established International Group Names (IDNs), which enable people to use the names of groups in indigenous languages and texts. In fact, they are based on characters from different texts, such as Arabic, Chinese, or dialect.
These characters are then mined by Unicode and used as permitted by the IDN, the set of standards set out by the IAB, and its small corporate groups; the IETF Work Commission and the Research Commission of the Internet (IRTF).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is a community of leaders in the field, co-founded by the ICANN, which creates an online community for the next billion netizens.
This is achieved through a process known as Global Acceptance (UA), which ensures that software and web systems address all top quality groups (TLDs) and emails according to them in a consistent way including those in non- Latin texts and those in more than three characters.
UA serves netizens around the world in their native languages and with the names of regions that identify their culture.
So, to develop a multilingual network.
ICANNWiki
This unprofitable organization, which offers a community-sponsored website on the ICCANN and Internet Administration, has long collaborated with organizations, educational institutions and individuals in Kenya and Tanzania.
This has enabled East Africans to build, translate and increase the resources of the Week with their vision, language and perspective.
The Swahili project with which I have been able to engage as a writer formally has bridged the information gap surrounding the administration of the Internet by embracing the content of the ICANNWiki to promote participation in targeted communities.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, an international community of volunteers who promote the translation and integration of usage guidelines and digital security devices such as TOR, Signal, OONI, Psiphon.
These technologies focus on security, privacy, and hiding by ensuring that indigenous language activists are ensuring access to information online.
Localization Lab has translated over 60 instruments into 180 different languages around the world,
Remove Community Network (KCN)
KCN network is the first community to experiment with TV wave technology, a non-connected and wireless technology that uses unused radio waves within 470 to 790 mmm to solve the problem of regional internet connectivity in Tanzania.
KCN teaches villagers to create and host the most beneficial natural materials and their context.
Conflict Jabhera, founder of the KCN and assistant lecturer at Yanga University, Tanzania, told Global Voices via Skype, that he believes the original content provides an incentive for people on the Internet to join the internet because they understand their origins [ ] compared to the current situation when most of the content is available in English.
The next billion netizens
The world hopes to connect the next billion users online and an estimated 17 million of these users are online using languages as their digital identity.
Therefore, the lack of natural content may have a profound effect given to digital integration.
It will harm digital rights in particular, access to the Internet, access to information online, and the right to use their original languages to create, share, and share information and knowledge online.
It is therefore necessary to set strategies to develop the development of TEHAMA programs and services, as well as the use of indigenous languages, to ensure digital integration for all.
This initiative, accompanied by innovative efforts such as the availability of teaching and learning materials, and rural TEHAMA literacy programs, can trigger a digital revolution, thereby fostering the digital rights of users and bridging the digital divide.
Ultimately, this process will speed up the protection, respect and development of all African and online minor languages as upheld in the African Declaration on Internet and Freedom.
The Mantic Identification Project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation (CIPESA) run by the Organization for International Economic Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (ICIPESA)
TEDGlobal Internet room.
Creative Commons photo by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, through its Sub-Saharan Africa authors in collaboration with the Rising Voices project will conduct a Twitter campaign as part of a project called Identification: a platform to regulate online threats to free expression in Africa, from April 20 to May 22, 2016.
Read more: Matric Identity': A new country for Digital Rights in Africa
As a continuation of Journalism to Freedom: Politics and Digital Rights in Africa, this five-week social media campaign to mobilize the public will feature the debate organized by @GVSSAfrica involving five African language activists, who will highlight the equality of languages and digital rights.
The project is financed by the African Digital Rights Foundation (CIPESA) and the Cooperation of International ICT Policy for East and South Africa (ICIPESA).
Global Voices is one of the beneficiaries of the funding.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Bambara,Igbo,Khozule,Nassanuu, Swahili, Yorù基本, as well as French and English.
They will also share their experiences and personal knowledge from a linguistic point of view about the challenges that threaten digital rights.
The discussion will question how the threat of online neutrality affects online content in African languages; the spread of fake information in African languages online and what companies or social organizations do about this; the impact of the lack of affordable internet in areas with major African language speakers; the importance and challenges of access to information in African digital languages.
They will also highlight the issue of corporate policies, as well as the ongoing challenges that can affect how citizens express themselves freely in their language.
Meet the speakers of the debate on Twitter
This tweet discussion will be presented by Denver Toroxa Breda (khoélée/ki-Nassanuu/ingereza) from Asia Asia, Adé Sengínà Ghani Ayẹni (ki-Yoráchách/ki- Ingereza) from Nigeria, Kpénahi Traoré (ki-Bambara/ki-Faransa) from Burkina Faso, Roseblossom ozurumba (ki-Igbo/ki-angereza) from Nigeria and Bonface Witaba (ki-Swahili/ki-angereza) from Kenya.
Some of the participants participated in the online campaign @DigiAfricanLang to mark the International Year of Indigenous Languages 2007.
April 20-25: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a speaker of Kikhoe, whose culture is Kuwiri or an activist, is a writer who fights for the establishment of the Ethiopian and Ethiopian languages, the first two languages in South Africa.
slogans are spoken in Namibia, read in schools, but in South Africa, where they are the roots, only 2,000 people are speaking, not the official language, not in schools.
The Tanzanian language has only one speaker, not an official language, in schools, and is an endangered language.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used with permission.
April 25-May1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but originated in Burkina Faso.
He is the senior editor of RFI mandenkan, a Cambara language newsroom at Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in the Cambara language.
He previously thought it would be impossible to practice journalism in the Cambara language.
Kisamogo was Traoré's mother language, although she had the Kidioula language in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
Mali calling them Kibambara, Guinees call them Kimalinke, others called them Mandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom ozurumba (@blossomozurumba)
Blossom ozurumba.
Photo used with permission.
Ozurumba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from Igbo to mean the good one.
Ozurumba enjoys the language and culture of Igbo and is committed to making sure that a number of people learn to speak, write and read.
ozurumba is the founder of a Creative Commons group and occasionally may initiate a conversation about Wikimedia Foundation without being pressured.
She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the calm and sensation of the city's treadmill.
May 11-15: materi materialized Yoò装 (@yobamoodua)
Adé Fazínà Ayẹni.
Photo used with permission
Adé Fazínà Ayẹni, also known as統統 Yoòlenia, is a journalist and cultural activist who uses his journalistic work to promote the preservation, and dissemination of the heritage of the Kiyorù online and offline ethnic heritage.
As a vocal artist, he has produced a lot of Korean broadcasts on Nigerian radio and TVC campaigns.
He is the founder of the Yobamoodua Cultural Heritage, a platform dedicated to the spread of the languages and cultures of the Kyorùraa.
造造 Yoò装 is also the linguistic manager of the Global Voices website Yor cay.
She is a Korean language teacher at tribalingua.com where she teaches students from many other places around the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer translators and netizens, software makers, and mediators who work together to translate and reconnect digital security devices and Internet shutdowns.
造造 Yoòlenia has produced a book entitled: Répyà Ara Rép É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É É Éééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééééé
He is a research partner at Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-25: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
Thumbnail writer, natural content creator and activist, trainer, researcher, and consultant on online governance and policy issues.
He is the founder of the ICANNWiki Swahili, a dictionary site with the purpose of developing, translating, articles and vocabulary of 10,000 web administrators to the Swahili language of 150 million Swahili speakers by 2002.
Witaba is also running a youth project aimed at developing the capabilities of students, academics, and individuals in the private sector and; in the government, through professional courses on online governance.
Protesters calling for the ousting of former President Robert Mugabe (who is now deputy) from office on November 18, 2017.
Image by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes.
Early in the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabwean citizens woke up to the widespread news that the former man, the late Robert Mugabe, had been ousted from office in a coup, and was in custody at his residence, the Palace, and his family.
Major General Sibusiso Moyo, currently Minister of Foreign Affairs, announced on national television that the president was safe under government protection and that the situation is at a different level.
Immediately following General Heart's announcement, Zimbabwean citizens poured in with excitement on social media sites, WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook, to get updated about the situation.
For the first time, the new popularity of social media to provide information and mobilize protests took root among Zimbabwean citizens, as protesters took to the streets and helped push for Mugabe's removal from office.
The new government, headed by Emmerson Dambudzo Mcanaagwa, instantly decided on the power of social media.
As former minister of state security Méléagwa also recognized the importance and role of misinformation in Zimbabwe's political sectors.
In March 2018, recognizing the time and consciousness of the political power that lies before him and in order to ensure victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections of the following year, Mhiqagwa ordered the unity of the ruling ZANU National Union-Patriotic Front (Zimbabwe National Union-Patriotic Front) to spill on social networks and online and defam and attack the opposition.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, his initiative has intensified the conflict of misinformation and misinformation, leaving Zimbabweans with few reliable sources of information and information about the transitional and anti-government protests.
While the new government claimed to condemn the spread of fake news on social media, which they perceived as a threat to the regime in power, it also misleaded the public about how it handled anti-government protests.
The lack of freedom of expression online
Zimbabwe has seen a significant increase in Internet access on mobile phones and social media in the past few years.
The Internet penetration rate rose by 41 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 47.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while mobile phone penetration increased 43.8 percent from 58.8 percent to 102.7 percent over the same period.
This means that half the population is now connected to the internet, compared to only 11 percent in 2010.
However, misinformation and false reporting have also found a place for several reasons: widespread media division, government proposals to regulate social media, poor formal communication and poor education among users.
During the January 2009, anti-government protests, when state security forces arrested and attacked hundreds of protesters, the news of the repression contradicted the government's allegations that it was false news or that it denied its existence.
The government blocked access to the internet to disturb the flow of information and resulted in widespread controversy.
Leaders of government and their supporters also used misinformation about the protests and filed doubts about any ship’s information by labeling false news.
In Zimbabwe, citizens usually view any information presented by government ministers as accurate.
For example, Deputy Minister of Information Energy Mutodi came out to convince people that everything was okay and that videos and pictures of the soldiers patrolling the streets were made by a few thugs.
Mutodi further misleaded the nation when he claimed on national television that there was no Internet censorship but overcrowding.
In another case suspected of misinformation supported by the government, millions of people were blocked from social media during the January protests.
Others deployed air conditioning devices to Virgin Private Network (VPN) to keep updated, but reports were circulated that the download of such devices would lead to arrest, increasing fear and panic.
In March 2009, when Human Rights Watch (HRW) tweeted a report condemning the use of atrocities by the government to suppress the January 19 protests, supporters of the government used Twitter to defamate and attack HRW.
One user tweeted that the organization was spreading outright falsehoods and called it an outright colonial organization commissioned to pressure innocent countries to defend imperial aspirations in the US.
Another referred to the government's allegations and lamented that the violence was the result of thugs who were trying to defam the president.
And misinformation about government policies and other incidents of public interest continued to escalate after the January protests.
Recently, members of the ruling Zanu PF used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr.Peter Magombey, the President of the Zimbabwe Hospital Doctors Association (ZHDA).
He was abducted on September 14, 2009, following the announcement of a health strike.
The ZANU PF Secretary for Youth Affairs described Magombey as a foolish and abusive character.
The ZANU PF Patriots account said the reports of his kidnapping were false.
Others spread false allegations that doctors killed many patients as a result of the bombing, including more than 500 people in one hospital.
Zimbabwe's history speech
The censorship of Zimbabwe's media is rooted in 20th-century colonial policies that were violently tainted to appease the political authorities.
The Rhodesian government led by Ian Smith focused on propaganda and regulated the news as its best weapon, not only to support the government's legitimacy but also to spread misinformation about the war.
The colonial government passed a massive number of repressive speech or against Smith's discriminatory policies and carried out these laws violently to target liberation leaders.
Media censorship was a common phenomenon before independence in 1980, setting a government model on communication policies and media management over the years that followed.
As noted South African journalist and writer Heidi Holland wrote in her book, Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant:
Many people in the Zanu PF movement have lived through the brutality wrought in their daily lives and seemed so normal.
The battle of the forest, or the Second Chathuenga War, has never ended forever in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnyangoagwa is perpetuating this heritage, repressing the voices of critics through fake online reporting and internet censorship.
This post is part of a series of publications that investigate the intrusion of digital rights through tactics such as Internet shutdowns and misinformation during major political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is financed by the African Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Protesters taking part in the Women’s March of June 2018 in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo by Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the internet has become a hotline for confrontation as the government tries to silence growing opposition voices online.
Over the years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to suppress the opposition and bring the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni back to power.
This includes blocking media sites, filtering SMS and shutting down social media platforms.
As the 2025 Uganda General Election nears, administrative leaders are expected to develop similar tactics.
imprisonment during the 2016 elections
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders were forced to close all social media platforms twice.
The first imprisonment was implemented on February 18, 2016, during the eve of the presidential election, and it affected social media platforms and mobile money services.
The ban lasted four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and mobile money messaging services were shut down again.
The imprisonment lasted a day and was held one day before President Museveni's fifth term as president was inaugurated.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
Opposition to his leadership is strong: According to a poll issued in April 2009, the majority of Ugandans are opposed to the 2017 decision to remove the 75 year term from the presidential election, which would allow the 74 year-old president to run again in the 2021 elections.
During all the shutdowns in 2016, the Ugandan government mentioned that the reason was national security for censorship of the internet.
The violence was instructed by Uganda's security agencies and the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), which oversees the sector of communication, online publication, broadcasting, film industry, postal service, delivery of letters and packages.
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a telecommunications service provider, released a statement on Twitter confirming that the UCC had ordered the MTN to shut down all social media services and telecommunications services due to public security threats.
The order also affected other telecom companies such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On the same day, President Museveni told reporters that he ordered social media shutdowns: Action must be taken for security to prevent many people from getting into trouble, for a while because others use them to lie, he said.
On March 17, in a statement during the Supreme Court decision against President Museveni's victory, executive director Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received instructions from the Police Inspector General, Kale Kayihura, to shut down social media websites and SMS services for security reasons.
The imprisonment infringed on the rights and everyday lives of Ugandans online and social media outlets to report, express opinions and do their daily business.
In the weeks leading up to the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the elections under the hashtags #UgandaDecides and # UGDebate16.
Ugandans' level of online participation was inspired by the first presidential debate ever broadcasted, the first one that took place in January and the second one, a week later.
Despite the social media shutdowns, many Ugandans continued to post information about the elections using a personal WhatsApp address.
On election day, citizens were able to take part in the delayed voting materials in distant centers, incidents of electoral fraud, and the temporary results of social media censorship.
Human rights activists say that strategic closures during elections reduce communication speeds, only when access to information and citizen speech is sorely needed.
The blocking of the internet prevents people from talking about certain things that affect them, such as health, interaction with friends and political opinions, Moses Owiny, the senior officer of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, an independent policy analysis platform operating in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, imprisonment aims to curb political dissent on the basis of the government's fear that citizen opinions can incite the public, a claim that he believes is undeniably unfounded but presumed.
Uganda's history of blocking online platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC instructed Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to suspend access to Facebook and Twitter temporarily for 24 hours to eliminate connections and exchange of information.
The order was issued during the massive walk to work protests led by the opposition following rising prices of fuel and food.
The Telecommunications Authority said that security forces were calling for a ban on social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, the election was marred by the SMS censorship of Egypt, bullet and people power.
Towards the 2006 general elections, the UCC instructed ISPs to block access to Radio Katwe by publishing malicious and false information against the ruling National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the 2015 Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Ugandan authorities blocked access to the radio station and the Daily Monitor website by publishing free election results.
The platforms were quickly reinstated but only after the electoral commission announced the official results.
2025 Elections: The same tactics?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Image: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [CC BY 2.0]. Since 2016, the regime has continued to arrest opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, popularly known as Bobi Wine, the singer and opposition leader of People Power, who is also a member of parliament, has already announced his intention to run for presidency.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges of harassing the president and if found guilty, he will not be allowed to charge.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018, the regime targeted six opposition Members of Parliament including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the August 15 minority election in Alenia (in northern Uganda).
The police and the army arrested the group and 28 others on August 13, 2018, and charged them with treason.
They were later released on bail.
On the same day, the police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, while reporting on the election and the violence associated with the election, including the brutal shooting at the Bobi Wine driver by the army.
Read more: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2025 elections near, it is more likely that the Ugandan regime will continue to repress the opposition, including blocking social media.
Indeed, since the 2016 elections there has been no change in the legal framework that allows the government to restrict the right to freedom of expression and access to information online.
According to the 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Act gives the UCC more power and operates under Article 5 which allows the regulator to monitor, inspect, license, regulate, and regulate communication services and to set standards, monitor, and implement data observations.
Upon request from the government, the UCC used this section to instruct ISPs to block access to social media and financial services by phone during the 2016 elections.
The government continues to use these laws to regulate public discourse and silence political opponents, during the elections.
Owiny argues that the government is able to shut down the internet whenever it seems that it matters: where the security of the government and its citizens interferes, and where the security of the government is threatened, the security of the government and its healing will be given priority.
Non-governmental organizations and human rights advocates have been preparing in Uganda so incarceration such as 2016 does not occur anymore.
Several organisations issued a joint letter to the African Community and regional organizations asking to condemn the Ugandan government's decision to block access during the 2016 elections.
Unwanted Witness Uganda took the Ugandan government to court, including ISPs and Telecommunication Regulator (UCC), in a case filed in September 2016.
The organization pointed out that the government-planned Internet Shutdown violated Ugandans' right to freedom of speech and expression as stated in Section 29 (1) of 1995 Constitution.
However, the judge ruled that the prosecution failed to confirm any violations as a result of the imprisonment, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Making an end to internet access during the upcoming elections will require more advocacy.
Owiny suggested the need of civil rights activists to intensify the dialogue between the government and the private sector to submit the negative effects of imprisonment because the private sector is feared by the government.
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to introduce the Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The law promises to provide efficiency, simplicity, transparency and accountability that will allow the public to readily access and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens.
Will the Government fulfill its responsibility to promote the right to information?
Will it fulfill its promises?
This post is part of a series of publications investigating digital rights interference through tactics such as Internet shutdowns and misinformation during major political events in seven African countries: Algeria, eEthiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is financed by the African Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from DCMA School practice various musical instruments at Old Customs, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2018.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of visitors to the Old Town, Zanzibar, an ancient city well-known for the archipelago's history, follow the droning sound from DCMA, a music school that seeks to promote and promote coastal music in the island and other parts of the coast of the Indian Ocean.
Since 2002, the school has been promoting and preserving the unique Zanzibar culture that combines Arab, Indian and African cultures through music.
Seventeen years since the school’s establishment, it is now clearly facing a financial crisis threatening its imprisonment.
Nearly 70 percent of the 80 students who study there are unable to pay fees, which amounts to US$13 per month, according to the DCMA's official report to the public.
Although the school has been receiving aid from international donations and charities, it is currently facing a huge demand that will force it to pack up its belongings and leave the historic building in Zanzibar, known as the Old Customs House.
Without immediate funding to facilitate his activities, the students and teachers of DCMA are concerned that the sounds that are used to boiling from the outskirts of the building and making the islands entertaining art may cease.
The school not only teaches and promotes cultural and natural heritage through music, but it is also occupied by a large group of young musicians who are looking for alternatives to leading their lives through art.
A DCMA student learns to play indigenous Arab music.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We are beginning to face a financial crisis, says Alessia Lombardo, executive director of DCMA, in the official DCMA video.
From now until next six months, we are not sure that we can pay the salary to teachers and other workers.
Now, 19 hardworking teachers and a few other workers have been unpaid for over six months because the school has been struggling to receive support from friends while at the same time creating a sustainable income system for the school’s maintenance.
Although the islands are known to attract many tourists as a result of large beaches and luxury hotels, many indigenous peoples suffer from severe unemployment, although data released by the World Bank shows that poverty has decreased on the island.
For more than 17 years, DCMA has worked tirelessly to promote and protect Zanzibar’s immense heritage through music.
If it was the birthplace of Arab musicians and renowned singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Mrs. Binti.
Kidude, Zanzibar is the home of a music scene that emerged through a mixture of culture and collaboration between the Swahili Coastmen of the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn traditional music such as taarab, dance and dinosaurs, as well as other instruments such as the dinosaurs and dinosaurs, as guards and translators of culture and tradition.
Neema Surri, a violinist at the DCMA school, has been learning how to play since the age of 9.
I know many young people who wish to learn music but cannot afford afford to pay for poverty and unemployment, Surri said in a DCMA video.
DCMA students exercise at Old Customs, at their school, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2018.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After finishing the DCMA workshops, Astashahada and Stashahada courses, many DCMA students go to work on international platforms as award-winning bands and independent artists.
Mzbayan Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa along with her renowned group Siti and Bendi Yake, known for combining the roots for mixing traditional voices with modern voices.
Also, in collaboration with his fellow bandits, who are also former DCMA students, he released his first hit, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, continuing to perform in Sound of wisdom, the largest music concert in the East African region, that year.
Here is a listen to the band's song Nielewe and its video, highlighting the impact of Zanzibar's narrating the story of a woman facing domestic violence and the dreams of a music life, such as Omar Juma's personal story:
Read more: East African Women in the Music Industry Singer Against Men's domination
A history of cultural interaction and collaboration
More than 15,000 visitors have gone through the school building to enjoy commercial shows, workshops and classrooms as well as to meet the DCMA musicians who represent the future of Zanzibar's cultural and heritage, according to the DCMA.
Having the flavor of Indian, Arab and African history, the school is delighted to be the fruitage of many different countries, culturally connected across the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf.
The sultani of Omani, a prominent king between the 17th and the 19th centuries, moved from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1830.
From Old Town, the leaders of Omani operated the sea trade, including cloves, gold, clothes, hoping for a wind-led vase trip between the Indian Ocean's shore and Oman and East Africa.
Young people in Zanzibar recognize the importance of understanding their history to determine whether their future and the music they produce today expresses the desire to bridge past and present.
Recently DCMA students and their teachers co-founded TaraJazz, a combination of traditional Arabic and modern society.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the island's most sought-on bands, captured by photographer Aline Co chacun:
The Swahili Coast tells the story of the mixed culture with DCMA is perpetuating this culture through musical collaboration.
Each year, the school organizes a project called Swahili Encounters, which meets well-known musicians from Africa, the Middle East, Europe and North America and DCMA students to create a typical musical atmosphere within a week.
At the end of the meeting, the newly formed teams of met artists are required to perform in Sound of wisdom, and these teams often enjoy long-standing friendships that cross language and cultural boundaries, proving that music is the language of the world.
DCMA organizes a weekly business concert to show the talent of students and friends who visit the musicians, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2018.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
The DCMA School recognizes that music is raising and connecting people regardless of their cultures and is employing talented young people living in an economically poor society and low jobs.
For the more than 1,800 students who passed the DCMA, this school is the only musical home they know, where they can learn and grow up to be talented musicians and artists.
One visitor from Uzisipania, who recently visited DCMA, wrote on Skype: Personally, meeting with musicians was the best time I was on the island.
As the tourism industry in Zanzibar continues to grow rapidly, the DCMA School believes that music plays an important role in celebrating, preserving and promoting Swahili culture, their heritage and their history.
Zanzibar is beyond the beaches and its luxury hotels is a haven of bouncing talent in the rich history of the collection and its historical connections.
Editor's Addition: The author of this post once volunteered at DCMA.
Sierra Leone: Healthcare providers preparing to enter the Ebola treatment area.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
On August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on developments in the medical process of testing Ebola medicines in the Democratic Republic of Congo ( Republic of Congo).
WHO noted that Ebola-tested drugs have shown positive results promising Ebola survival, adding that two out of the four tested drugs have shown significant potential for treating Ebola.
Who is involved in Ebola treatment?
Hon. Prof. Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédatique (INRB) DR of Congo, devoted most of his life to seeking treatment for the Ebola virus.
While international media coverage of how Ebola causes a significant number of deaths in Congo, the news about the scientist is being spelled out by media houses.
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : we will no longer say that the Ebola virus (EVD) is incurable.
Due to the work of Muyembe-Tamfum, scientists experimented with four Ebola treatments: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN-EB3.
The response to medical tests conducted on 499 participants in the study showed that patients treated for REGN-EB3 or mAb114 had a higher rate of recovery compared to those treated for two other drugs.
This study was carried out under the oversight of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédatique (INRB), the Congolese Ministry of Health and three other healthcare organizations: the International Association of Health Affairs (ALME), the International Medical Corps (IMC) and Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
A Congolese involved in Ebola treatment
Muyembe-Tamfum has been conducting Ebola-related studies since the first cases in Congo in 1976 when he was the first researcher to visit the region where Ebola was first. I spent four decades of my life seeking treatment for Ebola. So this is an achievement in my life- Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, the Director General of the National de Recherche Biomedatique of the Democratic Republic of Congo and his colleagues have discovered a new cure for Ebola that treats the symptoms of the disease in these three hours.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, the Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedatique of the Democratic Republic of #Congo and his colleagues have discovered a new cure for Ebola that can cure the symptoms in just three hours.
A professor of microscology at the Medical University of Kinshasa- Democratic Republic of Congo, has so far spent 40 years working to cure the disease.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the implementation of the he worked with WHO in implementing strategy for combating the disease after the first Ebola cases were in Kikwit, Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum speaking during a public awareness exercise in Beni, North Kivu, Democratic Republic of Congo, in September 2018.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following these findings, the victims of Ebola are now more likely to hope for immediate medical attention and to be hospitalised for additional treatments.
As 90 percent of the patients will be able to get to health centers and get treated and return to their full health, start believing in this medicine and building trust for their communities and citizens as a whole.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Causes of Ebola cure
The first Ebola cases were in 1976 near the river Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Disease Prevention and Prevention (CDC), since then, the Ebola virus has been recurring from a natural cause (which has yet to be identified) and leading people in Africa to develop the disease.
The events of the Ebola outbreak since 1976.
A screenshot of a map from the Center for the Combating of Magojwal
Between 2014 and 2016 more than 28,600 people were with Ebola in West Africa.
According to a 2015 WHO report:
In 2014 Senegal had one case of Ebola outbreak and no death was.
WHO declared that Nigeria’s response to the Ebola virus is part of the world’s rapidly spreading epidemic.
In January 2015, Malily had 8 Ebola cases and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was critical between March and June 2016. in three countries: in Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people fell ill with Ebola and 4,000 deaths; in Liberia: 10,000 people fell ill with Ebola and 3,000 died. in Guinea: 3,800 cases and 2,500 deaths.
The Global Epidemic of Ebola
The devastating Ebola epidemic in African countries provoked panic in 2015 when two Ebola patientsly died in the United States, one in Spain and one in Germany.
GabyFleur貧, a researcher at the Berlin Institute for Disaster Assessment, Germany, other Ebola cases in Spain, Germany, the United Kingdom, Italy and Switzerland.
At the same time, the Ebola epidemic was considered a death sentence for lack of adequate treatment.
As Bayan said earlier, the high rate of deaths due to Ebola and /a> sometimes misinformation through media coverage of Ebola sparked panic worldwide.
Similar reports were also raised by 2017 a study in which Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed more than 109,000 posts published in major US media and blogs between July and November 2014, as the core of the analysis is the Ebola story.
They discovered three highlights of the Ebola epidemic in the mainstream media and blogs in the United States appearing on July 27, September 28, and on October 15, 2014:
On 27 July, it was first that doctors from the United States who serve in Liberia were infected with Ebola.
On September 30, mass media coverage of Thomas Duncan's Ebola outbreak in Texas was the first time the Ebola outbreak was in the US.
On October 12, reports of an Ebola patient and a healthcare provider were widely circulated in the United States.
After the 12th of October, another epidemic of the Ebola epidemic was continuously leading to a day-to-day decline in its diagnosis.
It is possible that the US media has been reporting heavily on Ebola because of the incidents of Ebola in the country.
Additionally, because of the ease of social media coverage, the Ebola epidemic has been widely debated in European and American media.
However, what remains to be seen is whether the Ebola treatments discovered by an African from the Democratic Republic of Congo for the cure of the African disease will be republished in the media as they were in 2017.
Erick Kabendera training journalists in 2012, Dare sbayan.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 uniformed soldiers arrested Erick Kabendera at her home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and put her in jail.
Police say Kabendera has rejected an order to surrender himself for investigation into his nationality if he is Tanzanian.
During the past week, police searched the house twice, confiscated his travel warrant, other personal documents, and questioned his family.
On 5 August, the authorities changed the argument, and Kabandera was charged with finishing, avoiding a tax of $75,000, as well as involvement with a criminal network, according to a petition issued by the ANCJ.
Police say Kabendera has committed these crimes for four years since 2015.
For the charges facing Kabendera he may face up to 15 years in prison and he is not allowed to receive bail.
Magufuli of Tanzania
They first grabbed a journalist, when they saw a lot of noise and claimed he's not a Tanzanian, he's now being charged with cybercrime and avoid paying taxes.
To meet Erick Kabendera, his mistake is to be a journalist.
Media freedom has deteriorated significantly during Tanzanian-based Magufuli's time, by CPJ.
A representative of the Institute to Defend Journalists (CPJ) in Sub-Saharan Africa, Muthoka Mumo says:
It appears that over the past week, authorities have been looking for reasons to confirm his detention, his independent journalist and critic.
They first claimed that Erick Kabendera's citizenship is unclear, this day they have added a very different charge, which makes us wonder why they intend to detain her.
As a journalist Kabendera has always criticized President John Magufuli's regime and often stands for press freedom.
He has on local and international media such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African about Tanzanian politics and how it divides people.
Kabendera's advocate JJebra Kambole also accused Kabendera of instigating statements against the government through her article published in The Economist, titled John Magufuli of suppressing press freedom in Tanzania. Even so the charges were later dropped.
The news that came to me soon: journalist Erick Kabendera being charged with instigating statements against the government for an article published in The Economist, which John Magufuli says is suppressing Tanzanian press freedom explanation from Zebra Kambole says that Mr. Kabendera has been denied bail.
Citizenship has been made a tool to silence people
The kabendera family says, this is not the first time the government asks about kabendera citizenship.
In 2013 the government filed similar charges against him but the case was later dropped, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera at the same time saw that the authorities wanted to use the issue of censorship as a means of silencing her.
Last year, too, The Citizen several cases in which the government questioned the credibility of a tool to silence criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, executive director of Twaweza, a civil society, dedicated to public voices, said authorities have confiscated his travel warrant and banned him from traveling as his nationality investigation continues.
Two weeks before the incident, did Twaweza report the results of a survey called Telling the truth to the authorities?
Public opinion in Tanzanian politics
Science and Technology Commission (Costech) claimed that the study was unacceptable and threatened to take legal action but later deleted the case, according to the same article in The Citizen.
In recent years Tanzania has introduced numerous amendments to legislation targeting bloggers and media, civil society, art and cultural organizations, as well as researchers and researchers, which are being taken by critical observers of the government as an attempt to regulate news reports from Tanzania and suppress freedom of expression and political rights.
Read more: Will Tanzanian Bloggers Satisfy to Pay or Borrow Blog Taxation'?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, and concerned citizen leaders have circulated on social media calling for the release of Kabendera:
AFEX Africa calls the charges a public intention of violence
It is nine days and still Tanzanian police are arresting investigated journalist Erick Kabendera @AFEXafrica saying there is need to end this act of violence.
https://t.co/1UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019,
Kabendera, who has often trained and inspired young journalists, has prompted her former student to tweet:
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life, and in less than 80 minutes.
He came as an invited trainer to teach us (the School of Journalism and Communication for People- @UniofDar).
But despite being with us for a while, I learned a lot from him.
He really inspired me.
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks Kabendera's arrest and conviction is a warning sign for other citizens:
SIMTIMEI Kabendera Why Is Tanzanian or Why Is Journalist NAMTETEA Why I Live in Tanzania in Erick.
If justice does not happen to him today and if I keep quiet, it may not happen to me tomorrow as well.
Nobody Is Safe When Violence Rules
Both I and I are Ivan Golunov.
A flag laid by Meduza, used with permission
: The Russian language explanation means a boiling point which by then becomes enough is probably a good way to convey how the number of Russians concerned with the arrest of famous investigative journalist Ivan Golunov is growing.
He was arrested on June 6 in Moscow for allegedly engaging in drug possession.
Golunov was arrested and refused access to a lawyer for violation of Russian law.
Her lawyer confirmed her agony in prison.
After being taken to the hospital he was allowed and put in a special host on June 8.
At first Russian soldiers showed photos of a drug lab that were believed to have been shot in a Golunov building but later removed.
Russia's pro-Kremlin news agency has confirmed that the images were not taken on the Golunov Stalls today.
The charges filed against Golunov could lead to 10 to 20 years in prison.
36-year-old Golunov works for Meduza, one of the few social networking sites in the Russian language that still remain.
Meduza is registered in the neighboring state of Latvia, but it has an office with few journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led the publication of a series of corruption incidents involving top ranking leaders.
Since Golunov's arrest, Meduza has been releasing Golunov's articles under a creative commons license and has encouraged media and individuals to republish the news, which has been strongly supported by Global Voices.
One of the most important stories he published was about how vice mayor Pyotr Biryukov handed down projects for his family and how the project to make moscow an impressive city with an unprecedented budget.
The story he was dealing with before he was arrested was about the monopoly on funeral services in Moscow.
Golunov's arrest has sparked united statements that were rare among journalists, activists and lawyers and even prominent singers and celebrities outside Mscow and Saint Petersburg.
On June 10, three main newspapers agreed to publish an edition supporting Golunov on the front page.
Newspapers were sold and updated.
Unfortunately pro-Kremlin and Channel One, which has a large audience, are calling for fair investigation.
June 12 will be Russia's day, where public parades and demonstrations granted by local authorities will take place.
For Russian law, public demonstrations need permission.
Golunov's supporters have announced that they will have their own march without official permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is seeking to remove accusations against the journalist before June 20th.
On the day President Vladimir Putin, whose standards have dropped in history in the country, will be speaking to the telephone live during a year of public speaking during which he is receiving questions from citizens on mobile phones and social media.
Kenyan journalist Binyavanga Waina at the Book Festival in Brooklyn, 2009.
The 48 year old Wainaina died on Tuesday, May 22, in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 by Wikimedia Commons.
Only 24 hours since Binyavanga Wainaina the Kenyan writer disappeared from this world, but its existence continues to plunge around the world.
Speak truthfully, an open gay journalist blamed the negotiations and challenged the government's instigating revolutionary journalism that would open the door to thousands of journalists wishing to change their writings and portray what Africa is like.
LGBTQ writer, teacher and activist, 48, Binyavanga Wainaina, died on Tuesday, May 22, in Nairobi, Kenya, after a brief illness.
Today I have thought: What will your life be like when they leave?
Binyavanga's death made me think about what I was five or so years ago and what he was for us like a young man who was convinced of the excitement and hunger for change on our continent and ours.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019,
In a matter of minutes, his friends, supporters and fanatics flooded social media sharing memories and gratitude and discussing his many very interesting writings.
Wainaina is well-known for its provocative articles, How to write about Africa, published in the 2006 newspaper.
He is also known for his diary in 2012, One Day I'll write about this place, and Mother's post, I'm a housemaid, published in Chathuenga, as well as Africa is a country published in 2014.
The post was very lively on Twitter because people tried to show the truth and newspapers named the Chinese as one of the 100 great influencers in the world.
In a post on how to describe Africa, Waina called western media and the aid of all factories in Nairobi to perpetuate unfair discrimination against the African continent with much ridicule and outrage.
Don't try to put a picture of a good African on a book cover or on it unless that African has won the Nobel prize.
AK-47, handsome mouths, breasts open: use this.
If you have to join an African, make sure you get him from Masai or Zulu or dogon.
His ploy was a sharp little knife, writes Nigerian journalist Nwachukwu Egbunike.
Her article or book quoted widely by academics, NGOs and aid workers has had a profound impact on Africa and the results continue to circulate, shock and anger.
On the outcome, researcher Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the post has followed me ever since I was presented as a gift in 2008 by a Kenyan friend.
I am indeed one of the people Binyavanga addressed: A development welfare worker employed in Tanzania by a Danish NGO wrote about the results of the post.
It was as the development and aid of the factory increased its efficiency in order to obtain more money for the price shift.
I had many reasons to feel shame, but I also had time to plan for a change.
Binyavanga later described in Bidoun magazine how this article only happened in two ways: By exposing and describing the dangers of liable authors, NGOs staff members, musicians, conservationists, students and traveling journalists who are reading the instructions on how or how not to write about Africa, start asking for his approval.
Wainaina was the son of a Kenyan father and a Ugandan woman, and she continued to question the fraud expressed about Africa in her 2012 legacy journal, one day I'll write about this place.
Completely informed, it attracted readers from her childhood in the 1970s in Kenya and during her years in exile as a student in South Africa.
The criticism praised the book as real and true, but Waina later admitted that he had forgotten the crucial facets of his life's love.
Mama, I am gay, Waina was the first high-ranking Kenyan to be transparent by speaking out on social media, generating a lot of public opinion.
It seemed to be a lost face in the memory of his life.
Wainaina saw that she was gay and her mother was dying.
His post arrived briefly as a campaign against a massive anti-gay rally and anti-gay legislation was proposed in Uganda and later Tanzania where homosexuality is a crime.
Read more: Tanzania's position on homosexuality to shut down the political agenda
However, unlike other exiled journalists, Waina came home as Nanjala Nyabola describes the BBC on Twitter, saying that was important:
For those of us who grew up with prominent Kenyan journalists living in exile, imprisoned, poor or underprivileged or not so badly rejected, he came home and that was very important.
He was a mysterious man but for this he deserves to be thankful forever.
We have to speak our minds
While Binyavanga was truly loved by various international groups, at home he criticized and faced pressure to be undeserved on the ground.
Binyavanga demanded freedom of speech and expression.
Courageously in the LGBTQ-powered community, he insisted on twisting the same principles
In response to the noise and other responses, same year Waina wrote We are supposed to speak our thoughts, on Yuotube with a six-part series of thoughts on freedom and thought.
I want to live a life of freedom of thought, he explained in the first part.
I appeal to this generation of young parents that they see Africans covering their stories this simple act is an important political act everyone should have.
I have a sanctuary to see a continent where all sorts of thoughts are unnecessary until they are allowed.
I am an African of all Africans, I want to see this continent change.
The Iranians repeatedly expressed their passion for change through their journalism, education, and leadership.
In 2002, after winning the best Caine prize for his home discovering post, he used the funds to collaborate on Kwany?
A magazine aimed at perpetuating new voices and ideas emerging across the continent.
Why?
was temporarily published and connected to journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more: We Work to Prevent Explosions': A word to be spoken in East Africa
While she ruthlessly shook social contracts Kenya publicly declared gay and later revealed that she has HIV/AIDS on Twitter in 2016 it was often painful, compared to it often came with backlash, struggle and pioneering.
Wainaina was a controversial man who fought under pressure and often fought hard for being a prominent homosexual man seemed to be his complex role in society as a people.
He had fans but faced criticism from renowned journalist Shailja Patel, who accused Waina of being a toxic homophobic.
This post is part of our special coverage Tunisia Elections 2011. This post is part of our special coverage Tunisia Elections 2011.
I am not strong enough but I cry for Binya as a dear friend in my foreign and advocacy.
I deeply regret that he hurt others.
I regret that he made a mistake as a human.
He would hate us if we cleaned him up.
Writer Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of Uganda's Writivism Festival, also expressed this controversy on Facebook:
Her way of life was a problem.
Good and let go of mistakes.
The people we hold for their work and their ideas are just people.
He is a human being.
Are we ever ready to love them in their complexity?
Now, a lot has been said about him.
There is no need to repeat what was said.
People have reminded him of his pain.
This eliminates the pain a person hears of his death.
There is only one Nyanvanga.
He is a constructor for now.
Let's celebrate his life.
The talent of curiosity
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi tweets after sending a message of praise to the Iranian people on Facebook; homophobia and stereotypes followed.
Wainaina was a talented curiosity that should be remembered:
I posted a message on Facebook about Binyavanga's death. #RIPBinyavanga was very bad and shameful I have never read.
Even thieves who steal taxes from us and kill people do not get so much hatred.
The truth is, Binya was intelligent and curious and will continue to be read and remembered
Ugandan feminist and journalist Rosebell Kagumire highlighted what he learned from the irresponsible Iranian speech:
Don't worry.
Do not hold on your.
Speak up what needs to be said.
Survive in writing.
Live your truth and your heart.
When you breathe your last breath, there will be a million words you have said to Binyavanga.
Through his life and letters, he gave himself and countless others the permission to imagine life as it may be otherwise, and his sudden passing inspired poetic musings:
One day I will write about your beautiful hair
One day I will write about your laughter
One day I will write about your disregard
One day I will write about your thinking ability
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I write thanks
Kenyan Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor, a journalist and writer for Dust, and indeed a friend of the Indonesians, concludes with a final lament:
Who told you to leave?
get out of your body at night without leaving a new account?
The face is tilted, the eyes are burning, he said, You only have 3 seconds to correct your grumbling there.
Who told you to leave?
Get out of your body without leaving a new account?
To whom can one go out of fear and tremble as a trial writer?
Now he's one of the great people, you can join the planet Binya with a lot of memories.
The front page of newspaper de Angola about the Telstar's winning tribute.
by Dércio Tsandzana, 19 April 2019, and with permission
The president of Angola João Lourenço on April 18 followed a government proposal for a mobile phone operator in the country, arguing that the winner of the phones Telstar did not meet the necessary requirements for the service.
The President's decision may indicate division in the Angolan government.
Telstar was founded in January 2018 with the first 200,000 (approximately US$600), and its main players are Manuel João Carneiro (90%) and businessman António Cardoso Mateus (10%), a report from Portuguese magazine Observador.
According to reports online in Angola, Manuel João Carneiro's victory was granted by the incumbent president Eduardo dos Santos.
Observador newspaper that 27 companies participated in the petition process opened up by the Ministry of Information and Information Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
According to the Angolan newspaper on April 25th, João Lourenço signed the laws that enacted new regulations for the opening of the petition.
After the results of the first petition were made public, many Angolans questioned the integrity of the process.
Others went as far as saying that the Telstar winner has never had a website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, editor and video director on Facebook:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was launched on January 26, 2018, with the first 200,000 citizen from the Diário da República, the general Manuel João Carneiro (90 percent) and António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent).
The biggest stakeholder is affiliated with Mundo Startel, a well-being company, registered INACOM, a telecommunications regulator with a license although outdated.
a company that doesn’t even have a website!
I DO NOT BELIEVE THAT THAT THERE WAS OTHER WITNESSES
THIS COUNTRY IS A COUNTRY
For now, Joaquim Lunda, a regular journalist and social media reporter, praised the President's actions and I even concluded that the prime minister ran away from the risk of being expelled for this failure:
Translation I'm grateful and commendable, to the decision taken by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço, to cancel the government grant that the Angolan Telstar won the licence for the fourth telecommunications operator in Angola.
there were a lot of dissatisfaction with the many important aspects of there were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
One does not see a tribute in the company that was founded in 2018, with the first 200 thousand titles, awarded with the grapes.
I am absolutely certain that the days of the Minister of Information and Information Technology are numbered.
Having succumbed to ANGOSAT 1, now and what we are witnessing today, I fear if it will do anything.
Enjoy the game in silence!!
The Presidential verdict came after the same prime minister in 2017, satellite project Angosat 1, is in trouble again.
Adriano Sapiñala, the vice president of the main opposition party, sees the problem as a sign of conflict in the government:
JLo should be organizing his team because yesterday the incumbent minister was saying the time of the complaint was over and Telstar would continue the next step because it was the winner of the whistle and today JLo emerges and delivers the whistle!
Is communication not good?
Now maybe a minister should take a stand for it or JLo should chase him away because if he has deleted the grapes it is because his process was not good and in order not to affect any clean person the people must be responsible!!
Blanka Nagy speaking at a protest in January 2009.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovandes and translated by Anita Kőműves for Hungary's non-commercial magazine Atlaszo.
This edited version is available here as a reflection of his collaboration with Global Voices.
Supportive media in Hungary has launched a new attack on Blanka Nagy, a high school student who spoke against the government in several protests since the end of 2018.
Nagy has endured many criticisms against her and has also been sexually harrassed by one source calling her a prostitute.
He has already filed a case of humiliation and defeat against the three agencies Lokàl, Repost and Origo, who support the government, said he was failing at school.
However, after Nady won the case against Origo, the source attacked him again for publishing his school report.
Nady told Atlaszo that he was thinking of prosecuting Origo again because of their current stories.
Blankazek has become popular in Hungary last winter after giving a speech at an anti-government protest, in which she criticized prominent politicians, using harsh language.
His harsh words were shared by social media users through a video of his speech.
Two months after his video captured on social media, pro-government and scholarly bodies like Zsolt Bayer launched a series of attacks against him.
The media said he had missed most of his studies and had missed most of his days.
They also called him a talentless person who wants to be famous and a prostitute.
Her advocate filed a copy of her results in court and confirmed that she was not defective in her studies and the copies of the results were also given to Origo's advocate.
The news agency decided to publish a report from the High Commissioner’s report on the outcome and said that he was about to cancel his History lesson in the past term and is also on paper for further extension.
When #VyomboSoungamkonosernmentHungary lies about younger protesting daughter Blanka Nagy, accused them of defamation and defeated.
They have been asked to apologise and correct their report but have refused and continue to defame him.
TV2 took all the time to report blasphemy, citing the copies that were sent to court but did not say what the verdict was https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019,
My lawyer and I are considering prosecuting a source of information that published a copy of my results from school, Nagy told Atlaszo in an interview.
He said that Origo had no right to publish his results.
He and his lawyers suspect that Origo had no right even to see the consequences when they presented them to court.
And their recent accusations are also false, Nady said.
I do not praise my history lesson, as opposed to what they say.
I have a good score of more than 2 (which equals class C).
What they say is a lie.
I would be embarrassed if it was true because in my family there was a history teacher among my grandfathers, he said.
I think all this insult to me is something very strange but I don't worry anymore.
It shows how somehow I am threatening some of the highest powers of the Redesz.
The fact is Zsolt Bayer's own actions against me and the media that supports the government's dissemination of false information against me, confirm this, he added.
Blanka Nagy High school student: Fidesz is giving a spoof, a boxer, bad and tragic.
This wicked group of criminals, this minority government, are filling up their pockets for their retirement while you are suffering from poverty in retirement.
He said the truth.
THIS is Hungary.
Fraud and false reporting are the only weapons of media supporting the Hungarian government.
Some opposition authorities have responded by accusing the media of defamation.
According to the most recent statistics collected by Atlasatszo, main sources of propaganda have failed many cases, and were ordered by the judiciary to correct information 109 times in 2018.
They can't put their thoughts on our heads so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua So reads the banner of a protester during a protest for political prisoners in Managua.
August 2018.
Photo source: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since massive protests against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned protests, arrested thousands without prosecuting them and closed together mainstream sources and media alternatives.
The attempts to conduct the dialogue are met, now Nicaragua's destiny remains a difficult question.
The protests started with a protest against a change in the policy of social security funds that would raise the income tax while reducing the back-lift interest.
Initially the process opened the door to a nationwide protest calling on President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice President Rosario Murillo's resignation.
The death toll from the protests is ongoing and unknown since last year as sanctions have increased against storing information and records.
In December 2018 the government blocked some NGOs that were closely following police violence and human rights violations with the Center for Human Rights of Nicaragua (Cenidh) and the Institute for Democracy Development (Iecto).
Also in December, the two groups Commissioner for Human Rights in America (IACHR) Special Planning for Nicaragua Observation (MESENI) and the Free Students Group expelled from the country, leaving Nicaragua without an independent instrument to govern Human Rights and initiate a new act of violence, according to Women’s Rights Activist and Educator María Teresa05ón.
Read more: We Are the victims we help the victims': Copying Human Rights Violations in Nicaragua
The minimum estimate of casualties, acknowledged by the government in August 2018 has grown to 197.
However, Human Rights Watch has estimated 322 deaths until September 18 2018, with most deaths being shot in the head, neck and chest.
Blogger Ana Siú wrote on Medium recently about her experience in the April 2018 protest:
I saw a college friend being attacked by a gang on Instagram Mubarak.
I heard him screaming and struggling to avoid being hurt. Finally, the man who attacked him on his motorcycle left him but grabbed his phone.
She didn't know that she still seems to be a businessman.
Then he said, let's go!
We have to take these calls to be checked.
The event continued for 20 minutes.
He also highlighted the protest on May 30, which was a historic protest called for on the date Nicaragua celebrates Mother's Day when 15 people were killed.
That same day we changed our attitude toward the protest.
Some of us who were at the same protest saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time that police have attacked massive protests such as with fire bullets.
I have never been so close to death.
When students blocked themselves in universities in the capital Managua, farm workers blocked roads in the countryside.
In June the protesters in Masaya declared the Eastern city an independent power from the dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who created self-defense barricades and responded to the police attacks.
Protesters became increasingly involved in violence and clashes and by August 2018 there were 22 deaths of police officers, according to state data.
In mid 2018, the police launched what they called operación limpieza (Plaining Operation) to destroy the barricades and prosecute suspected suspects.
Reports say security forces did so in collaboration with militant groups.
Many students, farmers, rights defenders and journalists were targeted in the deadly campaign and many of them were charged.
And some health workers who cared for the injured during the protests have been disturbed by what they did.
The Nicaraguan Doctors Association said at least 240 doctors were fired from public hospitals as a way to tear them down.
Read more: Nicaraguan protesters and journalists face violent attacks on the streets and networks.
In September the protests were made illegal anymore, and any activity currently in the streets needs special approval from the authorities, which are often rejected.
On February 27, 2009, the dialogue table was referred between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la Justicia y la Democencia (Federation of Rights and Democracy for Citizens), following the release of hundreds of people from prison.
Compared to a previous conversation, this meeting did not include leaders of the farmers and students movement, because some are in prison, and others are in exile.
Not a new president only a new beginning
As the crisis in Nicaragua falls in the second year now, foreigners and concern about Nicaragua's future holds the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which goes out daily despite allegations, images of the victims and cries about the students in prison and their families.
Read more: Nicaraguan Diaspora activists carry the burden twice
Nicaraguan news outlet Niú interviewed protesters who led February's demonstrations in neighboring regions of Costa Rica and explained the difficulties of life in exile.
Alejandro Donaire, a student who said he fled the country after taking part in a peaceful protest, told Niú how difficult it is to feel like a part of society and a normal life, after spending so long living in hiding, running and protesting.
Madelaine Caracas, spokesperson for Student Cooperation for Democracy, also shared Niú’s thirst for change in Nicaragua which would be beyond Ortega’s departure:
[We want ] to abolish dictatorships, gender oppression, selfishness and other weaknesses that have crept into the country's political culture.
We firmly believe that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure because Ortega is not currently heard in the international and economic skies as well as because all those who have participated in the April protests are fully prepared for now.
The last round of discussions between the Government and the opposition ended on April 3, with a consensus on two of the four topics discussed.
First the government promises, it will release all political prisoners and second it will respect civic freedom.
There was no agreement made about the rights of victims of electoral violence or the campaign for 2021.
The opposition group of the Civil Union said, however, the government has failed to uphold the agreement.
Police havely continued to disrupt peaceful protests.
Just like April 6, only 50 of the 600 political prisoners were freed, detained in their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new threat of U.S. sanctions, more than 600 prisoners were released and sentenced to house arrest, but according to the Civil Union, only 18 members of the group were on the list of political prisoners who hoped for their release.
In the minds of individuals like Activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of Nicaragua tomorrow remains behind bars today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for protests to commemorate the events of April 2018.
With a ban from the authorities and a ban on the protests, there will also be a new repression from the police.