Photo of President Muhammadu Buhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, by Bayo Omoboriowo via Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it blocked Twitter in the country, several days after it canceled a deadly tweet by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari demanding that the government will use violence against the Igbo tribe.
Despite the tweet's removal, a message went viral on social media, reminding us of the pains of civil war that claimed the lives of more than a million people.
But the tweet prompted a social media movement to stand with Nigerians of the Igbo tribe.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari threatens to deal with Nigerians from the eastern part of the country in a language they understand, referring to the Nigerian civil war between 1967-20070 against the separatist movement of the Biafra Republic, in southeastern Nigeria.
The tweet was followed by a series of attacks on the state and security forces in the area, which is accused of having a militant group linked to the Biafran Aborigines (IPOB), a movement of people wanting the Biafran section to isolate itself.
The group has denied responsibility for the attacks, according to Voice of America.
Many of those who show the lack of discipline today were less aware of the devastation and loss of lives during the Nigerian Civil War, said Buhari's tweet that has been deleted:
Tweet of Nigerian President Buhari's threat
Tweeted in response to the comments made by Buhari who was apparently angry at the Presidential Palace, the country’s headquarters, Abuja, about the direction of the attack on election officials.
I think we've given them enough platform.
They have said what they wanted, but now they want to destroy the country, he said, seeming to talk about the people who want to separate:
Buhari has spoken with his mouth
Buhari, a retired general, was in the army during the civil war in Nigeria.
The terrible war killed more than a million people of the Igbo tribe and other inhabitants of the East Bank, according to Chima J. Korieh, professor of African history at the University of Marquette in the United States.
For many Nigerians, the separatist war of the state of Biafra, generally, is considered an unforgettable tragedy, but for the people of Igbo who struggled with isolation, it remains a phenomenon that changed the meaning of their lives, says Nigerian journalist Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
(The writer is from the tribe of Igbo.)
The hate policy blocks tweets that preach violence and threaten people by racial, ethnic, ethnic background.
Such tweets, like Buhari's, are dismissed by the company or users themselves force to delete content that goes against the policy.
Lai Mohammed, a Nigerian minister of information, described the removal of the president's tweet by the social media firm as a case of serious suspicion:
Twitter Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnjVM
Threatening tweets still appear online
A survey by Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) revealed that Buhari's tweet of the threat is still appearing on several accounts two days after it was deleted by Twitter, a suggestion to be quoted by other users:
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted Nigerian president @MBuhari's tweet for violating the law, a tweet deleted still appears on many online accounts for being quoted!
Using different accounts via different devices, DigiAfricaLab was able to see more than 17,000 tweets quoted by users before the social network canceled the tweet from @MBuhari and @NGRPresident accounts, all of which are verified Twitter accounts used by President Buhari.
Moreover, DigiAfricaLab was able to click and amplify President Buhari's tweets quoted.
The tweets can still be seen to Twitter users because the tool used by Twitter (API) is based on other networking tools that connect Twitter data via URLs.
Another reason, according to J. D. Biersdorfer of New York Times, is that deleted tweets may still be available and thus appear on the results of online search until the site is revived by a new tweet on the main page of the account.
#IAmIgboToo hashtag reaction
President Buhari's Twitter threat sparked a heated debate from Nigerians who are tweeting, a debate that headed the network with the hashtag #IAmIgboToo to express their sympathy.
Nigerian Twitter users from various ethnic groups also used Igbo names as a way to stand with Igbo people.
A survey conducted on June 4, 2021, by Global Voices on Brand Mentions showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboToo was mentioned 508 times, used 319,200 times, reached 457,500, and distributed 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
Photo from the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
Human rights activist Aisha Yesufu uses the name Igbo Somtochukwu, meaning join me in praising God and condemning how President Buhaari threatened the Igbo people saying the attack on the Igbo people was the attack on me:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Yesufu.
Any threat to the Igbo people is to threaten me and me.
To attack the Igbo people is to attack me.
I condemn 1967 threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
Rock artist and music producer Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his enthusiasm for the country to go ahead of these hate-filled remarks:
The explanation that Nigeria takes the Igbo people is narrow and leaves the same unchanging attitude
#KomeshaSarsRinuola [Rinu] activist Oduala, using the name Kigbo Ochiaga, meaning the leader of the armed forces, proudly recalled the huge contribution of Igbo women to Nigeria's history, referring to Aba Women's Rebellion in November 1929:
I remember the Aba Women Rebellion in which at least 25,000 women protested against colonial harassment.
I come from this remote region of women, born with the courage & endurance of years of harassment and injustice.
My name is Rinu Ochiagha Oduala #IAmIgbo
Blossomurumba, an Igbo translator for Global Voices, noted that the threat begins with the humiliation of the individual:
People's personality becomes easier to eradicate the moral anxiety about killing, discrimination or torture others simply because of ethnic identity.
If they are not considered human, it is easy to justify violent acts against them.
Personality manipulation, according to Ozurumba, makes it easier to eradicate moral contact with acts of murder, discrimination, or persecution of people simply because of their ethnic background.
Photo by makitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a heated debate arose on Kenyan social media about the comments made in the air by three radio broadcasters during the morning program Breakfast Show.
Advertisers were discussing an ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was pushed outside a 12 - story building by a man with whom she had relationships.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans angered broadcasters Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa with their remarks on a case of alleged sexual harassment, calling the broadcasters victims-to-blame.
Shaffieins that she was pushed from the 12th floor of a building in Nairobi after saying no to the man because she left herself so much and was free to put herself in a similar situation.
What hell!
The case divides netizens as some agree with the publishers.
Though the three were fired by the radio station, it made it clear how opposition to space in Kenya has grown to women.
There are 21.75 million Internet users in Kenya, or 40 percent of the population in the country according to data research by DataReportal in 2021.
Nearly 11 million people are social media users, a 2.2 - percent increase compared with the year 2020.
According to another report by the International Telecommunication System (GSMA), the number of mobile phone owners is about the same for women and men with five percent more for men who own or have access to the Internet than for women, in three Kenyan netizens one is female.
As few in Kenya, women in Kenya have often developed to target cyberbullying.
And although a law against cyberbullying was passed in the country that defines behavior such as socializing in a way that could cause anxiety or fear of violence or the destruction or loss of property of the victims with a sentence of up to 10 years in prison, cyberbullying is still widespread.
Here are two more popular incidents that resulted in the past 12 robberies that social media has used as a platform for the exploitation of women in Kenya.
COVID 19.
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich grew up with the first COVID -19 patient in Kenya.
After he recovered, he came and described his journey when the world began to understand about this new virus.
But Cheroich was not received as warmly as he expected.
After reacting to the media in April 2020, he was confronted with online harassment and harassment from Kenyan On Twitter (popular #KOT word often used to describe Kenyan live Twitter users engaging in debates on the web) who sought to humiliate and ask the truth about his story.
Other cyberbullies interfered with her personal life, her personal conversations and photos were widely circulated online, after being viralized by a friend or a close friend.
Its hairstyle looks like Corona itself
Following this annoyance, Kenyan minister of health Mutahi Kagwe appeared in behalf of Brenda, calling for the arrest of the persecutors and calling them an embarrassing effort undermining the government's efforts to fight COVID-19.
Minister of Health Mutahi Kagwe told police to convict social media users of persecuting Brenda
And yet another victim recently fell on the #KOT attack: TV broadcaster Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and supporting the minister's argument against cyberbullies.
I totally disagree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your statement is pointless.
It is boisterous and smells to the upper heavens.
WHERE was your voice when your fellow women took naked man (Lonyangapuo) off and shared naked pictures of him?
This is poisonous
Okwara criticized the persecutors for targeting women.
Brian Orinda, the three victims of COVID-19, who was present when he made his recovery trip with Brenda, said that he did not get the same response.
This triggered the fingers of keyboards who had their own day on Twitter assaulting Okwara.
Full - time use of a sex card.
Women are to safeguard their dignity first.
Taking pictures like these and sharing them is also immoral.
The humble and foolish situation from Okwara.
So little wonder if Corona ate the brain.
Men's nudity was online lately.
He has suddenly been forgotten by choosing about it.
At the beginning of the year, Attorney General Kanze Dena was also victimized by Kenyan genocide.
As he grew up holding a press conference in hafla, cyberbullies humiliated his body for his weight.
Soon there was a debate on social media, and Kenya’s part and media hook-up in defense of Dena.
He is so fat, long, short!
Who set the standards of how women should look?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena has gained weight?
True, she is a new mother, but, indeed, she is indebted to no one!
Please give him a break!
This is new underneath we must reject
The Elephant, one of Kenya’s largest digital media outlets, noted that social media outlets in Kenya and around the world have become boundaries of poisoning and harassment.
There is no controversy that social media has been a vital tool for social and professional development, mostly for women.
Many women have built their on the market and, in the process, have learned how to get along with others.
Many find customers to buy and sell their products on the market.
Others find platforms for empowerment, and cause hundreds if not millions of social enterprises that not only promote economic growth but directly empower young men and women economically.
They have also learned how to improve their knowledge of entrepreneurship in the field.
Social media, of course, has emerged as an opportunity to do business.
This is essential for economic empowerment and the knowledge of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to engage in important online discussions on topics that directly affect their lives, the Internet must be a safer place than it is now.
Rainbow flags.
Image by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
Countries in the Caribbean, one by one, have been revising its laws to reflect more equality for homosexuals by removing the elements of colonial times that were inhibiting antisocial behavior.
In 2016, it started in Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, although his move has not been translated into a change of law.
Three years after the court declared that these laws were going against the constitution, Trinadad and Tobago seem finally on their way to reform the principles of the Equal Opportunity Act (EOA) on homosexuality.
aims to curb some forms of prejudice and to promote equal opportunities for people with different circumstances.
For this reason, the Opportunity Commission and the Court of Equal Opportunity were set up to address these issues but so far, the agencies are failing to address the issues of discrimination against homosexuality.
The existing laws deal with gender, race, ethnicity, ethnicity, religion, marital status, or disability on employment, education, education, and so on.
The pressure to amend the current legislation was heightened after the Scotiabank Bank in Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it will expand the influence of health care for couples of employees who are homosexual, as it is for couples of employees of the opposite sex.
The announcement sparked a heated discussion in the country and was commended by the American Chamber of Commerce (AMCHAM) and by Ian Roach, chairman of the Commission for Equal Opportunities, quoted in his remarks by Trinidad and Tobago's Newsday newspaper, saying:
It is a good step on the part of the private sector and especially the bank, which has a wide variety of employees.
It is important and others follow this step, along with what the law asserts.
Federal Attorney General Faris Al-Rawi said he was encouraged by the move of the Scotiabank Bank to protect the rights of the people and that the doors are open to do what is needed to eradicate all forms of discrimination in the country.
Al-Rawi’s position seems to have changed according to his position after the 2018 Supreme Court's judgment; soon after an unconstitutional decision was handed down, the government announced its intention to appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made great progress in eradicating various forms of discrimination, when it comes to the issue of discrimination against the homophobic of the country, the fear of suspects using religious arguments has not changed much.
In response to the public's reaction to the Scotiabank Bank's announcement on social media platforms such as Facebook, the protest was intense.
Meanwhile, homosexuals continue not only to deal with prejudice but also to deal with atrocities, many ending in death.
In the recent incident, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the LGBT community in the area where he lives, sparked a heated online discussion about the harsh conditions that homosexuals face, especially their safety and discrimination.
Many of these conversations have been carried out via Twitter Spaces, a platform for voice conversations that allows for dialogue and safe education.
While Attorney-General Al Rawi has not given an official time to make the changes in the law, for the homosexuals and their partners, the hope remains that the actions taken by private companies such as the Scotiabank Bank may soon be undertaken by the government, eventually bring about a change in the image of society as a whole.
Duval, French engineer and founder of Gaël Institute.
Photo used with permission.
For Internet and technology companies, the data gathering of Internet users has become their main source of income.
However, this form of earning an income puts users at risk as it manifests itself in the occasional phenomena of exposure to commercial information, a massive leakage of information and trafficking.
Is there an effective way to improve the privacy rights of Internet users?
Companies such as Google and Apple have invested in daily data gathering, especially on mobile phones, and a combination of regular applications such as a calendar and an agenda.
A number of applications have been tracking the real person's position, and on the other hand use of health and sports issues concentrating on collecting data for customers "infections.
These data are believed to be collected and analyzed with the aim of simplifying and imparting to the user what he or she urgently needs.
The fact is, Internet users and technological users do not realize, however, that they are offering their information free of charge.
Internet privacy activists, such as Austrian Max Schrems, expressed his feelings about the system of internet companies and the use of technology to make ends meet with their customers’ information.
He illuminates the dangers of repeated incidents of harassment and violations of the law on privacy rights.
One of these events has been well documented in a Facebook scandalous case known as the Cambridge Analytica case in which the Cambridge Analytica Consultative Institute collected personal data of 87 million Facebook users without their consent to help presidential candidates Ted Cruz and Donald Trump in early 2016.
Schrem said he warned Facebook representatives about the Cambridge Analytica data gathering of their customers, and yet he was not able to convince them to take action:
Facebook representatives bluntly pointed out that in their opinion, when you use the owner's platform you have allowed the people to pack their applications [on cell phones and other devices] to collect user data.
Why, though, ask yourself about the right to privacy online when you have nothing to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden had the answer to this question in a 2015 Reddit discussion:
To think that you don't care about privacy online because you don't have something to hide is like to think that you don't care about the right to express yourself because you don't have anything to say.
The reality of the damage done by the use of information technology platforms
French computer engineer and data expert Gaël Duval has long been involved in the development of computer applications including Mandrake Linux, a functional system (based on Windows) that everyone has the right to improve and then be used by others.
Duval decided to create a continuous system that helps provide a reliable protection of the information of mobile phone users: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke to him to understand how information technology affects people's lives, opportunities, and the consequences.
Here is his perspective on the development of this information technology:
This is a philosophical question.
Personally I have mixed feelings about information technology because I'm always very passionate about technology.
However, there are times when I feel tired, and I remember those times when you need to make a phone call, you are going to a specially designated place.
Needless to say, it was a perfect and fleeting life.
Young people may be surprised that until I turned five, there was no telephone or television at home.
Sometimes I think I was living a completely different world, one that at present is not at all.
On the other hand, it is especially interesting when we try to imagine what we can do with the availability of modern technology, such as contacting someone in a very different part of the world through high - quality video clips and witnessing gas - free electric vehicles filling our lungs with dangerous smoke.
For those who look back, let alone the pleasures and pleasures of the years of the analogia system, we are now facing a real danger of support in information technology.
A 2018 study of children's behavioral problems and passive use of cellular phones found that the widespread use of cellular phones leads to a number of problems, including ADD and sonona.
A survey published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50 percent of young people in the state of Los Angeles said they would not be able to stay without their smart phone.
The impact of the recent use of these technologies was highlighted by credible sources in The Social Dilemma's Instagram article, which explains the testimony of former employees of large companies including Google, Twitter and Facebook who explain how they were setting up an environment to lure users into addiction for profit.
Some governments have tried to cope with the problem by enriching laws to raise consumer awareness and increased accountability to the companies involved.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) passed the Mother Information Protection Act (GDPR).
This law has added a number of regulations on data management including obtaining the user's unquestioning consent for his data and requiring the companies involved to delete the data within a three - year period without coercion.
This law also provides a great ransom for those who do not respect these principles.
Its implementation, however, is faced with a lack of functions in governmental authorities, and also, this law applies only to member nations of the EU.
A key to empowering information technology users
In the meantime, Duval was tempted to provide a tool that will enable people to take responsibility for protecting their own information, as he explains:
Your statements are yours, since our statements belong to us, and to those who think they shouldn't, they don't want freedom and peace, or they own an advertising-spoiled business- since a person's personal information can help sell more expensive ads.
Here's how the system he has created works:
It is a sophisticated digital system that does not use any data [to Google] such as when you operate, where you are and which takes into account the privacy of the user.
In no way does this system censor the user's personal information.
It also offers basic online services such as e - mail, banking, calendar, and keeping in touch everything connected to the sophisticated mobile system.
When it comes to personal data, Google and Apple have a similar objective to Google's commercial network, which is based on 8 to 12 billion dollars a year for installing Google's IPhones and iPads.
Duval added:
Using iPhone, the user sends an average of 6 MB of his data to Google, per day.
It is twice the amount sent by Android users.
Besides, Apple's external system is shut down, and there is absolutely no transparency on the inside.
It should just trust them.
As for us, we allow to change our privacy policy: all the /e/OS systems and resources of online reserve organizations (the elements used in the creation of this system) are available free.
This system can be questioned and evaluated by experts.
In the face of widespread use of smart phones, it is apparent that laws alone are not enough to build understanding and give users accurate tools and knowledge to protect their data and here comes the importance of digital tools that help users to be more accountable
Information and understanding are essential in defense against HIV-19.
A screenshot shows Kenyan health workers educating the public about UVIKO-19.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire under CC BY 2.0
The release of the UVIKO 19- vaccine in Kenya has been characterized by accusations of corruption, discrimination and corruption that have left many poor and elderly citizens waiting in long lines outside public hospitals this time that the country is facing the third epidemic of UVIKO-19.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans are paying up to $100 in advance calls, as explained on several Kenyan accounts online as well as Kenyan and international media.
In early March, Kenya purchased more than 1 million doses of the Oxford-AstraZeneca vaccine through the Worldwide availability of HIV19 vaccine, organized by the World Health Organization (WHO) through COVAX.
The acceptance of the vaccines launched a free vaccination campaign in selected public and private hospitals.
The release of the drugs was divided into three stages: health servants and immigration and security officers, citizens over 58 years of age and adults with various health problems, and other citizens living in dangerous environments like those living in informal settlements.
The country is dependent on receiving 24 million doses through COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya aims to vaccinate 50 percent of its citizens by June 2022, in collaboration with COVAX and international aid.
In a press release, UNICEF Representative in Kenya Maniza Zaman congratulated the arrival of the first vaccines in Kenya.
Following the arrival of these vaccines, UNICEF and its allies are congratulating the COVAX commitment to ensure that people from less economically capable countries are not left behind in this international vaccination lifesaving program, he said.
The third scheme, however, was disrupted after the exercise began because of the last-minute decision to speed up the second phase of the scheme as a way of dealing with the third wave of infection, opposing political interests, and the failure of the government to communicate and inform the public.
In an interview on Kenya's UVIKO 19 vaccination program, Patrick Gathara, a Kenyan journalist and a highly prized political cartoonist, said:
Politicians selfishly claimed that they should be given priority to build faith in citizens, although the Ministry of Health has already the absence of strong opposition to the vaccine.
Since the government has ignored the requirement to explain its plan to the public, there was much controversy as to where and when people are expected to stand on the line.
Despite the government's direction to give priority to citizens over 58 years of age, the Kenyan media that businessmen and politicians outside this age group have been getting services out of order, highlighting the extreme discrimination between the poor and the money owners.
Meanwhile, elderly and poor Kenyans, who do not have a network of help people and no money to bribe, seem to be waiting in line all day from 11 am, and end up being asked to return another day because the drugs are gone, according to a report in The Washington Post.
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washngton Post.
Without someone to help you complete the entire process, what will you do?
A similar incident was at another government hospital by @_Sativa, a Twitter user based in Nairobi, who is also a Kenyan.
On Twitter, he described what his aunt met with, a retired teacher over 60.
While the elders waited in the stall, the nurse called names and the young men came forward and got a vaccine in advance.
When her aunt asked what was going on, a nurse gave her a [telephone] number that she could spend money, she said on Twitter.
Following the increasing popularity of the vaccination campaign, Kenya's Minister of Health, Mutahi Kagwe told the press:
I guess we've come to a place where we don't realize that anyone can go to a vaccine center and get a service.
I want to put it well, those who offer a vaccination service will be accountable for each drug they have taken and that the medications used must be linked to someone who qualifies for the service.
Kenyan National Association of Nurses Alfred Obengo urged Kenyans who are not on the list of priorities to avoid standing in a vaccination line.
Explaining how the Kenyan government could escape the controversy in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes his post saying:
We could avoid this as the Kenyan government and its global allies, including the World Health Organization and the governments of the west, would work with Kenya as the pursuit of this plan and not a brutally abused and exploited colony.
Sadly, the Kenyan colony does not know what else to do.
Last December, the whole world headed for Argentina, where abortion was officially legalized.
But to what extent are girls and women forced into being parents in other parts of the world?
Watch Global Voices Insights (leaped on 7 April), where our South American editor Melissa Vida talks about reproductive rights with the following professionals and activists:
Debora Drazil: a cultural expert who is conducting research projects on biological ethics, women's rights, human rights and health issues.
He is teaching the University of Brasilia, but also researching at Brown University, and is a rights activist.
The documentary on abortion, equality in marriage, separation of governments and religious issues and research on sick cells has won national and international awards and has been awarded at various competitions.
Joy Asira): a prominent advocate of African Family Health, Human Rights, and Gender issues and global advocacy strategy, a promoter of campaigns, and activism and organization.
Joy was awarded the Uganda Association of Lawyers (ULS) Award for the Best Women's Lawyer for Human Rights in 2018/2019 and was recognized as a leading female member of the World Health Organization at the 2017 Stanford University Women's World Leaders Summit.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of the Manushya Foundation, which started in 2017 (Manushya is a Sanskrit word for Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-Man-
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer dedicated to the rights of marginalized communities.
R Uma Ahmed (Pakistan): independent journalist.
He was originally an assistant editor of The News on Sunday and newspaper The Nation.
R Uma has more than 10 years of experience in online content and magazines.
He has dedicated himself to digital security, women and animal rights.
He is also a Global Voices contributor.
Dominica Lasota: 19-year-old climate activist and part of the Fridays For Future and Women's Strike movement.
A telephone finance agency waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under 2020 content regulations, freedom of expression has been imposed by high fees and the government’s authority to eliminate illegal content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a small media project that calls on the government to address digital rights challenges in the journal Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
In early March, when Tanzanians started questioning the health and address of President John Magufuli, many citizens used social media to ask questions and even express concerns.
In response, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to spread misinformation about the president.
The authorities referred to Tanzania's 2015 Cybercrime Act and the 2020 Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations (EPOCA) to explain the possibility of arresting and including all who violated the laws.
This is a continuation of government action, which has repeatedly used cybercrime laws and online content regulations to regulate and restrict digital rights and freedom of speech in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on national television that John Magufuli was dead.
A few days later, Hassan was sworn as the sixth president of Tanzania.
At the time, at least four people had been arrested in various parts of the country for spreading false rumors about health and where Magufuli is.
Many now wonder whether Tanzania will review its online content regulations after Magufuli's rule, or whether these regulations will remain in force until 2025 the remainder of Magufuli period that President Samia Hassan will complete.
In March, Innocent Bashungwa, Tanzanian Minister of Information, Culture, Arts and Sports, issued a warning to the press to avoid spreading rumors about Magufuli, who had not been seen publicly since February 27.
The Minister of Justice and Constitutional Affairs, Mwigulu Nchemba, also threatened netizens with a prison sentence on his Twitter account for spreading senseless rumors, referring to Article 89 of the Penal Code and Article 16 of the Cybercrime Code.
Police chief Ramadan Kingai expressed a desire to get acquainted with a Twitter account called Kigogo, which has long figured out against the badness of the government.
Human rights activists have condemned these actions taken by government officials and the fear created by these regulations as well as the threats accompanied by their implementation.
Online Content Principles: Improved digital rights
Over the past decade, Tanzania has strong internet and remarkable advances in communications and technology.
Despite the progress, the government has been establishing a climate of control over companies and negotiation platforms and hence the independent media are failing to distinguish themselves in terms of the type of opinion published by the image of its representative.
The Internet has created a new online platform for Tanzanian youth bloggers and social media activists to shout their voices, but the government does not seem to agree with the new reality.
In 2010, Tanzania published the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, which was of its kind in the country.
By 2018, specific regulations for online content were adopted by the Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations (Electronic Content) 2018.
The government argued that these regulations were aimed at closely monitoring the use of social media, to combat the problem of hate and cyberbullying.
However, these regulations were applied not only to mainstream media but also to individual bloggers and content service providers, who were surprised by the new legal obligation to pay $900 (U.S.) for licenses.
The requirement also applied to anyone preparing and distributing television or radio broadcasts online.
A flash of darkness on social networks followed by this unexpected fee requirement in which many bloggers and content producers decided to quit their activities because of the high cost.
Opposition politicians and social media users criticized these regulations for violating freedom of social media and civil society.
In 2020, Tanzania submitted a new adjustment to online content regulations, under Article 103 of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and went into effect in July 2020, and announced them through Announcement No 538 in the Government Magazine.
Some of the major differences between the 2018 and 2020 editions of the Internet Content Regulations o (EPOCA) are as follows:
First, Tanzania Communications Authority (TCRA) re-established tax collections and added smaller groups under online content: information & information, entertainment and education or religion, and continued to restrict private content.
2020 Content Code, Section VI, Article 116:
Anyone who offers online services without a proper license commits an offense and is punishable by a fine of at least 6 million Tanzanian Shillings [$2,587] or a prison sentence of at least 12 months or all together.
Second, it added a list of nonpermitted content and included, among other things, content that encourages recording people's phones, surveillance of communications, theft of data, censorship of communications, recording and interference in communications or conversations without permission.
Third, the Internet Content Regulation (EPOCA 2020) has also reduced the number of times a licensed person can work for a violation of content regulations by having an account suspended or disconnected.
Under the principles of 2018, the licensed owner had 12 hours to do so.
But in 2020, under Section III, Article 11, the time limit for handling any violations of content was reduced to 2 hours.
Failure to respect the moment gives the authority permission to interfere, either by blocking or withdrawing the account.
Global Voices spoke with some law and human rights experts who criticized the 2020 Content Principles amendment, saying it violates digital rights and civil society’s rights.
They said these regulations defy digital rights and prohibit bloggers and journalists from possessing online content.
The problem is that no precautions have been made to prevent this authority from being abused, and in the current case, this authority has been damaging to freedom of expression in Tanzania, said one of the human rights experts who asked to be ignored.
After Magufuli: Digital rights future in Tanzania
Under Magufuli’s administration, civil society, media and digital rights have been rapidly deteriorating as a result of strangling, progressively, freedom of speech online.
After Magufuli’s sudden death, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country after six years of leadership that continued to show signs of violence.
Global Voices spoke to some government officials on the condition of being unnamed about the new regulations and the state of human rights and free speech online.
A biandamu rights expert in Tanzania told Global Voices, on the condition of not being mentioned:
These regulations are unfair because anyone can be convicted, since few citizens understand the translation of these regulations.
Another thought the government is viewing social media as a nuisance.
He cautioned citizens to take precautions when speaking on public platforms because the government has the legal power to get all their information through the platform owners.
Internet content regulations for 2020 make it virtually impossible to be unknown online, under Article 9(e), Internet cafeteria service providers are obliged to register using identifiable identification cards, install only IP addresses and install security cameras to record all activity in their work area, according to this analysis by Tanzania's Press Council.
These regulations contribute to criminal acts that violate the dignity of the people, restrict the right to innocence, impose severe penalties for violation of these regulations and authorize the extermination of content to the TCRA and other instruments under it.
The online content regulation (EPOCA) is out of harmony with the internationally accepted standards of digital rights.
In all, these regulations undermine freedom of speech and press freedom in Tanzania.
The Tanzanian government, however, is obliged to respect and protect the rights of people to express themselves and to assemble, including journalists, civil society members, and opposition politicians, in accordance with the Tanzanian Constitution and international and regional agreements.
These rights are essential for the exercise of the right to vote.
Tanzania is on the threshold of digital rights.
Under the recently appealed President Hassan, the question is whether the Chama Cha Mapinduzi will continue to silence and restrict digital rights in the country?
The editor of the article's suggestion has asked his name not to be known for security reasons.
Taking Tanzania forward was not so easy when President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
The slogan was Kazi Tu, seen in the green and yellow hats, the colors of Tanzania’s ruling party, Magufuli’s Movement of Revolution.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people are gathering at sports stadiums, airports and along roads, in various parts of Tanzania, where the remains of the late President John Pombe Magufuli were shipped from Dar es Salaam to allow people to be honored for a week in Yanga, the state headquarters, the Zanzibar Islands, Mwanza and Chato, his home, on the edge of Lake Victoria, where he is buried.
Magufuli died at 61 years of age, on March 17, in a speech by former Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan, broadcast on state television, an announcement that ended several weeks of rumors about the presidential state and whereabouts.
He allegedly died of a heart attack:
The death of the president of the Federal Republic of Tanzania.
Magufuli’s sudden death, however, has left Tanzanians, and others, questioning the impact of politics and governance in the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was sworn to be the sixth president of Tanzania, recording the history of being the first woman to be president of Tanzania, the second president to be born on the islands of Zanzibar in part of Tanzania, and the first Muslim woman to occupy the highest service position in Tanzania.
Under Tanzania’s constitution, Hassan will serve the remainder of Magufuli’s five-year presidential term up to 2025.
In this short video, widely circulated on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about his ability to lead as a woman:
To all those who doubt that this woman will be president of the Federal Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell you that this woman standing here is president.
I would like to repeat that the one standing here is the president of the Federal Republic of Tanzania, who is feminist.
While Tanzanians still mourn Magufuli and continue to contemplate the sudden change, many seem to be optimistic about Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, leader of the ACT Nationalist Party, has hopes and Hassani’s history in activism and work as a member of civil society.
The best story of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes told by him Himself.
He says he was activist.
He was a man of civil society.
Thank you Sin for making me see this.
It is not boring to listen.
While Hassan is better known as a pioneer, calling for unity and quiet in this transition, Magufuli is known as a bulidozar, a nickname he received as the Minister of Construction recognizing his efficiency in ensuring the construction of roads.
To Remember Magufuli
Kanga memorializes the fifth president of Tanzania, John Magufuli, who died on March 17, 2021.
Goodbye our god tells you good / We will always remember our hero
Many Tanzanians and Africans in general remember Magufuli on social media for bad and good.
Magufuli's badness and goodness cannot be contradicted with equal weight, which means that the memory he leaves behind is complex yet profoundly meaningful.
Camps for Magufuli’s supporters and anti- Magufuli’s will not disagree and the debate will continue for years.
Magufuli gained popularity in the first days of his presidency for his promises to fight corruption with power.
Efforts to set up major projects aimed at building infrastructure and industrial development fostered the hopes of many Tanzanians for independence after decades of international aid.
In April of last year, Magufuli refused a $10 billion (U.S.) loan from China for the huge port project interested in implementing Bagamoyo near Dar es Salaam, saying, only a drunkard can comply with the terms.
This anchor leads President Magufuli to last year's elections.
You Promised You Did Thank You.
It is embellished with pictures of Magufuli's success in road construction, airplane buying, bridge construction and modern railway.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His stand against corruption also appealed to the West, and the media initially put his stand on a positive note.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as a son of Africa indeed by an African advocate who put Africa's interests first.
Some remember him as a popular president putting patriotism above everything else:
I've been following Tanzania's mourning to John Magufuli.
We opposed his dictatorship and criticized him for his ignoring behavior, but obviously, by looking at people standing on the streets [to say good - bye], this guy was famous.
However, Magufuli's regime was a dictatorship that greatly affected human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been following a decline in civil rights and human rights protection.
Tanzania fell sixth in the Freedom of Expression measure which measured democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
While the Parliament was discussing the Political Party Act in January 2019, a law that was violated for sticking up the political parties, it was translated as a serious symptom when an owl was seen inside the parliament building.
The Magufuli administration repeatedly applied laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA), or the Cybercrime Act to expose voices to free speech.
The 2020 regulations were intended to discourage citizens from disseminating information that could lead to disruptions of peace or provocation and information on epidemics or serious illnesses without having to be verified by the government through its top officials.
The people could not speak of the earthquake that struck coastal areas last month, apart from the news of an eruption in the country that occurred some months later.
And during two weeks of rumors about Magufuli’s presence and his health in early March, at least four people were allegedly arrested for tweeting about the president’s illness.
Or did he die to the Korona?
Magufuli died of a heart disease allegedly receiving treatment for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many questioning whether he might have been infected with the Korona virus (UVIKO-19).
For many western countries Magufuli will be remembered for denying the presence of the Korona disease in his country.
While the government took precautions and gave some guidelines on how to combat the spread of the disease, but afterward, from time to time, Magufuli has taken the ban on people’s activities as a greater economic threat than the virus.
He often challenged international health guidelines such as wearing a barakoa, avoiding traffic jams and vaccines and urged citizens to rely on applications and alternative therapies as an alternative.
After Magufuli's census of the Corona epidemic was announced last April, he insisted that Corona had failed in prayer.
Shortly thereafter, he declared that Tanzania does not have Korona syndrome.
Although it is impossible to say how much the Korona affected Tanzania, what we know is that the Korona did not depart.
When the new Korona eruption struck in January, many Tanzanians shared their testimonies on social networks telling about their suffering from a disease with symptoms like Korona.
Realizing they could be arrested for discussing Corona, the discussions went in the name of a new pneumonia and respiratory problems.
But Magufuli took his stand against the tattoos in a speech he gave in his home in Chato on January 27:
If a vaccine were available, he would discover a vaccine for AIDS; he would discover the cause of TB; and now he would know a vaccine for malaria; he would find a vaccine for cancer.
This statement could be taken as a backdrop for Magufuli’s predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who once served as world ambassador to defense in the beginning of 2016.
One month ago, Magufuli finally admitted that his country has a problem with corona, urging Tanzanians to wear their own-made barashes.
Curious people say Magufuli’s change of attitude toward the corona was due to the death of Zanzibar’s Vice-President Seif Sharif Hamad.
Several high-ranking officials from a prominent political class near Magufuli have died of the disease.
As multitudes continue to assemble to give their last honor to the late president, his death has, on the other hand, brought some relief.
Shortly after Magufuli’s death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social media to talk openly about life as it was during the Korona eruption in Tanzania, when the president expressed his intentional ignorance of the Korona virus.
On Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the eruption of Corona began to catch a global epidemic.
Tanzania was not abandoned.
But in April 2020 we stopped any joint efforts to control the spread of the disease in the country.
In his last tweets, he said:
He died to the Korona?
Yes, of course.
This one and that one.
By them.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But not the ones you want to talk to?
They are not the story itself.
It is part of the story.
A friend is looking for you.
Can you?
Can we make this happen to us?
Please do so.
I will.
Tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze explains the change in Magufuli’s position, but he uses a tactic to understand another’s feelings, a tactic that seems to overwhelm Magufuli himself once more and forgive him.
Tanzanians agree on the controversy and seriousness of Magufuli’s death and the memories he leaves behind at the moment their eyes closed looking forward.
Who has the power to decide what to see and what not to see online?
This is the most important question posed by activist and author Jillian C. York in his next book Silicon Values,* that is to be launched on March 23, 2021.
On February 10pm GMT, Jillian will join Global Voices executive director Ivan Sigal for a video business discussion about his book, which, as he explains in the foreword, we are seeking to explore the history of how the Silicon Valley mass media platforms developed their special network, which governs how we can express ourselves online.
Jillian, director of International Freedom of Expression for Electronic Frontier Foundation, and a well-known longtime member of Global Voices, where she struggles to write about digital freedom and freedom of expression in the context of the Middle East.
The show is free and open to the public and will go live on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We are eager to see you join us on Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00pm GMT (click here to see how long you are in the area)!
*Buying this book via this link will help to contribute to Global Voices.
A young man watching his mobile phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, by USAID / Digital Development Communications on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first Korona virus in Tanzania in mid-March, 2020.
However, after the figures continued to rise to 509 patients and 21 deaths in late April, the Tanzanian government announced that there was not even one UVIKO 19-patient in June.
Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told the parliament that there were only 66 patients across the country that month, but he gave no further explanation.
Since then, the government has remained silent about the Korona virus as strong political statutes deny its existence and continue to be released without any trace of patients and deaths.
Today, many operations continue as usual, including the tourism sector in Tanzania, which attracts thousands of visitors to enter the country through disorderly airports.
The airport Zanzibar got the lowest two - star mark on the health and safety assessment by the Skytrax Safety Inspectors at the airport against UVIKO-19, the only measure of certainty to confirm the measures taken by airport authorities to strengthen the alertness to the outbreak of the disease.
According to the Skytrax report, two new patients infected with the new South African virus proved to have traveled into Denmaki on January 19, from Tanzania.
An eagerly anticipated annual concert, Voices of Discretion, will take place in mid-February on the islands of Zanzibar, sponsored by the EU in Tanzania and some of the European embassies in Tanzania, this time the country is facing a high risk of the new version of the Korona virus spreading across Britain, South Africa, and Brazil.
The Catholic province of Arusha issued a warning in January to its parishioners against the presence of UVIKO 19- in Tanzania, and urged its parishioners to follow all the necessary health precautions to protect themselves from the spread of the virus in churches.
Although the news shows that Tanzania has fewer patients in comparison with other countries, the government’s silence on UVIKO 19- statistics has created alarm among health professionals and human rights activists, who have been discouraged from speaking and talking to UVIKO 19- on social media platforms.
The country amended the 2018 edition of Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations (Online Content in July), blocking content that contains information about the outbreak of a deadly or killer disease in or anywhere in the country without the authority's permission.
Although previous measures were taken to control viral infection, schools, colleges, offices, and other social functions have recently returned to normal.
However, the virus continues to spread throughout the country.
President John Magufuli expressed concern about the quality of the lab equipment and the integrity of his colleagues after a secret trial allegedly made using papayas and goats to answer that they had an infection with the virus.
The president said these figures were causing undue alarm and soon thereafter, he dismissed Nyambura Moremi, director of the national health laboratory, for allegedly weighing the results.
THE ministry’s 19 team for handling it ended in dismantling.
One month, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following three days of national petition.
He made this public declaration at a Sunday service, amid the faithful who were praising him, claiming that God had answered their petitions.
Magufuli praised the parishioners for not wearing the barakoa, along with the call of the World Health Organization to ask people to wear the barakoa to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, dubbed the bulldozer for his harsh stand against corruption, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in a largely disproportionate election against the opposition.
Before the election, Tanzanians were surprised by the shutdown of networks where all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were blocked.
To this day, many Tanzanians are unable to access Twitter without the aid of VPN technology.
For more than five years, Magufuli’s administration has undermined freedom of democracy and civil society as well as freedom of expression and access to information on digital platforms.
Following the rigorous government stance to deny the existence of UVIKO-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any UVIKO19 data that the government is not granted, which means that ordinary citizens including journalists and health professionals are prohibited from commenting on UVIKO19 on digital platforms or obtaining important information.
The right to information on UVIKO 19- has turned out to be a class discrimination, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices under a misunderstanding, afraid of being fired.
Unlike other countries with specialized teams working for UVIKO-19, Tanzania has a website with relatively little old information about UVIKO-19.
The rejection of UVIKO 19- appears to be acceptable to many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore important precautionary measures such as wearing a barakoa and avoiding traffic jams.
A number of hospitals, including Muhimbili, a government appeal hospital in Dar es Salaam, the country’s cultural capital, and Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Yanga, the political capital, were visited, and saw a few precautions taken to combat the spread of the coronary virus.
People are allowed to enter hospitals without wearing shells, there are few cleaning equipment and washing hands and those where there is no water or broken, which was witnessed, for example, in the ward of pregnant women Muhimbili.
While Magufuli's administration has shown little concern about the impact of the virus on the daily lives of citizens, many of his government's ministers and departments agree that UVIKO-19 exists.
Tanzanian finance minister wants his Ministry staff to take all precautions to protect themselves against the corona virus, while at the same time saying Tanzania is not affected by UVIKO-19.
Photo from Mwananchi newspaper.
For example, when Magufuli was sworn in for the second time last year, government authorities took strict precautions against UVIKO-19, forcing all in attendance to measure the body temperature and wash their hands in specially watered and damp spots.
In January, Tanzanian finance minister Dr. Philip Mpango called on his ministry's staff to take precautions against UVIKO 19- while at the same time denying the presence of the disease in Tanzania, during his meeting in Yanga, the political headquarters.
Many local specialists are afraid to talk, in fear of action.
Global Voices spoke to a health expert who believed that Tanzania might be facing the second wave of the explosion but thought citizens were hidden.
The practitioner did not want a name, fearful of action.
A health expert told Global Voices under no mention that people must be aware of the behavior of the UVIKO 19- situation in order to take precautions to protect themselves and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that leaving people in the dark makes their work difficult but he believed that Tanzanians would try to protect themselves by taking all precautions as advised by the World Health Organization (WHO).
He told Global Voices:
Politicians have captured the whole issue of UVIKO 19- and are playing a dangerous game, but when people start dying they will begin to evict health workers.
A doctor who spoke to Global Voices under the circumstances not to mention his name said that while there is hope of protection, Tanzanian government statements to deny the existence of the disease will undermine access to it, because the government has taken no steps to find it in the world's markets, and instead to flee to herbal remedies.
In December 2020, a spokesman for the Health Minister Gerald Chamii expressed doubts about worldwide vaccination, telling the East African journal:
It does not take up to six months to get a vaccine or a cure for a disease.
We've had ourselves since the eruption started, I'm not sure if it is prudent to introduce the defense and spread it to the public without doing medical experiments to prove its safety to our people.
Information is a vital issue for democracy and development.
Tanzania’s internet use laws have been abused to silence voices by those who speak against Tanzania’s handling of UVIKO-19.
Freedom of expression, including the right to access, to receive, and to disseminate information, is protected by international law.
In Tanzania, the right to information, access and distribution of information, is recognized by Articles 18(1) and 18 (2) of the Constitution of the Federal Republic of Tanzania.
These rights, however, appear to be more a theory than a reality.
While the government denies the existence of UVIKO-19 and the existence of laws that prohibit people from reporting and commenting on the disease online and on the streets, Tanzanians are being left without basic information and many are afraid to talk.
This post is part of a series of articles that investigate digital rights violations during the closing of people to regulate the spread of UVIKO 19- in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
Sponsored by Africa's Digital Rights Foundation, the project is run by the International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and Southeast Africa (CIPESA).
Photo showing a graduation of a police training in Mozambique | Screenshot of August 19, STV Youtube, taken by the owner
A press release by the Mozambican police in August revealed that 15 students were pregnant at a police training school in Matalane, Maputo province.
The document says that these pregnancies are the result of the sexual relations between students and educators without explaining whether they were voluntary.
However, it has been explained that pregnant students will not be able to complete their studies at the present time, and they will travel back home with police transportation.
The statement concluded that the instructors involved would be suspended.
When asked by the newspaper O País on August 8, Police Commander General Bernardino Rafael said that all parties involved will meet with disciplinary procedures.
It wasn't long before this case was condemned on social media.
Several netizens expressed their disappointment with the school's decisions and demanded justice for the women.
Fattima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
Let the issue of Attention be taken seriously.
I am devastated by this issue of the pregnancy of 15 students at the Matalane Training Center.
This phenomenon.
It's a big thing because the documents showed the characters are the instructors.
Now one person with authority over another abortions and the consequences are little processes?
This reminds me of a teacher who demanded a sex bribe from her students in order to give them grades or not to humiliate them in class because they are ignorant from her standpoint, and instead of being accused the teacher was transferred to teach elsewhere.
And there he continues his nursing.
Women’s rights activist Chadeka also condemned this on Twitter:
Conflict Counsel
Creating a socially equal society in guaranteeing equal rights for citizens requires equal education and development policies that care for the development of citizens as well as scientific and ethical knowledge and nationalistic education.
Conflict Counsel
Blaming atrocities against women is common to societies with a male system, which is known for abusing women and leading them to obey the demands of men resulting in conviction for the actions of victims and reducing the guilt of persecutors.
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Divorce?
It is a tiny piece of ice that peers and Matalane is our product.
I think of the day when they will start explaining their answers, starting from their childhood.
Journalist and activist Selma Inocência said:
Very few teachers have been brought to trial, convicted, and convicted.
They are responsible for the loss of their childhood of thousands of girls.
School is not a safe haven.
Statistics show that hundreds of girls get pregnant in school and other participants are teachers, teachers, and school authorities.
The petition has been filed requiring punishment for the police officers involved.
So far more than 3,8000 people have signed up.
For the government this issue is fundamental and is undergoing a thorough investigation at the level of the Ministry and the head of the Mozambican police.
It cannot and will not tolerate such issues.
The law must take its course and it is for everyone.
No one is above the law.
The investigation continues by taking a closer look at all the facts in the case and taking into account the psychological and emotional well - being of the pregnant women because they deserve to be respected for their personality.
Another Trial
This is a continuation of cases of violence against women in Mozambique that are not in the media.
One of the most recent headlines was the case of Alberto Niquice, the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is facing a criminal case for rape of a 13-year-old child in 2018.
Earlier this year, 30 civil society institutions in Mozambique asked Niquice not to be ousted after being reelected in 1919.
However, the deputy took office and works as usual in parliament.
Another case in the media is the brutality of Josina Machel, daughter of Mozambique's first president, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three - year - old boyfriend Rofini Licuco with one - eye blindness.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months in prison as well as paid Josina a 300 million metric [$4.2 million, U.S.] ransom.
However, Rofino appealed and in June this year the Supreme Court of Appeals canceled the case for allegations that there was not enough evidence in this case.
On Tuesday's presentation, join Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
The year 2020 has not been complete.
We Global Voices have continued to publish news from all four corners of the world, bringing our readers a unique global perspective on issues like the eruption of UVIKO-19, racist movements, protests in such countries as Belarus and Thailand, and more, and more.
The journalists, journalists and digital rights activists of Global Voices has been working for over 16 years to build international bridges across countries and languages and to uphold freedom of the press, transparency of the Internet, and the right of everyone, anywhere and freedom of expression.
Please Donate to Global Voices This Tuesday
Our work with our international journalists is evidence that human relations regardless of the range of differences can change the way people understand the world.
Please help us today to carry on this vital work.
Subscribe to Global Voices >>
December 2004.
You had to be a university student using Facebook, Twitter was not yet in use, the aggressors were still living on the bridges of convincing stories.
Our phones were still unreasonable, leaking at the time meant water and would call a plumbing plumbing to repair, and Amazon.com was still unable to sell some products.
There were many news sites, blogs were there and they did well, and we started talking online.
That is where Global Voices was born.
We've been there for 15 years!
For dog age, that is 110 years.
For the Internet, that is the equivalent of 1000 years.
Today we wish to use this opportunity to thank our genius writers and our faithful readers and associates for giving Global Voices the strength and the ability to keep moving forward.
Since 2004, we have been able to contribute to the world's coverage.
We have published 100,000 articles, and have created specialized articles aimed at enabling local communities to use digital media and to fight for online rights, including a team of translators working in over 51 languages.
Without you, Global Voices would not be there.
Help us to complete another 15 years.
We mean we need your help.
Personal donations help us to safeguard our freedom and enable us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please support us today!
Contribute now!
Traveling across the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a hasty decision to deal with UVIKO-19.
The African Centers for Disease Control (ACDC) formed a labor force for UVIKO 19-February on February 5th, before the continent witnessed one patient.
Today Africa is the world's most affected area with 1,293,048 patients diagnosed with UVIKO 19 and the most impressive is 1,031,905 patients reporting recovery, according to Africa's CDCP.
This land has less than 5 percent of the world's patients and less than 1 percent of all deaths worldwide.
Now, if African countries led by the African Union are loosening the COVID19 barriers and are preparing to reopen their economy and borders, many governments are using sophisticated technology.
A combination of African technology that can monitor the spread and connect COVID19 testing stations across the continent has led to the use of PanaBIOS, a bio - monitoring technology supported by the African Union.
SOME have developed a program based on the rununu and the Internet and using algorithms to trace people at health risk and to keep a record of samples from nature to laboratories.
The technology is created by Koldchain, Kenya’s most prominent foundation, and funded by AfroChampions, public and private collaboration designed to bring together African resources and African private sector development institutions.
Ghana is the only country that uses PanaBIOS when it opens its borders.
Travelers can also use measurements from other countries to satisfy the demand for port permits to the countries they are traveling through the PanaBios program or in addition to the signals generated by the system for travel documents.
Harbor health officials are using a commercial appliance to verify health documents in the same way for all countries.
Complete laws to protect data and privacy
The coalition of Africa and Africa CDCP is urging member nations to share a market-based platform, PanaBIOS which will lead to global impact in the continent to be put together.
However, the infiltration of health has raised many questions about the accuracy and privacy of data.
Government surveillance and censorship can create fear and threaten to free citizenship, especially in lands where only 27 of 54 countries have a perfect law on protection and data privacy.
Ghana has changed the law to give the president an emergency power to cope with the disaster by ordering a telecommunications company to give customers’ personal details, such as client’s privacy, customer’s phone memory, mobile and unused money data, transactions for transactions merchants, and addresses.
For the protection and privacy of data, all mechanical learning techniques used by PanaBIOS are in the general data.
These are data collected for analysis of statistics not personal data targeting people unless they grow for tracking the victim, which will be required to reach suspects or victims.
To ensure privacy restrictions, the African Union, PanBIOS, and its allies should recommend how they will consider data protection laws of different countries to protect privacy, to ensure access to data and to avoid sharing data commercially.
Currently, the pragram does not have a public privacy policy, which explains to users the principles of collecting and sharing data.
How private policy will meet various objectives, arrogance, nationality, and data protection regulations such as the African Union Convention on Internet Safety and Personal Data Protection, of the South African Development Community (SADC) detailed data protection laws, the Economic Community of West African States (ECOWAS) Additional A / SA.1 / 01/10 Additional A / SA1 / 01/10 Additional A / SA1 / 01/10 Additional A / SA1 / 01/10 Additional Statistics Protection within ECOWAS and Eastern African Community Additional Internet regulations.
technological solutions have contributed to the success of coping with COVID-19 Africa
Along with AnaBIOS, some Afika nations have concluded a technological response to the spread of COVID-19.
Scientists from Sengali, for example, have developed a $1 COVID 19.
Wellvis, a Nigerian foundation, developed a COVID-19 testing tool, an independent Internet tool to help users measure their risk of contracting the corona virus according to the symptoms and history of the risk.
The South African government used WhatsApp to provide interference talks to answer common questions about fiction, symptoms and treatment of COVID-19.
And Uganda's women used the Garden Market program to sell their product at home using the program, and then a motorcycle taxi took the merchandise for the buyer.
Africa's success in controlling and monitoring the spread of COVID-19 has been linked to the young public, the relative capacity to measure and monitor the dead, and the possible presence of the SARS-CoV-2 antiseptic among other Africans.
But it is clear that the inventions based on technology have contributed significantly to the success of COVID-19, as well as the decision-making leadership at the beginning of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu, deputy physician and Bill and Melinda's organization shortened how, in January, as many Western nations hesitated, Ethiopia began a vigorous filtering of AddisAbaba's football field.
Rwanda became the first country in Africa to suspend conventional catacombs on March 21, and several countries in Africa to follow suit recently: South Africa implemented the most common catacombs when it grew with 400 cases and two deaths.
(And that public figure, Italy grew with more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths when it took action.)
By contrast, the number of victims of death in America is six times the number of Africans.
Public health experts estimated that the disaster would have a devastating impact on the African continent and the bodies of the dead in the streets.
Clearly, Africa has proved otherwise.
This story is based on a report by Factcheck Lab, a factual verification agency in Hong Kong, who is also a member of Global Voices news service where the journalist is a member.
Since September the news and social media coverage spreading on Chinese networks quoted otherwise as the chief scientist of the World Health Organization (SAD), Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, said Chinese immunization against COVID-19 has been proved effective.
These reports and publications quote the source of a minute video produced by China TV for a video-sharing program China Miaopai.
The video shows a speech by SAD executive director Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus speaking about the importance of developing UVIKO-19, followed by comments by Dr.Swaminathan.
In a CCTV video, which summarizes WHO chief scientist: China's UVIKO19 vaccines have been proved to have an effect (), this is Swaminathan's report:
As you know, they also have a perfect vaccine development program and some of the vaccines are progressing in clinical experiments, this is also a benefit to us, we follow it closely.
Some members have proved to be able to benefit from the ongoing clinical experiments.
However, Dr.Swaminathan's original speech has been edited.
The last sentence, in fact, began with the word if, and the background stalk made it come out as if he were saying you confirmed rather than verified.
Dr.Swaminathan's statement is as follows :
We have been involved with China for the past months because, you know, they also have a perfect program to develop their vaccines and their many vaccines are ahead of clinical tests, this is an interest to us, so we follow closely.
We have had an upbuilding and open discussion with them and have always insisted on their gentle global commitment if some of their vaccines have passed on on ongoing clinical trials [insistence has been increased].
So I think the talk is going on, it is still clear and we hope many countries will be ignoring us.
This statement was made at a press conference not to mention the SAD that took place on September 21.
A full copy of this one-and-a-half-hour episode can easily be transmitted.
The conference intended to submit a resolution on a plan that previously cost WHO's $18 billion ships and other agencies to send the UVIKO 19 vaccine to the world.
So far, 156 nations have registered in this arrangement; neither China nor America is among them.
As was estimated, CCTVT’s video, along with news reports and produced publications, has appealed to nationalistic concessions.
A publication in Weibo and the Daily Economic News has been popular with over 337,000 people.
Below are some popular comments:
I am very proud of my country.
This is the gift of the National Day and the mid - autumn Festival.
You can't imagine China's vengeance.
I'm proud of my country.
China has saved the world.
After the inspectors confirm that Dr.’s words have been misrepresented, the media, including CGTN and CCTV, canceled their publications on social media.
Among them is the Communist Youth League of China, whose publication was shared by Twitter user @Emi 2020JP before disappearing from Weibo:
Tedros should be vaccinated first.
As @Emi 2020JP, many of Twitter users believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and published an opinion of Tedros' disapproval:
Tedros is a toilet stammer!
I'm going to give Tedros an extra shot!
Yesterday my mother told me, the news in the country said America will buy a lot of cigarettes from China.
I have no need to explain.Let them live in their fantasy.
What a fine job, from covering up viral spread to tattoos advertising!
Although literature has been erased, copies of it are still circulating on social networks, such as this public post WeChat.
Media based on Beijing in Hong Kong, such as Speak Out HK (and Today Review (), have also published information from the video.
There are about 200 vaccines of UV19 in the distant stages of clinical experiments in the world, and most of them have been provided by Chinese libraries.
None has passed the 3rd phase of testing at present.
Protests against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans marched in the streets on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other cities in protest against police brutality.
The protests began after shocking news of the death of 35 - year - old physician Silvio Dala, who died on September 1 under police supervision.
According to authorities, Dala drove away from David Bernardino Children's Hospital in Luanda, where she works as the Director of the Clinic and was stopped by the police because she did not wear a barakoa.
The doctor was taken to the Catotes police station in the neighboring town of Rocha Pinto, and when he showed signs of exhaustion and began to faint, he fell seriously and hit his head and caused a minor injury to his head, said the police's official statement.
Dala also died when police officers took her to the hospital.
The Medical Association rejected the report.
The party's president, Adriano Manuel, told Voice of America (VOA) that there is a controversy in the authority's explanations that indicates that a doctor was harassed.
Manuel told the German Voice (DW) that the cause of death explained by the police was not real.
Anyone who is a doctor and has studied medicine will know that this is not what killed Silvio.
According to a news source from the Interior Ministry, the investigation was conducted in front of the family by the prosecutor and it was proved that the doctor was not the victim of the scourge.
The party has said it will take legal action against the police.
At the same time, the Angolan government has formed a commission that will collaborate with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
The protesters do not believe the police's statement about Dala's death.
Posters used by protesters in various parts of the city of Luanda said: No more Murders, You are paid to protect us, you are not paid to kill us, I am Silvio Dala, You have killed Silvio Dala.
There were also calls for the resignation of Interior Minister Eugénio Laborinho.
A demonstration was organized by the Association of Doctors in collaboration with civil society organizations and institutions.
Protests against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protests against the death of physician Silvio Dala are in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the beginning of the Stork crisis in Angola, several cases have been made of police exerting great force while doing surveillance and sometimes killing civilians.
Speaking to Lusa, a veteran musician Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, called on Lugarinho to resign and also to the police school to improve his training structure.
The police is an institution that should give citizens the courage, but today citizens lack the courage, that is, they are afraid when they meet the police, he concluded.
Protests against the death of physician Silvio Dala in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many transferred the protests to Facebook and WhatsApp pages to protest the incident.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
PEOPLE IN THIS COUNTRY ARE INVOLVED WITH THE DEATH OF DR. SILVIO DALA
The pictures are very powerful and simultaneous.
All of us must demand justice.
Police in this country must pay for the crimes they committed.
Things cannot continue this way.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chairman of the board of directors for the Sonangol oil campaign, daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
#EUEUSouSilvio所有 profissionais de saúde,outros sindicatos e societ civil, contra a violência policial em memória de Sílvio Dala, 12:30hLargo da Mutamba pic.twitter.com/blRs117IdY
Isabel Dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#IAmSilvioDala.
On Saturday the Angolan Medical Association (SINMEA) announced a silent and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civil institutions to protest police brutality as a symbol of the remembrance of physician Silvio Dala, at 6:30pm in Largo da Mutamba
Angolans take to the streets protesting police brutality and calling for an end to the killing.
Meanwhile, on Tweeter Alejandro also questioned the participation of online activists in Angola in the event:
When George Floyd went to morto os chamados Influencers Angolanos mostraram o seu Support ao movimento Black Lives Matter, mas com a morte do medico angolano Sílvio Dala Os tais irmãos influencers não Making things over and over.
Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When the so-called Angolan activists killed online showed support for the Black Life is worthwhile process, but at the death of Angolan physician Silvio Dala, the brothers are doing nothing about the tragedy!
Hachalu Hundessa interviewed by OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
This is a two-part criticism of Hachalu Hundessa, a popular Oromo musician whose murder sparked confusion of religious and ethnic beliefs because of misinformation on social media.
Read the second part here
The great Ethiopian musician Hachalu Hundessa gained popularity by using his creativity and talent to identify the Oromo people to the public.
He was killed in the outskirts of Ethiopia's capital, Addis Ababa, on June 29, this year.
At three and a half in the night, when Hachalu came down from his car, a man named Tilahun Yami walked toward his car and shot him in his bosom.
He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was officially confirmed dead.
Later it was discovered that a bullet seriously damaged her internal organs.
Addis Ababa's chief of police that two suspects have been arrested.
Within days the authorities sentenced the murderers and their two associates.
In his execution, the country has entered a difficult time to calm the riots that followed.
The fact is that the homicide of the Hachalu has not been clearly revealed and the consequences have also escalated, and rumors have spread after politicians and activists insisted on the conflict between Ethiopia's largest ethnic groups, Oromo and Amahara.
On his funeral day, mourners flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other towns around the state of Oromo.
The next morning the satellite television station Oromia Media Network (OMN), where Hachalu held his last interview, broadcasted commercials on television as well as on networks and showed as his coffin was shipped from Addis Ababa to their home in Ambo.
All too slowly the announcement turned into a battlefield between government authorities and opposition leaders, with the controversy over where to be buried in Hachalu and OMN had to interrupt its announcement; they were allegedly forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several injured in Addis Ababa.
The clash led to the arrest of some of the opposition leaders, including Jawar Mohammed, the OMN leader and opposition leader Bekele Gerba, where they were accused of inciting violence.
Confusion arose more after the authorities recaptured Hachalu's body and sent it to their hometown of Ambo by helicopter, where the two sides also continued to quarrel and deprived the marmots "family of the opportunity to give their brother a decent burial.
Thereafter confusion and clashes followed.
The fighting took three days to devastate parts of the towns of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the actual destruction is: 239 dead and hundreds injured, more than 7,000 arrested for causing confusion and destruction of property worth millions of birr, the Ethiopian currency.
In June, the government attempted to shut down the network to block the spread of violence mobilization on social media and last for three weeks.
Several people were shot by security forces but some news sources including Voice of America and Addis Standard that indignant groups from the Oromo tribe attacked people from different groups and cities inhabited by people of different faiths, in the Southeast of Oromo, targeting mainly the families of non-Oromans and non-Muslims in the region.
Further confusion was in the Amahara-Oromo mixed region and religion may have played a prominent role because of the realization that: the Southeast Yoromo community is identified by the Islamic mixed religion by the Afan-Oromo users.
One local farmer said that we thought the Hachalu was a Moromo after watching live broadcasts showing the Hachalu funeral practices that followed the rituals of the Tewahedo Ethiopian Orthodox Church.
According to reports, the main victims of the violence were Amharic, Oromo and Gurage Christians.
The Witnesses said that they destroyed and set fire to property and killed by cutting the victims "heads and legs.
Interviews Forecast
When news of the massacre of the temples was heard, the news source of the diaspora's Yoromo included his death and his final interviews with Hachalu and OMN TV channel led by Guyo Wariyo, and were broadcast a week before Hachalu was killed.
During the interrogations Gaius repeatedly asked Hachalu the snare questions about his support of the ruling party and also repeatedly interrupted him in response.
Hachalu refused to support the ruling party but also criticized the conflicts and schisms in the Oromo political parties, showing freedom of thought as a musician which made him the target of online assault until the day he was killed.
However, he asked Hachalu about the historic persecution of the Oromo people by the king Menelik II who built the present Ethiopia.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that the horse planted by Menelik in a statue in Addis Ababa belonged to an Oromo farmer named Sida Debelle, and Menelik stole the horse.
The response appealed to both praise and criticism on Facebook and Twitter.
When Hachalu was killed a week later, many of the Oromo diaspora felt that Hachalu's criticism of the statue of Menelik II angered supporters of royal Ethiopia and led to his execution.
On social media citizens struggled with what Hachalu said against Menelik, and this caused the spread of rumors with many lies.
Another part of the interview contained reports on matters of separation and conflict within the Moromo community.
In all the interviews, Guyo excavated Hachalu about the ongoing political change in the country and anti-government movement by asking a question about Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is a Moromo and whether the government has been able to meet the demands of the Oromo people since he came to power in 2018.
Hachalu repeatedly stated that he was not involved in Oromo's promiscuous politics but criticized all who condemned Abiy's patriotism.
He defended his position against the supreme opposition leaders who were joined by the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which was once close to the Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Front (the EPRDF).
TPLF became an opposition party after Abiy demolished the EPRDF.
Hachalu spoke of the ongoing political violence in the Oromo region, blaming both government authorities and militants of the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) which is also (known as OLF-Shane).
Following the massacre of the Hachalu, the government was able to take a 71 - minute interrogation tape and toss it to the public.
The tape includes a message of assassination threatened by Hachalu from the western parts of Oromo, where the OLF-Shane militant forces are operating.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he praised OLF-Shane.
He spoke directly of the conflict with Getachew Assefa, Ethiopia’s High Security Officer in the TPLF term in power.
Guyo announced the interview on his Facebook page calling you must see a few days before he was launched, he has been arrested by police since then and the government is investigating the 71-minute zone of the interview to find examples that will help to solve the cause of the Hachalu murder.
Read more about the consequences of the assassination of Hachalu Hundessa in section II.
Screenshot from the Guardian YouTube video about female abduction.
The COVID 19- disaster has had a profound impact on women's rights in the Middle East and North Africa; from increasing domestic violence to the loss of jobs.
But there is one clear area where women are affected by the seizures, and this is after the outbreak of the disaster of Corona and the setting of hectic to deal with it.
The United Nations announced in the month that as long as the deterrents resulted from efforts to combat the crane disaster, there are 2 million cases of seizures that are predicted to occur in the next decade that would set up to prevent if crane prevention did not disrupt the planning and efforts to grape and burn
Burnout involves partial cutting or permanently removing the outer part of the vagina, or injuring the parts of the vagina without any connection or medical idea, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
It is a traditional and religious tradition that is rooted in Africa, the Middle East and Asia, and is performed by traditional midwives, knives, razors, or bottle bars.
Whether sectarianism is widely believed to be one of the most violent crimes committed against girls and women, it is still relatively rare in the Middle East.
It is estimated that at least 200 million women are affected by it.
This is well expressed by UNICEF in a video:
In the Middle East and northern part of Africa, burglaries are a major problem facing countries of Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, a child - protection counselor, explains further,
Somalia is thought to have a high number of burnt victims in which 98 percent of women between 15 and 49 years of age have been burned.
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent are affected, Egypt 92 percent, Sudan 88 percent, Mauritania 69 percent, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7 percent, according to figures released in June by the United Nations Population Programme (UNFPA).
This varies according to social class, ethnicity and even the level of education in each country and in urban or rural areas.
Seizures often occur among the poor or in uneducated families in rural areas.
In Yemen, it is rooted in the coastal strip but is relatively small in the North.
In Iraq this action is widespread in the northern part of the state of Kurdish.
In Egypt it is all about girls living in the Upper Egyptian Belt.
In Mauritania, more than 90 percent of women from poorer families have suffered seizures compared with 37 percent of women from higher - income families.
A Less - Reported Cruelty
The extent and breadth of the burglaries will have been scorned because of the world's lack of a realistic picture of the completed burglaries, according to a joint report beginning in March, approved by equality now, European Network to End the Burglaries and the Network to End the Burglaries from the United States.
This statement showed that this culture is not only growing but also taking place in the Middle East and Asia, and the world has neglected burglaries.
Recent research indicates that seizures are also taking place in Iran, along with all Gulf countries such as Kuwait, the Arab Emirates, Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Equality Vasan Now told Reuters that he was amazed at the results of the relatively small research from such areas as Omani and Saudi Arabia where it is not usually locations that can come to your mind when you think of the Holocaust
This statement was published with the COVID-19 crisis in the Middle East and was neither published nor translated at all by Arabic media and social media.
A society's lack of awareness about seizures can confirm the notion that seizures are not something to be taken seriously.
Social Taboos
In the Middle East, there are taboos surrounding women's bodies where it is prohibited from publicly discussing such confidential matters as sectarianism that is linked to traditional beliefs, religion and culture.
In Egypt, Christians and Muslims alike believe that the burning of girls makes them more attractive to their prospective husbands and protects them from evil, and mothers fear that their daughters will not be married if they are not burned, according to the report Tokomeza Cold in the Middle East, a campaign organized in 2013 to raise awareness about burning and to tell the world that burning is not only in Africa but also in many countries of the Middle East and Asia.
The institute is continuing to collect more seizures and has developed a method of collecting information that will help individuals or groups to do small research on seizures.
People prefer to avoid discussions and the subject of seizures if only a news event will touch the headlines if the death of a 12 - year - old daughter who died after being killed in Southern Egypt in February, people talk.
Egyptian student Ghida Hussein told Global Voices that:
Since we are not talking about this, it is as if the problem is not at all.
The burning takes place quietly behind closed doors.
It is far from the educated cities where activists and politicians live.
If seizures are complex and the international community provides funding and mobilization, otherwise you will not see a society dominated by the male class giving priority to this.
Breaking taboos and talking about seizures cause human rights defenders to be assaulted with abusive speech and hatred.
In Oman, feminist activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Human Rights Institute Omani conducted a small survey in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of the women have been abducted.
After publishing his findings online, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I put research results online and the reaction was great.
I've been attacked by religious extremists who said that burglaries are part of Islamic worship.
In Omani, where mutilation is not officially recognized, there is no protection for victims.
Habiba added this in his statement:
How can you tell the surrogate to talk about the seizure and then face all this harmful consequences in the face of criticism, insulting even the family or relatives can completely separate him, even her husband can divorce him—if there is no formal support.
I don't expect these women to stand up and speak up and face society.
Too Organized, Too Self - Sufficient
In Yemen and the Arab Union, seizures are prohibited only in health institutions, but not in homes.
In Mauritania, there is a legal restriction but not an outright prohibition.
In Iraq, burning is prohibited in the religious state of Kurdish, but it is still legal in the central region of Iraq.
There have been signs of inefficiency.
In the years following the founding of the Women's Rights Institute, Egypt has prohibited sectarianism in 2008.
With Sudan in a period of political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, it has been the first to prohibit seizures in April.
But law enforcement is a major challenge because seizures are still high and acceptable and are widespread.
Although laws are not very important weapons, yet they do not satisfy themselves.
Countries need a national plan and strategy implemented involving police, courts, health - care providers, clerics and providing education for the community.
A series of regional disasters and dictatorial authorities have delayed reforms blocking campaigns and embezzlement and violations of women’s status.
The world is now focused on fighting COVID-19 and its impact on the economy and many programs that are directly related to the rights of women in perilous circumstances and providing social services have been postponed or no longer a priority.
With so many poor families and girls who are dropped out of school or married in childhood, the seizure is almost unknown to you in this zone.
Photo by Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Dadiyata, a leading lecturer and critic of the Nigerian government was arrested in his home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa near Kaduna, Northwest Nigeria.
A year after his kidnapping Dadiyata is still missing.
Abubakar Idris (Diyata) was kidnapped at his home in the province of Kaduna, Nigeria.
His behavior is still unknown.
His family and friends want answers to their questions: where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is lost #LostDay #Let FreeDadiyata.
Dadiyata was an instructor at the Public University of Dutsinma, in Katsina State.
As an opposition party for People's Democratic Party (People's Democratic Party) Dadiyata has always chattered with members of the ruling All Progressive Congress party (All Progressive Congress Party) on social media.
Read more about fear of kidnapping Nigerian government critic
All state and federal institutions have nothing to do with
Dadiyata was forcibly taken by the kidnappers at 9: 00 p.m. when he arrived at his home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, the Premium Times.
Kadija's wife in an interview with BBC news agency recalled that her husband was talking to the phone while his car's engine was still roaring, when the kidnappers arrested him.
Although Kadija could not hear what was being said or who was talking to her on the phone, she remembers her husband's kidnappers were following her and came home.
The wife remained looking through the window in their room as her husband was taken away from the kidnappers.
Worse still, there is no word about Dadiyata's whereabouts.
It is painful how their children keep asking their lost father, Kadija told the BBC.
Instead of looking for Dadiyata, Nigerian security agencies have continued to blame themselves on any kind of charges related to his disappearance.
Nigeria's National Defense Department, until January, continued to refuse to detain Dadiyata.
The National Defense Department says that the fact that Dadiyata was taken into his home by armed men does not mean that the people are members of the State Security Department.
The district attorney general of Kaduna, Aisha Dikko, also refused to know where he was or was involved in any of Dadiyata's kidnappings.
In any case it’s a rather narrow attitude to believe that since he was kidnapped in the province of Kaduna then the state government is involved, said Dikko.
However, denying the involvement of National Security and the governments of the province of Kaduna does not alleviate the distress of Dadiyata’s wife and their two children nor does it restore her freedom.
The petition for Dadiyata’s release continues to be tweeted with the hashtag #YearOneBilaDiyata, as a claim for his independence from Nigerians.
Bulama Bukarti lamented the pain this terrorism has caused Dadiyata’s family:
How ironic a Nigerian can be lost in such a way!
We must continue to do everything possible to unite Dadiyata and her family.
There is no room for such terrorism.
Those who captured Dadiyata will come to pay the price.
If not now then it must be later.
The Twitter user failed to hear the interview of Dadiyata’s wife:
I failed to hear Dadiyata's wife interrogate @bbchausa this morning.
The only thing she asks is for the kidnappers to forgive her and let her husband return to her family, especially her little children.
Akin Akíntọ does not understand how Dadiyata might be missing unknown where she is for a year:
One question I ask myself how did Dadiyata and her car get lost without leaving a mark for a year again in Nigeria; nor is the government worried about it, much more seeking to bathe instead of taking responsibility to find him because he was being targeted at them because of his criticism?
Unfortunately nobody cares to find the critic:
In contrast all state and federal institutions are struggling to escape the blame of doing nothing said Human Rights activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu in an interview with Vyral Africa:
Besides knowing where he is, no one has shown efforts to tell us just what they have done to find him and how they are not wanted to be involved with him.
This shows you how insignificant we are as little citizens.
The little we can do is ask where Dadiyata is and why doesn't our government look for him?
Students in Kaduna State, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Vikings armed with firearms raided a high school in Kaduna, Northwestern Nigeria, on August 24 and killed a man and kidnapped four students and a teacher, the online news source SaharaReporters.
Armed men arrived and attacked Damba-Kasaya village in the local government of Chikun, the province of Kaduna at 7: 45 a.m. on a motorcycle andly killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer, according to an online Premium Times report.
The armed men headed to Prince High School where they captured adviser Christianah Madugu and four students who were Favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
Happy's father, Odoji, told Nigeria's Daily Trust, a daily newspaper that the kidnappers are demanding 20 million Naira money (USD $53,000) to release their children, but they are never able to collect that amount.
The students who had been captured were taking their test to complete their basic education.
Because of Korona's epidemic, only school - graduating students were allowed to return to school.
The central government and the province of Kaduna have remained silent about the victims of the kidnapped students as well as their teacher.
Nigeria's Common Day
Twitter user Kato said it's frustrating to the nation:
Today in the province of Kaduna, children in graduating classes who were ordered to continue schooling have been kidnapped by armed men.
One person has been killed, the life span of a youngster has been shortened, and others have left with them and we will probably never see them again.
This must frustrate any nation.
But it is still a typical day Nigeria laments Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been kidnapped in Kaduna, one of the male students killed during the incident.
The boy's life is shortened, this should have shocked the nation, but NO, this is a typical day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for causing the public's lack of sympathy and anger over the kidnapping of students:
The kidnapped guys will not get the sympathy Chibok girls got because they are boys first and Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ) is not President.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was President, when 276 girls from government school were kidnapped by Boko Haram militants, from the northeastern town of Chiubo in April 2014.
This led to a global process with the hashtag #ReturnOurDaughters which has been heard by millions of people online.
Nigerians Celebrate the restoration of 82 Chibok girls in Boko Haram
In February 2018, Boko Haram also kidnapped 110 female students from a school for girls in science and trade in Dapchi, Yobe State, in northeastern Nigeria.
Read more about female girls kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria suspected of dying
The kidnapping of Damba-Kasaya students and their teacher is a frightening recurrent phenomenon.
The only ones currently involved in this horrific incident are not Boko Haram but armed pirates.
Pirate Cruelty of Kaduna
Pirate violence erupted in Nigeria's northeast in the states of Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, kebbi and Katsina.
The independent humanitarian organization ACAP confirmed that the violence has nothing to do with the Boko Haram uprising in the northeast:
The terrorist violence began as a conflict between ranchers and farmers in 2011 and grew more and more between 2017 and 2018, including theft of livestock, kidnapping for money, rape and murder.
As of March 2020, more than 210,000 people have become domestic refugees.
Rural communities have survived the lives of pirates who between January and June this year have killed some 1,126 people from Northern Nigeria.
The villages in Kaduna are the most vulnerable in which 366 people have been killed in the first half of 2020, said the International Human Rights Organization.
The house of the kidnapped students has been facing attacks from militant groups that have been accompanied by kidnappings and deaths and 45 communities to flee their homes where they were plundered since 2019, according to a Southern Sudanese coalition report.
The people of Cuba claim that the pirates are Fulani ranchers who have a plot to plunder the land, aided by the inaction of both the state and the federal governments.
But the governor of the province of Kaduna, Nasir El-Rufai, refused the piracy to be linked to a plunder plan or inspired by religious beliefs.
The governments in the province of Kaduna ordered evacuation from 12pm to 12pm, which in some areas is believed to be part of the government’s strategy to end terrorism.
However, a spokesman for the People's Southern Kaduna, Luka Binniyat, lamented that hunger also kills us because people do not go to their countryside, our people are desperately despondent.
Poet Henryapon and Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This link is a lot of their photos shared widely on social media.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their comments on their Facebook pages.
The arrest has raised questions among communities on social media.
Poet Henry Swapon's Arrest
On May 14, poet and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested at his home in Barishal, a town in the South Central Bank of Bangladesh.
Accused of violating Bangladesh's Cyber Security Act
A minority member of the Christian community, Swapon was initially accused by his brothers Alfred and Jewel Satkat of hurting the religious feelings of Muslims and Christians on social media.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Swapan was arrested under internet security law!
#Free POET #bangladesh #bangladeshiblogger #FreeMaoni pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to the Tribune, Swapon posted a post on his Facebook page criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, the Catholic Church Bishop of the Barishal Diocese.
The bishop chose to hold a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on 22 April 2019, just one day after the terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
He assumed that the bishop would postpone the spectacle by respecting the lives of hundreds of victims of the attack.
Other Christians became angry with the language he spoke to the Bishop, and others even threatened him with death.
Sapon has become a high-profile netizen criticizing all forms of oppression and corruption in his hometown.
Netizen Nwakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
Inside, the strategy of attacking activists by accusing them of hurting confidence has become common to Muslim leaders.
Now we see that even those of unchanging Christians have begun to use this method.
I think those who hate this sort of criticism are mentally ill.
The government should provide procedures for treating these patients.
We strongly reprimand the arrest of the poet Henry Swapon and we want him to be released quickly and unconditionally.
Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood Arrested
On the morning of May 15, police arrested Supreme Court attorney and journalist Imtiaz Mahmud under a 2017 law that is not currently in force, the Information, Communication and Technology Act in which, a citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that the appearance of Mahmood's publications on Facebook hurt his feelings of confidence and sparked crime in the Southeast region of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Imtiaz Mahmood received a temporary bail when the case was brought in for the first time but the Khagrachhari Court issued an order to rearrest against the one in January 2018.
Mahmoud contributed to his comments during the ethnic uprising that took place after a Bengali motorcycle driver was killed in Khagrachhari, causing a group of Bengalians to set fire to several homes and shops of Rangamati residents in Chittagong.
The local sources told Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take any measures to stop it.
Hundreds of such charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when the Information and Communications Act changed with the Cyber Security Act.
Bangladesh suppressed social media.
Police have made the second in two-day arrests under the Cyber Security Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested for a trial under the Information and Communications Act on Wednesday morning.
#FreedomExplaining #ICTLawhttps://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves the mountains and the people who live there.
They write about their rights.
I have never seen provocative words in his writings.
There are big mistakes.
I believe errors will be corrected quickly.
I've seen a lot of posts on Facebook that contain profanity and discrimination.
If they are being prosecuted today, will the arrest warrant be issued immediately?
Many netizens have denounced the arrests of the two, demanding an abolition of the law.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi noted:
It is shameful indeed.
The government is not able to guarantee public safety but is trying to arrest people under a strict Code of Traffic Safety that violates the spirit of Bangladesh's Constitution.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After the poet Henry Swapon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (arrested).
Freedom of expression is restricted.
I want all the violent rules to be abolished.
I want freedom of expression.
I want Henry Sapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be released immediately.
Despite indicating that the law would restrict freedom of expression, Bangladesh's parliament passed the Cyber Security Act in September 2018.
This law replaced another prohibition on Media and Technology, which was also used as a tool to silence critics on the Net.
This law condemns some online chat rooms ranging from gossip to hurtful talk about religious morals and morals as well as high fines.
It also allows long-term shutdowns for cybercrime to create social violence and for collecting, sending and storing information and documents of the government through digital services.
The Bangladesh editorialist council said that this law violates the constitutional freedom, press freedom and freedom of expression.
Bangladesh Freedom of Expression activists say one Digital Security law is intended to persecute it
The law authorizes law enforcement agencies to initiate surveillance of anyone whose activities are deemed harmless and a threat to safety.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudan revolution, Sudan's transitional authorities have signed a peace agreement with The Sudan Revolutionary Front, a major rebel group that has continued its activities even after the removal of its former leader Omar al-Bashir, last year.
This historic peace treaty was signed on August 31, in the town of Juba, South Sudan where it is supported by both regional and international communities such as the Troican, European Union, Egypt, and some Gulf countries.
This excitement has also been struck by a period of historic floods that have affected parts of Sudan, causing an ongoing collapse of the already degraded economy.
Sudanese netizens, however, still celebrated the news online.
Sudanese Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we volunteer, and we come home.
A video showing the Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi announcing the disarmament on December 16, 2019, to support the revolution movement.
Mini Arko Minawi, leader of SLMA, wrote:
Mini Arko Minawi.
Yesterday’s submission will put Sudan in a new direction, in parties and to the people of Sudan, organizations and social parties in partnership with friends and neighboring zone.
We must create a solid platform for the new history of our country.
Sudan's Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed a peace agreement saying:
I am sending a sign that we have signed today in our Sudanese nation to our children who are born in refuge and camps, to our father and mother who long for their villages and towns eagerly awaiting the glorious December revolution, a promise of return, a promise of justice and a promise of development and security.
This agreement guarantees freedom of self-rule for the rebel groups in their territories under the superpower's supervision.
The agreement will ensure that one-third of the parliamentary seats belong to people from rebel areas to communicate their needs and concerns.
Agreement guarantees justice and equality for all who have been accused by the previous administration, most of whom are non-Muslims or non-Arabs.
This is not the first peace agreement in the history of Sudan.
Some netizens said that peace agreements are a regular circuit in Sudan and can bring neither peace nor tranquillity.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
An event that occurs once every 5-9 years is not a historical phenomenon but a mere cycle.
Abuja Peace Agreement 2006
Doha Peace Agreement 2011
A Peace Agreement for 2020
We do well to wait before celebrating
Completed Agreement
Despite this exciting event, the two groups of rebels have not signed this agreement.The SLMA group led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the Movement for the Independence of the Northern Sudanese (SPLM-N), led by Abdelaziz al-Hilu, all expressed their devotion to some of the questions about the coalition army’s operations system and national identity.
Three days after signing a peace agreement the Sudanese Prime Minister traveled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet al-Hilu to discuss the conflict according to Sudan’s Resolution
On Wednesday Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to remove barriers in the peace talks by the South Sudanese government.
This summit led to the signing of a treaty to preserve the respect of the peace agreements made in Juba.
The Sudanese social media blocked it with the circulation of a copy of the agreement written in English-language lugjs, with emphasis on Section 3 on religious and national issues:
A democratic nation must be established in Sudan.
For a democratic nation in which the rights of all people are respected, the constitution must have the basis for separating religion from a nation where the rights of individuals must be respected.
Freedom to believe and worship and religious activities should be granted to all Sudanese citizens.
No State religion, no citizen who is to be discriminated against because of his religion.
Sudanese citizens are divided into two groups on this issue: the first group considers citizenship and religion to be fundamental to human rights; the second group considers that the transitional government does not have the authority to make decisions on the issue without citizens’ permission through democratic elections.
After the meeting, the Prime Minister's Twitter page published a copy of the treaty in Arabic where its content differed from the content of the written text in English.
While the emphasis in the English edition is placed on the impossibility of separating religion from nationalism, the Arabic edition suggests a discussion on this controversial issue.
The differences in these two copies have raised many questions as to the impact of this agreement.
Historical Peace, Historical Floods
While peace brings happiness in Sudan, the Nile continues to overflow, bringing unexpected disasters to mankind.
According to the September 8 report of the National Security Council, as a result of the flooding have been the deaths of 103 people, 50 casualties, 5,482 livestock deaths, 27,341 homes collapsed and 42,210 houses destroyed, 179 government buildings and private institutions destroyed, 359 stores and warehouses destroyed and 4,208 acres [hearers] of crops destroyed by the flooding.
YouStorm on Twitter shared a video comparing the water flow of the Nile River on July 16 and August 16:
Nile flood in Sudan July 16 compared with August 30 #Sentinel2 Northern Khartoum.
Made by #EOBro browser @sentinel_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LR NBFY9m
On September 3, governor of the state of Sinnar, Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced the crisis on his Facebook page:
This night the Nile River has been raised by heavy rains that have resulted in the breakdown of the barricades and protective walls - a small dam built with sackclothes filled with the soil of Singa and Umm Benin, and water has begun to overflow in township and residential areas.
We thus give directions to all government authorities and private agencies to come forward and come to help rescue citizens as soon as possible and also to provide them with sanitation, food and medical care.
The situation is terrifying:
In the province of Singa, the situation is frightening after a downpour breaks down its wall of barrier, allowing water from the Nile River to flow into town.
Sudanese youths from the island of Tuti built a wall to prevent floodwaters from entering their island.
It was a heroic act, recounted Hassan Shaggag:
They are the ones who will build Sudan..and they are the ones who are running for power now.
Sudanese citizens are shrinking from basic needs such as bread, gas, medicine and electricity- after six hours a day of power cuts.
The decline in Sudan's currency has now exceeded 220 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
Until now, however, the transitional government has not been able to control the market.
Again the promise of peace, what is the government’s strategy to simplify the lives of citizens?
Student leader Jutatip Sirikhan in white as a sign of strike after his release.
Photo and comment from Prachatai
This post is from Prachatai, an independent news source in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a content-sharing agreement.
Thailand Student Union President Jutatip Sirikhan was arrested on his way to college on September 1, for taking part in a massive July 18 protest.
He was arrested in a car on his way to a classroom at the University of Thammasat kampus Tha Prachan in Bangkok.
He appeared on his Facebook page at 07:50 a.m. on September 1, when civilian-clothed soldiers stopped his taxi and showed him a document of arrest.
Jutatip was taken to the police station at lSamranrat.
A police officer accompanied him to the spot on another taxi because he did not feel safe to board the private car that came with the soldiers who came to arrest him.
He continued to be a businessman on his Facebook page, reading the coverage Common Awareness translated intoithailandese by Thomas Paine.
He was taken to a Bangkok criminal court and bailed and released at 11.20 p.m. under the supervision of a lecturer from the Thammasat university.
The court did not immediately pay 100,000 bahts (US $3,190) for bail, but it was stipulated that he was not required to repeat his charges on which he was charged that the same condition was given to each one who was arrested and the release of the charges.
Jutatip is the 14th activist to be arrested for taking part in a massive July 18 protest.
Another 15 participants in the protest have received a call and have in the Samranrat police station to hear their charges on August 28.
He was charged with sedition, defying the Emergency Order and the Law on Infectious Diseases, as well as other charges.
He appeared before a criminal court after his release and held a brief press conference.
Paint can be cleansed, but we cannot cleanse oppression
I didn't plan to run from before.
I knew I had my arrest warrant
and I have been waiting for a long time to be arrested, but it has not occurred until today.
Every time one person is arrested, there must be negative comments that we haven't marched peacefully.
I am a student and have been troubled by soldiers for months, for years.
Why is there no ransom for me?
Why is there a ransom only for policemen who are dictatorial servants?
It would have been called first, but what happened was that the police came with a petition to arrest me directly.
It is a high level of bullying for the student.
They found me by tracking my phone calls from my roots.
They have threatened my home, my family and sent me to my house arrest so we now have to strengthen our protests.
Everything is constitutional.
We pay our taxes, we must be protected by the government, not humiliated by the government.
So today I have expressed myself by signs that we can do this.
We must stand up for our rights and freedoms.
Dyeing yourself is also something that can be done.
Then Jutatip poured a white bucket onto his body as he raised his hand high up with three fingers outstretched the Hunger Games salute.
White, he said, represents cleanliness and justice, and they demand a restoration of justice.
We show this is fair, this is a kind of example that we can.
Even if it's a paint at the moment, it's a way to show that we can paint ourselves at any time.
We can cast colours on those in positions of authority because they convict us and shoot us at no time, no matter what, for they have authority.
Paint can be cleansed but oppression cannot be cleansed.
Jutatip then thanked the lecturer who bonded him with people who came to support him and helped the crowd clean up the paint that had spread out on foot in front of the court.
We will not stop fighting until we win everything, including the Kingdom amendment and the new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screenshot from YouTube, by VideoVolunteers.
Written by Grace Jolliffe and originally by Video Volunteers, the award-winning international networking group with headquarters in India.
A partially edited edition has been published below as part of a mutual agreement.
While India ran through a seven-term general elections from 11 April to 19 May 2019, to elect its seventh Parliament (Lok Sabha), some Indian voters have taken unusual responsibility for boycotting electoral activities.
Read all you want to know about India's 2018 general elections
In the southern Indian state of Goa, residents of a small village in the suburb of Cancona (county district), the village of Marlem refused to vote on April 23 in the third term of the general election with allegations that the government had become the problem in their village.
The main complaint is that urgent needs and services such as good roads and sanitation and safe water services have never been granted by the government.
A video of social commentator Devidas Gaonkar, a native of the Goa rancher tribe Velip, showing the protest of the villagers:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, a resident of Marli village, said:
From Tirwal to Marlem, only two miles [3 km] of roads are yet to be completed.
To this day no measures taken by the authorities are involved.
They simply make false promises there is no fulfillment.
For that reason, then, we have not voted.
The inhabitants of Marlem village have been living there for over 20 years now.
In 1968 the forest department declared Marlem as a safe haven for wildlife.
This makes the construction of roads or any progressive work in this area difficult to carry out.
Reportedly, a plan to pass an electric cranberries to reach the area was passed but was recently blocked because of restrictions from the National Forestry Department
Another source of concern for local residents is the lack of good roads.
One has to travel from the highway two and a half miles [2.8 km] away on a rough and poorly cleaned road so that he can find the first house in the village of Marlem.
Finally, the supply of electricity and safe and clean water to the villagers has remained a challenge to the villagers.
Despite making their complaints public from time to time, but having been unable to find answers to their needs, residents of Marlem and residents from two other villages decided not to vote in order to draw the authorities' ears to their complaining issues.
Electoral commissioners came to talk to us about our decision not to vote and our position is there, she added.
Isidore Fernandes, an opposition leader from the Indian National Congress and a member of parliament in Cancona, also met local residents.
After listening to their concerns, he assured her that he would help them deal with the jam.
It is vital that any government build roads, supply electricity and water for its people.
So far all government officials have neglected to offer these services in the village of Marlem, Fernandes said.
The boycotting of elections has now become a form of strike, although voting is not mandatory in India.
The village of Goa, villages in the Central Madhya Pradesh region, West Maharashtra region, and Eastern Odisha region have been using this strategy to get their important points to the leaders of the authorities.
However, none of these strikes have been taken action by the government.
Many voters have become accustomed to using this tactic as a gesture of anger to politicians and government officials who turn to the communities they have slipped into the electoral period in hopes of getting their votes, failing to live up to their promises after the elections.
But if the boycotting of elections does not change society in the long run, what will the community choose to do to win the ears of those in authority who should hear their voices and take implementation measures?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Photo: caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and Germano Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while collecting news of the military crisis in the northern region of Mozambique, were released on 23 April, 2019, without trial.
Amade, who has been contributing to distant sources of information including Zitamar News and A Carta, was arrested on January 5 while conducting an interview with local refugees from the Macomia district of the Northern state, Cabo Delgado.
Germano, a member of the social radio station Nacedje, was missing since February 6 and was found in detention on February 18, 2011.
According to a report from the South African Press Federation (MISA), Amade and Germano were charged with spreading virulent reports to some of the leaders of the Mozambican Civil Army on their Facebook pages where they announced the beginning of the fighting in the Macomia district villages.
The reporters were released from the Mieze prison in Pemba, headquarters of Cabo Delgado and are in a period of censorship while awaiting trial at the local judge's court in Cabo Delgado.
The trial is scheduled for the first time on May 17.
Since 2017, armed groups such as knives have been attacking the villages of Cabo Delgado, burning houses and slaughtering residents.
More than 90 people have been killed since the onslaught, according to police reports.
To this day no group has publicly emerged to acknowledge responsibility for the attacks.
A Carta de Moçambique published a Facebook page in December, which appears to be a fake name in which the page praises the attack by armed groups in Cabo Delgado
Whether the charges against Amade and Germano are linked to the page is unclear.
The journalists’ advocacy team says there is no connection with the page or other criminal acts committed on Facebook pages.
The accusations against these journalists have been met with a lot of misunderstandings.
After Amade was arrested, the police put him under the protection of the Civil Army.
He was put in a military prison where he spent 12 days without any communication and then transferred to a civilian prison.
The defendants were charged only on April 16th, violating the 90-day final procedure, in violation of the arrest and detention law of Mozambique, in the case of Abubacar.
In their continued detention period all journalists were accused collectively of delinquently filtering state secrets via social media and influencing communities by digital means.
The charges are in conflict with earlier charges against them, in which MISA translated them as spreading a profanity message for some of the leaders of the Mozambican civil army on a Facebook page that documented the attacks on people in Macomia district villages.
During his 106 days in prison, Abubacar faced food shortages and medical neglect, according to an Amnesty International report.
The family told @Verdade that they were denied visiting Abubacar throughout his detention period.
What happened to these journalists is part of a continued violence against media workers in Northern Mozambique.
Independent investigative journalist Estácio Valoi was arrested in December 2018, also in Cabo Delgado for unclear legal reasons.
Later he was released without charges, but his tools remained in the hands of the army.
A Call for Justice
Cídia Chissungo, an activist and activist for the #AmedeAwekweFree campaign, celebrated the news saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GaramanoAdriano are finally FREE after 4 months in detention.
We are indeed celebrating but will never forget how everything began.
We said since then: Journalism is not a crime.
Thank you for supporting us in
Angela Quintal, director of the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Africa region said:
The charges are now being dismissed and #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalistic work without fear of arrest.
The fact is that he has endured 106 days in detention without trial, not the courtesy he was treated.
How uncondemned!
Image of Iranian Revolution leader Imamu Khomeini in a wall of a building in Sanandaj, in Iranian Chief of State near Kurdistan seen from a window.
Photo by Jordi Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Global Voices co-founder Ethan Zuckerman has described them as a model for people who like to share their home culture with people from other communities.
The idea was created through a system that is rooted in Global Voices and describes the great work and culture of the community.
Since our work is aimed at breaking the gap between foreign views on Iran and the real one within the country, Global Voices Iran has begun a series of interviews with Iranian commentator and writers who will do so.
The interviews will be held to understand how and how these people who did their work through telling Iranian communities outside of Iran about Iran and the difficulty and complexity in explaining.
I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are increasing
Golnaz Isfandiari is a senior broadcaster for Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists who have concentrated outside Iran writing in English about the harassment and challenges of Iranian society and politics.
Photo used with permission of Golnaz Esfandiari.
Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, Bridge for information engineering in English
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Government officials admit this and I also see many people in the country using social networks.
I think that since 2009, the use of social media has increased dramatically.
Some Iranians have told me that they have joined Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Twitter Revolution in Iran.
Social media encourages conversation and sharing content that is prohibited or that appears to be shameful and people are openly discussing.
Also, people often criticize government policies and attitudes on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Nikada: You should be a journalist, a psychologist, a professor and a psychic at the same time
Iranian news investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, is the founder of Tehran Institute a news source supporting The Guardian that writes about Iran and Iranians in crisis.
The project is one of the leading sources that give a different perspective on the country in political, cultural and social issues.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and used with permission.
How Tehran's Kelly Golnoush Niknejad Institute links Iran to the Western world.
In the negative attitude of non-Iranis toward Iran, he explained:
When it comes to Iran, I always find myself going back to 1979 and then describing the changes that took place decade after decade to bring meaning to the present.
It is sometimes very difficult for Iranians to understand what is happening in Iran at the moment and not Iranians.
This shows how important it is to cover Iran with a thistle, putting the lives of ordinary people in a special stream.
Reaching the country with scholarly statements as long as the authorities alone are not as basic or as important to us as journalists.
That's why even the most sensitive people in the media don't understand the underlying issues of Iran.
True, if they follow information from Tehran Institute they will get a very different perspective.
Nina Answer: I hope women will take the lead in any change in Iran
Nina Ansary is the guardian of the God - fearing Gemstones: Untold About Women of Iran, the first book ever written about the equal attitude of women in politics from the late 19th century until now.
Cover of the book of the Jewelry of God's Benefactor
The book explains how women have been able to build up Iranian history and how they continue to do so, as they continue to engage in establishing the foundations of their rights and equality in societies that have been suppressing them by nature.
Talk Writer for Iranian Women's Equality Nina Ansary on Turning Night Eve in the country
Ansary said she had a positive view of Iran’s tomorrow and the role of a woman in it:
and because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists did not get a clear answer: women were not allowed to be judges but now serve as spy judges.
Women were not allowed to read some of the works, but for years they have been able to penetrate into works that were dominated by more men, such as medicine and engineering.
I am cautiously optimistic, but I believe women will take the lead in any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They view Iran as black and white but Iran is not.
It is like a rainbow.
With more than 800 articles related to Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is The Guardian's first senior volunteer journalist to write about Iran and is one of the few Iranians hired by a major English-language news company.
Photo used with permission of Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
Many of his stories are about human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a telephone interview, the biggest problem for Western media is that they view Iran as black and white but Iran is not.
Iran is like the Rainbow, colored
Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing to Iran in The Guardian
In an effort to write the country to which he is emotionally attached, Saeed explains that:
As Iranian I have my feelings about the country, but when I write about it I try to sit a bit off to get out of favor.
But I am allowed to express my thoughts when I write the opposite and I have been doing something like it.
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this led the then foreign minister to accuse me on Twitter of being used by Iranian authorities.
I have been attacked by some who have accused me of being served by Iranians and others who have accused me of serving in Britain.
I believe this is a sign that I am doing my work properly.
Converting your anger into something upbuilding and unconcerned is an art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist based in New York.
Former Iranian-learned journalist Omid is currently working in the United States and has been writing Iranian stories for English and Persian-language users.
Our interviews wanted to discern the differences in reporting on Iran to users of different languages and in their experience as a journalist both inside and outside Iran.
Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his experience in writing and reporting in Iranian community as follows:
While there were still people in Iran who believed to empower social communities, politics and freedom of information, the Islamic government can change slowly from inside.
On the other hand, there are other forces to prove that this is impossible and one way to make the environment so dangerous that no one will dare to remain doing what he was doing.
When I insisted on continuing to do what I was doing, writing encouraging me about things I had believed I was arrested and thrown into prison.
Iran is not unique: the only thing here is that most people don't know much about Iran.
We are now in the U.S. foreign policy reference work.
Within weeks of Obama’s reign, the US is more likely to give up its long-time ambitious goal of reconciliation with its long-time enemy, Iran’s Muslim-majority.
In Donald Trump’s presidency which shows it’s going to be a special one with a harsh shadow and brutal prominence, I think it’s time to sit down with journalist and author Hooman Majd.
Its works and publications describe the Iranian riddle that has been widely seen in U.S. mainstream media during the Bush era, when the atrocities against the Iranian government turned out to be a major mark in the early 2000s in foreign policy and the media's attitude toward Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as Iran's voice to the West.
Photo by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Talk to Hooman Majd, the Iranian-U.S. media bridge.
If the wrong attitude toward Iran has brought a lesson since its 2008 book aimed at rejecting the wrong attitude toward Iranian society to US readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first to be open to the media, which is the very first source of negative news.
But American Iranians and European Iranians have written a lot about their culture in recent times, and there are too many journeys between Iran and the United States between American Iranians and American Iranians.
At present they understand it a little better and there are many little books.
Iran is a unique riddle: but the only one is that most people don't know much about Iran.
Protesters in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon. | Photo: Marianna Cartaxo / Mídia NINJA/ Used with permission
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians marched on the streets of all 26 states in protest against the Bolsonaro government's cutting off education funds that would affect hundreds of schools and colleges.
In late April, the Brazilian government announced cutting 30 percent of what is said to be a budget for water, electricity, general operations, and research costs.
While it is the total government budget for higher education, the percentage can reach up to three or 5 percent.
However, the government has canceled the sponsorship of some 3,500 state-funded university students.
From Paulista Street in São Paulo, the center of traditional demonstrations to the natural gardens in Alto Rio Negro, near the border of Colombia, people went out in defense of public education.
In Minas Gerais, a group of about 5,000 protested with umbrellas as heavy rains dropped.
Screenshot of a large group of protesters in Paulista Street in São Paulo protesting the funding of education and scientific research. #15M #TodosPela Educaciónção #Tsunamida Educaciónção #NaRuaPela Educaciónção #MarchaPela Ciência pic.twitter.com/BmHEYBuF9F
https://globalvoices.org/wp-content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp-Video-2019-05-15-at-21.00.30mp4
Brazil's 69 public academies and a large number of state universities and all offer free bachelor's degree and postgraduate degree and some social services such as legal counseling offices and hospitals.
Previously, the sections were to be held at three academies but baadayr were extended to all other academies.
Bolsonaro's minister of education Abraham Weintraub said that this is not a cut but a cut.
Weintraub explained that there are cutbacks because public academies are like a part of destruction.
When asked of reporters to illustrate the devastationWhen mentioned the presence of large social gatherings in the school as well as the presence of celebrations for the naked.
Weintraub was appointed prime minister in April after his predecessor was removed because of his involvement in some of the conflicts.
The new minister has always been commenting on the right-wing policies such as drugs identified in Brazil as a communist strategy, and he wants to eradicate Marxism.
Some university officials have said that the cut could prevent them from opening their doors early in the second year of 2018.
The prosecutor's office has sent a statement to the attorney general complaining that it is a violation of the constitution of Brazil.
Rio de Janeiro looks GOOD!
Hundreds and thousands hold Avenida Presidente Vargas at night.when you come against the conclusion of the education and science budget.#15M #TodosPela Educaciónção #Tsunamida Educaciónção #NaRuaPela Educaciónção pic.twitter.com/8MIn91crKX
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who are researching WhatsApp groups in Brazil have discovered many conversations on the app, especially after the budget cut was announced.
A research tool that will follow up on WhatsApp groups and will be used extensively by an organization that specializes in analyzing the facts in Brazil.
Lead researcher Fabrício Benevuto on May 8 on his Facebook page said :
[Picture] colorless photos/publishings/events covered by the headlines and subjects.
There are photos of people naked in celebrations and a number of protesters jokes that say it takes students 12 years to graduate because they are on drugs all the time.
This is clearly a planned purpose.
By the same style as election campaigns.
Who sponsors this false information factory?
An article on Ciência na Rua (Science on the Streets in Portuguese) claims that public academies produce 95 percent of Brazil's scientific research.
A U.S. survey by Clarivate Analytics in 2018 shows that of the 20 best research producers, 15 are part of the government network.
On the day of the protest, Minister Weintraub was called to comment on the budget cuts in the lower House of Congress.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is an act of Love and Courage #TsunamiDaEducacao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Later he was in Texas, U.S.A., where he met former U.S. President George W. Bush.
When asked about the protest, the president said:
It is not uncommon, now, most of the people there are headless.
If you ask the 7th answer 8 times, they do not know.
If you ask them about the structure of the water they won't know, they don't know anything.
They are foolish and profitable and have been exploited by a handful of subtle men who are conducting a number of Brazilian public academies.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime has tasted double-load experiences while working as a female journalist in Uganda.
Screenshot from The Other Side: Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime on YouTube.
In Uganda female journalists who use digital media to report, comment and obtain information are subjected to assaults and harassment because of studying and publishing sensitive political content.
Online bullying has become a new method of censorship.
Women journalists are carrying a double burden of online sex abuse as well as threats related to political reporting.
The continued threats have caused female journalists to withdraw from public debates and leave journalism more dominated by males
Read the cost of being different: Uganda's social media riddle
Joy Doreen Biira, journalist.
Photo via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who was working on Kenya Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, returned home to Uganda for a traditional celebration.
In their hometown, the Ugandan security forces clashed with the Rwenzururu royal guards in the western Ugandan province of Rwenzori, and their palace was burned to the ground.
The gunfire killed 62 people, including 16 policemen.
Biira shares her feelings about the military attack by posting her comments on Facebook on November 27:
It is very sad what I witnessed today with my own eyes the part of the Kingdom Hall there I come from, the Kingdom of Rwenzururu, burning with fire.
I felt as if I were watching an inheritance destroyed in front of my eyes.
Biira was arrested and accused of distributing complicated photos of the horror of the clash between security forces and the Rwenzururu king's guards to a multi-member WhatsApp group, according to the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPIJ).
He also posted a royal palace Instagram video on fire and posted his stories on Facebook, CPJ reports said.
Ugandan security forces were accused of forcing Biira to delete publications on social media and of confiscating her digital equipment, according to the Freedom House 2018 report.
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism for filming a military attack at the court of the king's palace which was punishable by death under the anti-terrorism law if someone was found guilty.
One day later, however, he was released on bail.
The incident triggered strong accusations on social media with slogans such as #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The net accused Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni of silencing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni should stop the habit of silencing journalists.
It is a serious human rights violation in our land.
Biira's lawyer, Nicholas Opiyo, published a tweet showing the official charges faced by Biira:
A copy of Joyan's bail of terrorism charges (laugh!)
#journalism is not a crime @KT NKenya @KT NKenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opium told Global Voices that the Biira case was dismissed and canceled in March 2017 after the government investigated and lacked evidence to prosecute her.
Like many cases like these, a person puts a burden on the soul but remains a feeling of oppression, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also executive director of the Chapter Four Uganda, a human rights organization.
Opium added that spending several days in jail and enduring the pain of imprisonment are feelings that never emanate from a person.
Internet Target Attack
Women journalists who are victims of online bullying are rarely justified, and they often have a hard time ensuring that their complaints are taken seriously and evaluated accordingly.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitware, a Ugandan NTV broadcaster, defended Stella Nyanzi, a scholarly activist who criticized Museveni regime for not fulfilling promises of campaigns to distribute sodo to poor girls.
The rulers forced Uwitware to delete his Twitter and Facebook posts with opinions in support of Nyanzi.
He received threats on Facebook and was kidnapped by strangers for about eight hours, according to Uganda's 2017 Human Rights Report.
His kidnappers were accused of questioning him about his relationship with Nyanzi, badly beating him and even cutting his hair.
Read more: Is a woman's nudity obscene?
women's activist Stella Nyanzi continues fighting in court
Uwitwary was later found at a police station in Kampala.
To this day, however, the regime has made no reports on the investigation of his kidnapping.
Political journalists in particular who shed light on opposition party politics are occasionally witnessing more threats than those who shed light on other issues.
But women journalists are worse because the government believes they are weaker and vulnerable, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, Secretary for Media Security and Human Rights in Uganda's Journalist's Association (UJA), who spoke to Global Voices on WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to sexual harassment on the Internet, female journalists are afraid to place themselves when few tell them how they end up hurting themselves, Anthony said.
Women journalists face more psychological damage, privacy violations, identity damages, reductions in frequency, control, and loss of resources due to their jobs, according to UNESCO's research on freedom of expression in Africa published in 2018.
And according to the Human Rights Network for Ugandan Journalists 2018 survey, 12 percent of female journalists have suffered abuse and abuse, including death threats and arrests.
Three quarters of female journalists have experienced injustice in the hands of government officials such as police, district officials and other security officials.
Attack and persecution
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has faced assaults and harassment while working as a female reporter.
Photo via Paydesk account of Bahati Remmy, used with permission.
Bahati, a Ugandan journalist currently working in the US, told Global Voices that she stopped working as a journalist in Uganda because she felt a loss of enthusiasm after a horrific incident while she was covering the election in Uganda in 2016.
The Ugandan police arrested Remmy while broadcasting live on private NBS television to illuminate the detention at the home of the main opposition leader Dr.Kizza Besigye in Kasangati.
Remmy told Global Voices:
Police were in a state of panic in order to stop reporters from lighting news about Besigye.
The police grabbed my breasts in their car, stripped me of clothes and left me naked in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also tortured by a police officer on Facebook because the Ugandan government thought he had collaborated with Besigye to contaminate the country.
He told Global Voices that text messages from strangers were left at his door with threats of kidnapping him if he refused to confide in Besigye’s route from his home.
Following the arrest of Remmy, Uganda's Human Rights Network of Journalists organized a referendum to assess the reality of the case.
The Ugandan police claimed that NBS TV reporter Bahati Remmy violated legal regulations and also prevented the police from doing their work and caused them to arrest him.
Do you agree with this?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It is a weak reason and a lie because there is a videotape showing how Bahati was arrested.
Police should stop directing their problems to reporters.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Anyone trying to inform people about the state of the nation must be arrested.
A major crisis is coming in Uganda soon.
What upsets me is that anyone who tries to declare something that doesn’t support the current regime is treated as rebel so Ugandans must be disillusioned.
Many Ugandan female journalists have given up the press that criticizes the government for fear of being assaulted and abused by the regime.
Experts have explained that governments and security agencies call editors and instruct them not to publish information that gives the government a negative image.
These attacks are not by women in a situation that makes it difficult to grasp the real depth of the problem.
Remmy drew the Ugandan government to the Uganda Human Rights Commission, but to this day, nothing has been learned about his case.
The commission lacks the freedom to make decisions on the part of those filing complaints against the government.
Seven of its members, including its chairman, are elected by the president, with the approval of Parliament.
They are biased, Remmy said, adding: They have accumulated cases, and most of the cases they want to hear are submitted by the government.
Many of the threats to online female journalists are closely linked to the threats to online violence against female journalists.
Remmy believes that the rights and status of female journalists should always be respected because the attacks on females are suppressing the media sector as a whole.
As Uganda prepares to hold presidential and parliamentary elections in 2021, the attacks and harassment of female and government journalists should be halted because it affects access to information, freedom of expression and the democratic rights of Ugandan citizens.
Journalism remains a neglected child in the country’s system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post is part of the series entitled Identity Debate: A forum to regulate online threats to freedom of expression in Africa, These publications discuss hate statements based on identity or discrimination based on language or geographic origins, misinformation and harassment (particularly against female activists and journalists) that swept through the Internet in seven African countries: Algeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Sudan, Tunisia and Uganda.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Fund for International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
The roots of trees stretched from a 15th - century wall on Kilwa Kisiwani Island, Tanzania.
In 1981 the ruins of the great Swahili sultan on the island were declared UNESCO's heritage site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
Following a Twitter campaign by Global Voices Sub-Saharan Africa Belt of Sub-Saharan Africa in collaboration with Rising Voices project, a different language activist shared his views on digital rights and African-language interference as part of the project, Matric identity: Threat of suppression of online freedom of expression in Africa.
According to the United Nations Educational, Scientific, and Cultural Organization (UNESCO), language and cultural diversity plays a strategic role for people around the world in an effort to promote community unity and solidarity.
This diversity of languages and cultures pushed the UNESCO conference to announce International Mother Language Day (IMLD) in November 1999, the anniversary of February 21 each year.
To strengthen IMLD, the United Nations (UN) declared the International Year of Indigenous Languages (IYIL 2019, to take into account the threat of the world's extinction of indigenous languages.
Today, there are over 7,100 languages spoken worldwide, 28 percent of them in Africa alone.
Despite this, English is taking the lead online in the region.
Twenty years ago, 80 percent of the world's online content was based on English.
At present, however, English content is said to drop to a rate of between 51 and 55 percent.
So, is it: does this decline indicate that people now prefer their native languages to English, considering that only less than 15 percent of the world's population speaks English as their first language?
The Seed's Coming?
is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), along with Hungarian, Portuguese, French, Spanish and Arabic.
It is also the widest used language of the member nations of the Eastern African Community (EAC).
Rwanda, a member state of the EAC, through its lower parliament, passed a scheme to make Swahili the official language in 2017 besides Kinyarwanda, French and English.
Despite being used for the purposes of the regime, Swahili will be incorporated into the country's educational course.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government approved the creation of the National Swahili Council.
Article 6 (2) of the Constitution of Uganda has also stated that Swahili will be the second official language in Uganda and will be used in the environment as long as the Parliament can prescribe by law.
In 2018, South Africa, a nation proud of its 11 official languages, introduced Swahili as a voluntary lesson in its course, beginning in 2020.
In 2019, the South African Development Community (SADC) adopted Swahili as its fourth official language.
Online Swahili Scenario
Photo by Rachel Strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Despite the widely spoken African language, and 150 million people especially in East Africa, the lakeside, southern Somalia, and other parts of southern Africa, Swahili's online appearance is limited.
John Walubengo, a lecturer at the Multimedia University of Kenya, analyzes in an article in Nation, a daily journal in Kenya, that the lack of language and culture on the Internet is creating a world-small society.
Walubengo explains that many indigenous cultures end up surrendering their identity to the English climate of doing things.
This sad reality can be changed, however, only if indigenous communities struggle to retain their identity online as well as offline, he says.
All of this, however, is not disappointing.
There are several organizations that have taken the lead in promoting and promoting Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(ICANN), a multinational organization that regulates the Internet Name System (DNS), IP addresses (IP) and independent network numbers, established the International Committee Names (IDNs), which enable people to use group names in indigenous languages and text. Actually, they are created using characters from different texts, such as Arabic, Chinese, or Syrian.
These characters are duplicated by Unicode and used as permitted by IDN teams, a set of standards classified by the Internet Architecture Board (IAB), and its small corporate groups; the Internet Engineering Work Commission (IETF) and the Internet Research Commission (IRTF).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is a community of regional leaders, sponsored by the ICANN, which provides an online community for the next one billion Internet users.
This is being achieved through a process known as the Universal Acceptance (UA), which ensures that web programs and systems handle all high-ranking groups (TLDs) and emails according to these groups in a steady way along with those in non-Latin text and those with more than three characters.
UA serve netizens worldwide in their native languages and in the names of groups that identify their culture.
Thus, develop a multilingual network.
ICANN Wiki
This non-profit agency, a wiki-based public coverage of ICANN and Internet Governance, has long collaborated with organizations, educational institutions and individuals in Kenya and Tanzania.
While it has enabled East Africans to build, translate and increase the resources of the Week by their experiences, language and perspective.
The project I’ve been able to get involved with as a writer has bridged the gap of information on the issues of Internet Governance by embracing the content of ICANN Wiki to promote participation in the communities targeted.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab is an international community of volunteers who are tolerant of translating and embracing digital safety guidelines and devices such as TOR, Signal, OONI, Psiphon.
Technology reflects security, privacy, and privacy by ensuring that indigenous-language activists have safe access to information online.
Localization Lab has translated more than 60 tools into 180 different languages around the world,
Kondoa Community Network (KCN)
For the first time to experiment with TV Swap technology, TVWS, wireless wireless technology that uses wireless radio waves within 470 to 790 MHz bands to solve the challenge of online connectivity in rural Tanzania.
KCN teaches villagers to create and become owners of useful natural content and their context.
Mat Matriera, founder of KCN and assistant lecturer at the University of Yanga, Tanzania, told Global Voices via Skype, that he believes the original content is an incentive for more people on the Internet to join online because they can understand their original information [] compared with the current content in English.
The next billion users online
The world is hoping to connect the next billion users online and 17 million of these users are estimated to be connected online using languages as their digital identity.
Hence, the lack of natural content may have a tremendous impact if you consider digital integration.
It will also affect digital rights, access to the Internet, access to online explanations, and the right to use their original languages to create, share, and disseminate information and information online.
It is thus important to set strategies that will promote the development of ICT and service programs, such as the use of the vernacular, in order to ensure digital integration for all.
Spurred on by extensive efforts such as the availability of teaching and learning materials, and the reading and writing programs of TEHAMA in rural areas, this action can trigger a digital revolution, thereby raising the digital rights of internet users and bridging the digital division gap.
This process will eventually speed up the protection, respect and development of all African languages and minor languages online as reached in the principles of the African Declaration of Internet Rights and Freedoms.
Mantiki Identification Project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation (CIPESA) and the International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA)
The TEDGlobal Web room.
Image by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Through its Sub-Saharan Sub-Saharan Africa contributors and the Rising Voices Project, Global Voices will launch a Twitter campaign as part of a project known as Identity: A platform to control online threats to freedom of expression in Africa, from April 20 to May 22, 2020.
Identification: A new digital rights project in Africa
As a continuation of Journalism to Freedom: politics and digital rights in Africa, this five-week social media campaign to encourage society will engage in a discussion organised by @GVSSAfrica involving activists in five African-language activists, who will promote the linguistic and digital rights ratio.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation and the International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Global Voices is one of the beneficiaries.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Bambara, Igbo, Hoekhoe, N- neguuuu, Swahili, Yorùbá, along with French and English.
They will also be able to share their own experience and personal understanding from a language perspective about challenges threatening digital rights.
How does the threat of online neutrality affect online content in African languages; the spread of misinformation in African languages in different languages online and what is done by companies or social organizations in this regard; the consequences of a lack of affordable internet access in areas with large African speakers; the importance and challenges of access to information in African digital languages.
They will also focus on organizational policies, as well as on the ongoing challenges that can affect how citizens can express themselves freely in their language.
Meet the leaders of the debate on Twitter
The Twitter discussion will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda (hohohoekhoe/in-English) from Moorish Africa, Adéṣínà Ghani Ayẹni (in-Germany) from Nigeria, Kpénahi Traoré (Bambara/in-French) from Burkina Faso, Roseblossom Ozurumba (Igbo-English) from Nigeria and Bonface Witaba (Swahili-English) from Kenya.
Some of the participants participated in the online campaign @DigiAfricanLang to celebrate the International Year of Indigenous Languages 2018.
April 20-2: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a Quirist or activist, is a writer struggling for the establishment of the Hawaiian languages, the first two languages in South Africa.
Khoe is spoken in Namibia, it is read in schools, but in southern Africa, where it originates, only 2,000 people are speaking, not the official recognized language, not in schools.
The Arabic language has only one vocabulary speaker, not the official recognized language, and in schools, and is a threatened language.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used with permission.
April27 - May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but originated in Burkina Faso.
He is the chief editor of RFI mandenkan, the Bambara-language newsroom of Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in the Bambara language.
Previously, he assumed that it would be impossible to make journalism in the Bambara language
Traoré"s mother tongue is the Samaritan, although she had a dialect called Dioula in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
The Moors call it Bambara, the Guineans call it Mbalinke, while others call it Mandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom Ozurumba (@blossomozurumba)
Blossom Ozurumba.
Photo used with permission.
It is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from Igbo for the good one.
Ozurumba is fascinated by Igbo's language and culture and is dedicated to making sure that a number of people learn to speak, write and read to a reasonable degree.
Ourumba is the founder of an iconic group of Wikimedia users and may occasionally initiate a conversation about the Wikimedia Foundation without pressure.
She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the quiet and steady pace of the city.
May 11-15: Ọ Yoòbá (@yobamoodua)
Adéṣínà Ayẹni.
Photo used with permission
Adéṣínà Ayẹni, also known as OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL OL
As a ventriloquist, he has prepared a lot of Yorùbá radio broadcasts of Nigerian and TVC radio campaigns.
He is the founder of the Yobamoodua Heritage, a platform dedicated to the spread of the Yorùbá language and culture.
He is also the linguistic manager for Global Voices website Yorùbá.
She is a teacher of the Yorùbá language on tribalingua.com where she teaches students from far away on earth.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer translators and netizens, software producers, and mediators working together to translate and install digital security tools and tools to avoid locking or suppressing the Internet.
He has composed a book entitled: Ẹyà Ara Ẹdá Ọ nafnìyàn, a collection of paintings that bear the names of anatomy and the structure of the human body and plants that perform amazing functions on every corner of the body.
He is a research member of the Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 1822: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
A writer, naturalist and activist, instructor, researcher, and online governance and policy consultant.
He is the founder of ICANN Wiki S, a dictionary website with the aim of developing, translating, 10,000 web-based articles and vocabulary to the Swahili language of 150 million Swahili speakers by 2020.
She is also conducting a youth project aimed at building the capabilities of students, scholars, and individuals in the private sector and; in the government, through courses on online governance.
Protesters calling for the removal of former president Robert Mugabe (who is now elite) from office on November 18, 2017.
Photo by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes (Free to use).
Early on the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabweans woke up with widespread news that the former madabe, the late Robert Mugabe, had been removed from office in a coup, and was in detention at his residence, the White House, and his family.
Major General Sibusiso Moyo, currently minister of foreign affairs, announced on state television that the president was safe under state protection and that the situation is on a different level.
Immediately after the General Heart's announcement, Zimbabweans flocked with great excitement to social networks, especially WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook, to get updates on the situation.
For the first time the popularity of social media to provide news and encourage protests took root among Zimbabweans, as protesters took to the streets and helped push for Mugabe's resignation.
The new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, re-established the power of social media.
As former national security minister, Mnangagwa also recognized the importance and position of misinformation in Zimbabwe's political spheres.
In March 2018, in recognition of the political power in front of him and in order to ensure victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections in the following year, Mnangagwa ordered the Zimbabwe National Union-Patriotic Front (ZANU National Union-Patriotic Front) Youth Unity to spill on social networks and online and violate and attack the opposition.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, his plan has reinforced a conflict of misinformation and misinformation, leaving Zimbabweans with only a few reliable sources of information and information about the transition and anti-government protests.
While the new government claimed to curse false information on social media that they considered to be a threat to the regime in power, it also deceived the public as to how it dealt with anti-government protests.
The challenge of online freedom of expression
Zimbabwe has seen a dramatic increase in Internet use on mobile phones and social media in the past few years.
The Internet spread by 41.1 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 52.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while the mobile phone spread by 43.8 percent from 58.8 percent to 102.7 percent over the same period.
This means that half the population is now connected to the Internet, compared with only 11 percent in 2010.
However, misrepresentation and false reporting have also found a climate of widespread criticism for a number of reasons: mass media division, government proposals to restrict social media, poor forms of formal communication and poor education among Internet users.
During the January 2019, anti-government protests, when state security forces arrested and attacked hundreds of protesters, the news of the repression contradicted the government's allegations that it was fake news or that it completely denied its existence.
The government blocked access to the internet to disrupt the flow of news and thus caused much confusion.
The government's leaders and their supporters also used a method of misrepresentation of the protests and confusion of any ship's statements by branding them falsely.
In Zimbabwe, citizens generally regard any statements made by government ministers as accurate.
For example, Deputy Minister Energy Mutodi appeared to convince people that everything was OK and that videos and photographs of soldiers patrolling the streets were made by a few hoodlums.
Mutodi continued to mislead the nation when he claimed on national television that there was no internet shutdowns but that there was overcrowding.
In another case suspected of government-sponsored misinformation, millions of people were blocked from social media during the January protest.
Others deployed virtual Private Network (VPN) to keep up-to-date, yet reports were circulated that deploying similar appliances would lead to arrest, causing increasing fear and panic.
In March 2019, while Human Rights Watch (HRW) tweeted a report condemning the use of horrendous government brutality to regulate January 2019, government supporters used Twitter to contaminate and attackHRW.
One Twitter user tweeted that the agency was spreading outright lies and called it a colonial entity which was commissioned to pressure innocent countries to defend imperial interests in the United States.
Another referred to the government's allegations and lamented that the violence was caused by hoodlums who were trying to devour the president.
And distortions about government policies and other incidents of public interest continue to escalate after the January protest.
The ruling party Zanu PF recently used Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr. Peter Magombey, the vice president of the Zimbabwe Hospital Medical Association (ZHDA).
She was kidnapped on September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a strike in the health sector.
THE Youth Secretary PF described Magombey as a foolish and authoritative man.
A PF Patriots account stated that the reports of his kidnapping were false.
Others spread false claims that doctors killed many patients as a result of the strike, including more than 500 in one hospital.
Zimbabwe's T-shirt of History
Media control in Zimbabwe is rooted in 20th - century colonial policies, which were punctuated by force to slam before political powers.
The Ian Smith-led Rhodessian government focused on propaganda and controlled information as its best weapon not only to support the government's legitimacy but also to spread misinformation about war.
The colonial government passed a large number of laws to suppress or reject Smith's discriminatory policies and enforced these laws in a ruthless way targeting liberation leaders.
News control was a common phenomenon prior to freedom in 1980, and this phenomenon set a role model for the government in communications policies and media management over the years that followed.
As well-known South African journalist and author Heidi Holland wrote in her book Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter Who Became a Tyrant:
Many people in Zanu PF's activism have lived in brutality woven into their daily lives to the extent that it seems normal.
The battle of the jungle, or the second war of Chimurenga, has never ended completely in Zimbabwe.
Today, he is perpetuating this heritage, suppressing the voices of critics through misinformation techniques and cyberbullying.
This post is part of a series of publications covering digital rights violations through such tactics as internet shutdowns and misinformation during major political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by Africa Digital Rights Fund for The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Women's protests in June 2018 in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo by Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the Internet has become a scene of confrontation when the government is trying to silence the voice of growing online opposition.
Over the years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to suppress the opposition and restore the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni to power.
This includes blocking media sites, filtering text messages (SMS) and blocking social media platforms.
As 2021, Uganda's general elections approach, government leaders are expected to develop similar tactics.
Imprisonment during elections 2016
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders had to shut down social media platforms twice.
The first imprisonment was carried out on February 18, 2016, during the eve of presidential elections, and it affected social media platforms and telecommunication services.
This prevention lasted a total of four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter and mobile money, were shut down once more.
This imprisonment lasted a day and took place a day before President Museveni's fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
Opposition is strong: According to a referendum released in April 2019, the majority of Ugandans are against the 2017 decision to remove the 75-year-old pattern for presidential election, which could allow the 74-year-old president to vote again in the 2021 elections.
During all the closure in 2016, the Ugandan government pointed out that the reason was national security to control the Internet.
The confusion was ordered by Ugandan security agencies and the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), which oversees the sector of communication, online literature, broadcasting (all radio and television), film industry, postal services, mail and package distribution.
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a telecommunication service provider, tweeted confirming that the UCC, had ordered MTN to shut down all social media services and mobile money services because of public security threats.
The order also affected other telephone companies, such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
President Museveni told reporters that he ordered the closing of social media: Measures must be taken for security to prevent many people from getting into trouble, briefly because some people use them to tell lies, he said.
On March 17, in an official statement during the Supreme Court's ruling in which President Museveni's victory was challenged, the executive director of the UCC, Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received instructions from Inspector General of Police, Kale Kayihura, to block social media sites and mobile money services for security reasons.
The imprisonment encroached on the rights and everyday life of Ugandans who are online and social media outlets to get news, express opinions and engage in their everyday business.
Weeks before the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the elections using the hashtags #UgandaDecides and # UGDebate16.
The Ugandans’ level of online participation was triggered by the presidential debate of the first ever broadcast on TV, the first in January and the second, a week later.
Despite social media shutdowns, many Ugandans continued to post information about the elections using a personal IP address known as VPN.
The day of elections, citizens were able to share what was going on about the delay of voting equipment in distant stations, incidents of electoral fraud, and the temporary impact of censorship on social media.
Human rights activists say that strategic incarceration during elections reduces communication speed, only when access to information and citizen speech is necessary.
Internet shutdowns prevent people from talking about certain matters that affect them, such as health, interacting with friends and exchanging political opinions, Moses Owiny, chief officer of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, an independent policy analysis platform operating in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, imprisonment purposes to curb political opposition on the basis of the government's fear that citizen opinions can influence the public, claims that he believes are not based on fact but are supposed.
Uganda's history of shut down online platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered ISPs to suspend access to Facebook and Twitter for 24 hours in order to eliminate connections and information exchanges.
The order was issued during a fierce march to work led by the opposition following rising oil and food prices.
The telecommunications authority said that security forces asked to block the use of social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, the election was hit by SMS filtering of Egypt, bullet and people power.
Toward the 2006 general elections, the UCC ordered ISPs to block access to Radio Katwe by publishing malicious and false information against the ruling National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the 2015 Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA) policy publication.
The Ugandan authorities blocked access to the radio station's broadcasts and the Daily Monitor website by publishing free election results.
The platforms were quickly reinstated but only after the electoral commission announced the official results.
The 202 elections?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Since 2016, the regime has continued to arrest opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, popular like Bobi Wine, singer and leader of the People Power opposition party, who is also a member of parliament, has already announced his intention to run for presidency.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges of offending the president and if he is found guilty, he will not be allowed to interrogate.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the regime targeted six opposition MPs including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the August 15 sub-election in Arua (northern Uganda).
The police and the army arrested the group and 28 others on August 13, 2018, and charged them with treason.
Later they were released on bail.
The police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, as they on the election and the violence associated with the election, including the tragic shooting of Bobi Wine's driver by the military.
#FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2021, elections approach, the Ugandan regime is more likely to promote opposition repression, including blocking social media.
Indeed, since the 2016 elections there have been no changes in the legal system that allow the government to restrict the right to freedom of expression and access to information online.
According to the 2016 Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Act gives the UCC more power and works under Article 5 which allows a telecommunication regulator to monitor, inspect, authorize, regulate, and regulate communications services and to set standards, monitor, and carry out data-related observations.
With the request of the government, the UCC used this section to instruct ISPs to block access to social media and mobile money services during the 2016 elections.
The government continues to use these laws to regulate public debates and to silence political opponents, especially during elections.
Owiny argues that the government has access to the Internet whenever it seems necessary: Where the security of the government and that of its citizens interferes, and where the security of the government is threatened, the security of the government and its maintenance will be given priority.
NGOs and human rights advocates have been preparing in Uganda so that the imprisonment like that in 2016 will not happen again.
Several organizations wrote a joint letter to the African Community and regional organizations asking to condemn Uganda's government's decision to block access to the internet during the 2016 elections.
Unness Uganda brought the Ugandan government, including ISPs and Communications Regulator (UCC), to court in a case filed in September 2016.
The organization showed that the government-organized internet shutdown violated Ugandan citizens’ right to freedom of speech and expression as outlined in the regulations of Article 29 (1) of the 1995 constitution.
However, when the judge ruled that the prosecution failed to verify any violations of the detention, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Successful internet access in the upcoming elections will require more defense.
Owiny recommended the need for digital rights activists to increase the dialogue between the government and the private sector to communicate the effects of imprisonment because the private sector is being feared by the government.
Uganda was among the first countries in Africa to legislate the right of citizens to access to public information, known as Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The Law promises to provide prosperity, simplicity, transparency and accountability that will make it easier for the public to gain access to and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens of a country.
Will the State fulfill its responsibility to promote the right to information?
And will it fulfill his promises?
This post is part of a series of publications covering digital rights violations through such tactics as internet shutdowns and misinformation during major political events in seven African countries: Algeria, eEthiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by Africa Digital Rights Fund for The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from the DCMA School practice musical instruments at Old Customs, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2019,.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of visitors to Old Town, Zanzibar, an ancient city renowned for its great archipelago history, follow the sound of singing from the DCMA, a music school aimed at advertising and caring for coastal music known to have its roots in the islands and other coastal areas of the Indian Ocean.
Since 2002, the school has been advertising and nurturing the unique Zanzibar culture that mixes Arab, Indian and African cultures through music.
Seventeen years since the school's founding, he is clearly facing a financial crisis that threatens his imprisonment.
Nearly 80 percent of schoolchildren there are unable to pay their school fees, which is about $13 a month, according to a DCMA official public statement.
Although the school has been receiving aid from international sponsors and friendly organizations, it is currently facing a huge demand that might force it to pack up its belongings and leave the historic Palace in Zanzibar, known as the Old Customs House.
Without hastening funding, the students and teachers of the DCMA are concerned that sounds that tend to hover from the outskirts of the building and make the islands entertain art may cease.
Not only does the school teach and promote culture and natural heritage through music but it is also occupied by a large group of young musicians who seek alternatives to their artistic life - style.
A DCMA student learns to play a natural taarab instrument.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We are beginning to cope with the financial crisis, says Alessia Lombardo, executive director of the DCMA, in the official DCMA video.
From now until the next six months, we are not sure that we can be able to pay the salaries of teachers and other employees.
Currently, 19 professional teachers and a few other employees have been unpaid for more than six months because the school has been concerned with receiving aid from friends at the same time trying to create a sustainable income system for the school's operation.
Although the islands are known to attract many tourists to the advice of beaches and luxury hotels, many residents are suffering from severe unemployment despite statistics issued by the World Bank that indicate that poverty on the islands has decreased somewhat.
For more than 17 years, DCMA has tirelessly worked to promote and protect Zanzibar's great heritage through music.
If it was the birthplace of a taarab star and famous singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Mrs.
Kidude Zanzibar is the home of a musical scene that emerged through the cultural mixture and collaboration of the Pwani Swahili community over the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn traditional music, such as the taarab, the drums and the dumbak, as well as other instruments, such as the drums, the sword and old, as guards and translators of culture and tradition.
Neema Surri, a violinist at school at DCMA, has been learning how to play the instrument since the age of 9.
I know many youths who are eager to learn music but cannot afford to pay a small fee for counsel on poverty and unemployment, Surri said on DCMA video.
The DCMA students exercise at the Old Customs Hall, their school, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2018.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After completing the DCMA workshops, the Astashahada and the Stashahada courses, many DCMA students go to work on international platforms as prestigious bands and independent artists.
Omar Juma, former DCMA student and current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa with his prestigious Siti band and His band, known to combine roots by mixing the sounds of natural trouble with the sounds of modern justice.
Also, in collaboration with fellow band members, who are former DCMA students, he released his first album, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, continuing to perform in Voices of Discretion, the largest music concert in the East African region, that same year.
Here is the band's Nielewe song and her video, showing the harm Zanzibar has to tell the story of a woman coping with domestic violence and music life dreams, like Omar Juma's private life story:
East African Women in the Music Industry Sing Against Man's Rulership
The history of cultural interference and cooperation
More than 15,000 visitors have gone through the school building to enjoy commercial shows, seminars, and classrooms as well as to meet with DCMA musicians representing the future of Zanzibar's culture and heritage, according to the DCMA.
Tasteful of the history of India, the Arab world and Africa, the school is delighted to be the product of cultures of various countries, with cultures connected to the region of the Indian Ocean and the Persian Gulf.
The famous sultan of Oman, a king of the 17th and 19th centuries, moved from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From Old Town, Oman's rulers operated the ocean trade, including cloves, gold, and clothing, based on wind - controlled vessels traveling between the banks of the Indian Ocean in India to Oman and East Africa.
Young people in Zanzibar realize the importance of understanding their history to determine whether their future and the music they make today describe the desire to rank between the past and the present.
The DCMA students and their teachers recently introduced TaraJazz, a combination of natural taarab and modern jazz.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most sought bands on the island, here captured by photographer Aline Coquelle:
The coastline tells the story of a mixture of culture and the DCMA is perpetuating this culture through musical collaboration.
Each year the school organizes a project called S Encounters, a [Swahili Summit] that brings together well - known musicians from Africa, the Middle East, Europe and North America and the students of the DCMA to create a literal musical album within a week.
At the end of the meeting, new teams of assembled artists are required to perform in Sound of Discretion, and these teams often enjoy lasting friendships that cross the borders of language and culture, thus proving that music is the language of the world.
The DCMA hosts a weekly business showing the gifts of its students and friends who visit the musicians, Old Town, Zanzibar, 2018.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
The DCMA recognizes that music is raising and uniting people regardless of their culture and that it also employs talented young people living in a society where there is a poor economy and a shortage of employment opportunities.
For the 1,800 students who have passed the DCMA studies, this school is the only musical home they know, where they can learn and grow like talented musicians and artists.
A visitor from Uhisipania, who recently visited the DCMA school, wrote on TripAdvisor: Personally, meeting the musicians was my best time on the islands there.
While the Zanzibar tourism sector is growing rapidly, the DCMA school believes that music plays an important role in celebrating, preserving and advertising Swahili culture, heritage and history.
Zanzibar is more than just a beach and its luxurious hotels is a place full of sprouting talents in the great history of the convention and the combinations of history.
The editor of this article once volunteered at the DCMA school.
Sierra health workers preparing to enter the Ebola treatment area.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
In early August, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on the progress of the medical process of testing a number of drugs to treat Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Republic of Congo).
WHO pointed out that the tested Ebola drugs have shown positive results that will lead to life expectancy for Ebola patients, adding that two out of every four drugs tested have shown significant potential for treating Ebola.
Who is involved in this Ebola treatment?
Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB) DR of Congo, devoted much of his life to seeking treatment for the Ebola virus.
While international media coverage of how Ebola is leading to the highest mortality rate in the country of Congo, news about the scientist is being covered in small amounts by the media.
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : that we will no longer say that Ebola syndrome (EVD) is incurable.
Thanks to Muyembe-Tamfum's dignified work, scientists experimented with four drugs to treat Ebola: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN-EB3.
A medical experimental response conducted on 499 participants in the study showed that patients treated with REGN-EB3 or mAb114 had a higher chance of recovery compared with those treated with two other drugs.
A study conducted under the oversight of the Institut National de Recherche Biomédicale (INRB), the Ministry of Health of the Congo and three other health - care organizations: the International Society for Health Affairs (ALIMA), the International Medical Corps (IMC) and Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
A Congolese responsible for Ebola treatment availability
Tamembe-Tamfum has been doing Ebola research since his first report on Ebola in Congo when in 1976 he was the first researcher to visit an Ebola-less Ebola area for the first time.I spent four decades of my life seeking treatment for Ebola.So this is a success in my life-Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, the Director General of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Democratic Republic of Congo and his colleagues discovered a new Ebola treatment that could cure the symptoms of Ebola in just three hours.I spent four decades of my life seeking treatment for Ebola.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, director general of the Institut National de Recherche Biomedicale of the Democratic Republic of #Congo and colleagues have discovered a new treatment for Ebola that can cure symptoms in just three hours.
A professor of microbiology at the Medical University of Kinshasa- Democratic Republic of Congo, has so far spent 40 years looking for a cure for the disease.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the implementation of the he worked with WHO in implementing preventive measures after the first Ebola cases in Kikwit, Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum spoke during a public education exercise in Beni, North Kivu, Democratic Republic of Congo, in early September 2018.
Photo by MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this discovery, the Ebola victims now have a lot of opportunities to hope for urgent services and to be hospitalized for more treatment while they are still alive.
With 90 percent of patients able to get access to health centers and get treatment and return full - grown, begin to believe in this drug and build faith to their communities and citizens in general.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
Reasons for the treatment of Ebola
The first Ebola cases are in 1976 near the river Ebola in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Disease Prevention and Prevention (CDC), since then, the Ebola virus has been repeatedly emerging from a natural source (so far unknown) and leading people in Africa to contract the disease.
Ebola epidemics since 1976.
A map from an Anti - Traffic Center
between 2014 and 2016 more than 28,600 people infected with Ebola in West Africa.
According to the WHO 2015 report:
In 2014 Senegal had one case of Ebola infection and no death.
WHO announced Nigeria's struggle to cope with the Ebola virus as part of a major struggle to cope with a rapidly spreading deadly disease.
In January 2015, Mali 8 Ebola cases and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was critical between March and June 2016 in three countries: in Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 people suffered from Ebola and 4,000 deaths; in Liberia: about 10,000 people suffered from Ebola and 3,000 died. Guinea: 3,800 patients and 2,500 deaths.
Overview of Ebola International
The devastating Ebola epidemic in African countries sparked panic and panic in 2015 when two Ebola sufferers were to have died in the United States, one in Spain and one in Germany.
GabyF Böl, a researcher at the Institute for the Assessment of Disasters in Berlin, Germany, other reports of Ebola patients in Spain, Germany, England, Italy, and Switzerland.
Meanwhile, the Ebola epidemic was taken as a death sentence for lack of adequate treatment.
As he noted earlier, the high rate of deaths from Ebola and also the /a> misinformation in the media about Ebola sometimes sparked alarm worldwide.
Reports like this were also funded by 2017 research that Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman criticized Over 109,000 posts published in mainstream media and blogs in the United States between July and November 2014, based on the Ebola story.
They discovered three major stories about Ebola in mainstream media and blogs in the United States on July 27, September 28, and October 15, 2014:
It was first on July that U.S. doctors serving in Liberia were infected with Ebola.
On September, the press extensively on Thomas Duncan's suffering from Ebola in Texas and as the first time that Ebola was in the United States.
On October 12, reports of an Ebola patient, a health - care provider, were widely circulated in the United States.
After October, other incidents of the Ebola epidemic were repeatedly that resulted in the fading of the Ebola epidemic from day to day.
The news media in the United States may have a lot about Ebola due to the incidence of Ebola in the United States.
Also, because of the ease of social media coverage, Ebola has become widely debated in European and U.S. media.
It remains to be seen, however, whether the information about an Ebola cure discovered by an African from the Democratic Republic of Congo that treats the African disease will be made available in the media as it was in 2017.
Erick Kabendera training journalists in 2012, Dare s salaam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 soldiers forcibly arrested Erick Kabendera in his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania, and put him in custody.
Police say Kabendera has defended the order to surrender himself for investigation of his citizenship if he is Tanzanian.
During the past week the police searched the kabendera house twice, deceived his passport, his other personal documents, and questioned his family.
In August, when the authorities reversed the point, Kabandera was charged with bankruptcy, 75,000 US$’ tax evasion, and criminal connections, according to the CPJ’s charges.
Police say Kabendera has committed these crimes for the past four years since 2015.
For Kabendera's trial he may be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison and exempt from bail.
Magufuli of Tanzania
At first they have captured a journalist, when they noticed noise has been a lot of people claiming he’s not Tanzanian, and he’s missing, he’s now being accused of cybercrime and tax evasion.
Meet Erick Kabendera, His fault is to be a journalist.
Freedom of the press has deteriorated dramatically in the Tanzanian period Magufuli by CPJ.
Muthoka Mumo, a representative of the Institute for the Protection of Journalists (CPJ) in sub-Saharan Africa, says:
It seems that throughout the past week the authorities have been seeking to establish the reasons for his detention, the independent journalist and critic.
At first they claimed that Erick Kabendera's citizenship is not for sale, this day they have added an entirely different charge, which makes us wonder why they intend to detain him.
As a journalist Kabendera has been criticizing President John Magufuli’s regime and has often been taking the lead in press freedom.
He has on local and international media outlets such as The Guardian, African Arguments and The East African about Tanzanian politics and the way people are distributed.
JJebra Kambole, who is Kabendera's attorney, says, malamka also accused Kabendera of instigating statements against the government through an article published in The Economist, entitled John Magufuli suppresses freedom of information in Tanzania.
Shortly: Journalist Erick Kabendera was charged with instigating statements against the government for an article published in The Economist, which says John Magufuli suppresses press freedom in Tanzania comments from Zebra Kambole say Mr Kabendera has been denied bail.
Civilization has been made a silent tool
The kabendera family says, this is not the first time the government asks about kabendera citizenship.
The government filed similar charges in 2013 but the case was later canceled, according to The Citizen.
He felt at the time that the authorities wanted to use the question of his citizenship as a way to silence him.
Last year, The Citizen a number of cases in which the government used the question of complacency as a tool to silence criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, executive director of Twaweza, a civil society organization, who hanged in the voices of citizens, said authorities have deceived his passport and banned him from traveling while his citizenship investigation continues.
Two weeks before the event, were we able to report the results of a study called Telling the Truth to the Responsible?
Tanzania's Public Opinion on Politics
The Commission on Science and Technology (Costech) claimed that the research was not approved and threatened to take legal action but was later canceled, according to the same article in The Citizen newspaper.
In recent years Tanzania has introduced numerous legislative adjustments targeting bloggers and media, civil society, art and culture organizations and as well as professionals and researchers to take the initiative of analysts who criticize the government as an attempt to censor information heard from Tanzania and to deny freedom of expression and political rights.
Can't Tanzanian Bloggers Pay or Borrow Bloggers' Taxes?
#FreeErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, concerned citizen leaders are on social media coverage of Kabendera’s release:
AFEX Africa calls the charges explicit intentions of violence
It’s nine days yet the Tanzanian police are arresting investigated journalist Erick Kabendera @AFEXafrica saying there’s a need for an end to the acts of public violence.
@MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #FreeErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019,
Kabendera, who has often been teaching and encouraging young journalists, has caused his former student to tweet:
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life, and in less than 80 minutes.
He came as an invitation instructor to teach us (a school for journalism and public communication – @UniofDar).
But along with being with us in a short time, I learned much from him.
He really motivated me so much
#100K4Erick
Another netizen thinks Kabendera’s arrest and criticism are a warning sign for other citizens:
I DON'T TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE TAKE.
If Justice Does Not Happen to Him Today and I Silence, It May Not Happen to Me Tomorrow.
No One Is Safe When Unrighteousness Rules
Ivan Golunov and me (all of us).
Flag worn by Meduza, used with permission
This Russian-language explanation means a boiling point enough it is enough maybe a good way is to convey how the number of Russians touched by the arrest of the famous investigative journalist Ivan Golunov is increasing.
He was arrested in Moscow on June 6 for allegedly charged with drug abuse.
Golunov was arrested and refused to consult a lawyer in violation of Russian law.
His lawyer confirmed he was in agony in prison.
After being taken to the hospital, he was put into a special creature on June 8.
At first Russian soldiers showed photographs of a drug laboratory that were believed to have been taken in Golunov's apartment but were later removed.
The pro-Kremlin news media in Russia today has also confirmed that the images were not taken on the Golunov Strait.
Golunov's trial may lead to his being sentenced to 10 to 20 years in prison.
Golunov is working for Meduza, one of the few independent networks in Russian-language that remain in Russia.
Meduza is registered in neighboring Latvia, but has a few offices and journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led a study of a number of corruption incidents involving high-ranking leaders.
Since Golunov's arrest, Meduza has been producing Golunov's articles under creative commons license and has encouraged the media and individuals to re-publish the news, which has been strongly supported by Global Voices.
Among the important stories he published were how vice- mayor Pyotr Biryukov passed on projects for his family and how the project of making moscow an attractive city had a budget that surpassed estimates.
The subject he was dealing with before his arrest had to do with the monarchy of the funeral services in Moscow.
The arrest of Golunov has sparked a rule of solidarity among journalists, activists and lawyers and even famous singers and celebrities outside Mscow and Saint Petersburg.
On June, three main newspapers agreed to publish editions supporting Golunov on the front pages.
Newspapers were sold and kept new records.
Unusual pro-Kremlin media and Channel One, which has a wide audience, are calling for a fair investigation.
June 12th will be Russia’s day, during which public demonstrations and demonstrations permitted by local authorities will take place.
For Russian law, public protests need permission.
Golunov's supporters have announced that they will have their own march without official permission.
Kremlin officials say the Russian government is seeking to remove accusations against the journalist before June 20.
The day President Vladimir Putin, whose standards have fallen in the country’s history, will be speaking directly to the telephone during the annual public speech period when he receives questions from citizens on the telephone and social media.
Kenyan journalist Binyavanga Waina at the Brooklyn Book Festival, 2009.
A 48 - year - old named Waina passed away on Tuesday 22 May in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 and Wikimedia Commons.
It is only 24 hours since Binyavanga Names a Kenyan writer disappeared from this world, but its existence and impact continue to plunge around the world.
The same-spoken journalist blamed the agreement and challenged the government agitating with a revolutionary journalism that would open the door to thousands of journalists who wish to change in writing and explaining what Africa is like.
LGBTQ teacher and activist, 48-year-old Binyavanga Waina, died after a short illness on Tuesday, May 22, Nairobi, Kenya.
What will be the meaning of your life today when it departs?
The death of Binyavanga has made me think about what I was five or many years ago and also about what he was to us like a young man with doubts of affection and hunger for changes on our land and on ours.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019,
For a few minutes, her Annanina supporters and supporters were flooded on social networks exchanging memories and thanks and discussing many of her most fascinating texts.
Waina is well-known for her provocative,How to write about Africa, published in the 2006 newspaper.
He is also known for his 2012 biographical diary, One Day I'll write about this section, and Mother's article, I'm a basha, published in Chimurenga, and Africa is a Country published in 2014.
The post was very lively on Twitter because people tried to show the truth and newspapers called Waina one of the 100 most influential people in the world.
In an article on how to describe Africa, the Waina called the western media and all the industrial aid in Nairobi to promote unhealthy discrimination against the African continent with ridicule and sarcasm.
Do not try to put a picture of a good African on the cover of a book or inside it unless the African has won the Nobel prize.
A AK-47, good lips, open breast: use this.
If you'll have to include Africa, make sure you get her from Masai or Zulu or Dogon.
His horn was a small sharp knife, writes Nigerian journalist Nwachukwu Egbunike.
His article or book, quoted extensively by professionals, NGOs and relief workers has had a profound impact on awareness about Africa and continues to circulate, to mystery and anger.
Commenter Pernille Bærendtsen writes about the outcome:
For me, the article has followed since I was presented in 2008 by a Kenyan friend.
I am actually one of the people criticized by Binyavanga: A development development worker employed in Tanzania by a Danish NGO wrote about the results of the article.
This was as industrialization and aid increased its effectiveness in order to find quick access to the cost shift that was emerging.
I had many reasons to feel embarrassed, but I also had time to plan for change.
Binyavanga later explained in the journal Bidoun how this article came about only in life and two aspects: By exposing and explaining the dangers of the fictional writers, employees of NGOs, musicians, conservationists, students and traveling journalists who read the directions of how or even how not to write about Africa, they begin to ask for his consent.
Waina was the son of a Kenyan father and a Ugandan mother, and she continued to question the fraud described about Africa especially through her 2012 lifetime journal, which was one day I'll write about this place.
It captured readers from his infancy in the 1970 "s in Kenya and his period as a student in South Africa during which he spent many years in exile.
The criticism praised the book as real and true, but the Ninevites later admitted that he had forgotten a vital chapter of the love of his life.
Mother, I was the first high-ranking Kenyan and open-minded by speaking on social media, arousing a lot of opinion from the community.
It seemed to be a lost chapter in the memory of his life.
Waina saw that she was gay to her mother she was dying.
The post was prompted as a campaign against the anti-gay conference and anti-gay laws was proposed in Uganda and later in Tanzania where homosexual acts are criminalized.
Read Tanzania's position on homosexuality to shut down the political agenda
However, unlike other exiled journalists, Waina returned home as Nanjala Nyabola tweeted to BBC, saying it was important:
For those of us who grew up with well - known Kenyan journalists living in exile, imprisoned, poor or poorly commended or not so badly rejected, she returned home and that was very important.
She was incomprehensible but for this she always deserves to be thankful.
We are required to speak our thoughts
When Benjamin truly became popular with various international groups, at home he criticized and faced pressure to be undeserved on established grounds.
Binyavanga demanded freedom of speech and thought.
Courageously in a community made possible by LGBTQ argued about overturning the foundations
In response to noise and other responses, that same year Waina wrote We should speak our thoughts, at Yuotube as a six-part message carrying his thoughts on freedom and thought.
I need to live a life of freedom of thought, he explained in the first part.
I'm asking this generation of young parents to see Africans reporting on their own this simple gesture is an important political gesture everyone should have.
I have a land where all kinds of one's thoughts are not wanted until they are allowed.
I'm all African, I need to see this continent change.
Time and again the Waina expressed her enthusiasm for change through her writing, education, and leadership.
In 2002, after winning Caine's award for her home-discovering article, she used the prize money to work on Kwani?
A magazine that seeks to promote new voices and ideas emerging across the continent.
Why?
was published and has a web connecting journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read: We work to prevent explosions': The word to be spoken in East Africa
While Kenya’s uncompromising public status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status status
Waina was a controversial man who struggled under pressure and often fought heavily for fame gay seemed to be his intricate role in society as a man of the people.
She had fans but faced criticism from famous writer Shailja Patel, who accused the Ninevites of being a homosexual homosexual.
Twitter user Néo Músangi describes the shortcomings of the Inuit behavior in his Twitter message:
I'm not strong enough but crying out to Binya as my dear friend in my stranger and defense.
I am so sorry that he hurt others.
I regret that he made a mistake like a human.
He would hate us if we cleaned him up.
Author Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of the Writivism Festival in Uganda, also described this confusion on Facebook:
His life - style was a problem.
Good and let go of mistakes.
The people we hold for work and their ideas are simply people.
It is human.
Are we ever ready to love them in their complexity?
At present, much has been talked about him.
there is no need to repeat what was said.
His pain has been reminded.
This relieves the pain a person hears for his death.
There is only one variety of beanworms.
It is a builder for the moment.
Let us celebrate his life.
The genius of curiosity
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi tweets after sending a message of praise to the Ninevites on Facebook; hatred and homosexuality followed his message.
Waina was a curious person to be remembered:
I posted a brief message on Facebook about Binyavanga's death, #RIPBinyavanga was so negative and shameful I have never read.
Even thieves who rob us of taxes and kill people do not harbor such hatred.
The truth is, Binya was intelligent and curious and will continue to be read and remembered
Mother rights Ugandan journalist and journalist Rosebell Kagumire highlighted what she learned from the industriousness of the Ninevites:
Do not allow fear.
Do not exercise self - control.
Watch what is needed to be said.
Sign it up.
Live your truth and your heart.
Where you take your last breath will contain the millions of profound words you gave to Binyavanga
Through his life and letters, he gave himself and countless others the permission to imagine life as it could be otherwise, and his sudden passing inspired poetic musings:
I'll write about your beautiful hair someday
One day I'll write about your laughter
One day I will write about your being unruly
One day I'll write about your thinking ability
One day I will write about your refusal
Today I am writing thanks
Kenyan journalist and journalist Adhifo Owuor, a friend of the Ninevites, concludes with a final lament:
Who told you to leave?
get out of your body at night without leaving a new account?
The face is tilted, the eyes are burning, he said, You have only 3 seconds to correct the grumbling you there.
Who told you to leave?
From your body without leaving a new account?
To whom can one go out of fear and tremble as a test note?
Now he is among celebrities, and you can join the planet Binya with a long record of his work.
The front page of a newspaper de Angola about the Telstar's winning psalm.
by Dércio Tsandzana, 19 April 2019, and with permission
Angolan President João Lourenço on April 18 followed the government's proposal for a mobile - phone operator in the country, saying that the winner of Telstar failed to meet the criteria necessary to provide the service.
The decisions of the president can be divisive in the Angolan government.
Telstar was launched in January 2018 with its first 200,000 (about US$600), and its main stakeholders are Manuel João Carneiro (90 percent) and businessman António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent), a report from the Portuguese magazine Observador.
Based on Angola's online news, Manuel João Carneiro's victory was won by the late President Eduardo dos Santos.
The magazine Observador that 27 companies participated in the petition process was opened by the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
From the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed procedures that enacted new regulations for opening the invitation to the psalms.
After the first public outcome, many Angolans questioned the righteousness of the process.
Others went as far as saying that Telstar winner has never had a website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, editor and video director on Facebook:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was launched on January 26, 2018, and the first 200,000 head of the newspaper Diário da República, whose contributors are the general Manuel João Carneiro (90 percent) and António Cardoso Mateus (10 percent).
The main stakeholder has a relationship with Mundo Startel, a self-satisfying firm, registered INACOM, a telecommunications regulator with a license in the past.
a company that doesn't even have a website!
I NEVER BELIEVE THERE WERE OTHER ACTIVITIES
THIS COUNTRY IS AYUB
Meanwhile Joaquim Lunda, a journalist and frequent social media broadcaster, praised the President's actions and I even concluded that the prime minister ran away from the risk of being expelled for this failure:
It is a commendable gesture, a decision by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço, to cancel a government pledge that the Angolan Telstar has won the license to be a communications operator in Angola the licence for the fourth telecommunications operator in Angola.
There were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
No one comes to a company that was founded in 2018 and 200 thousand First Citizen, awarded a grain award.
I am absolutely sure that the days of the minister of communication and information technology are numbered.
Having succumbed to ANGOSAT 1, now and to what we are witnessing today, I worry as much as Fear will do.
Enjoy the game quietly!!
The presidential decision came after the same prime minister in 2017, satellite project Angosat I, is in trouble again.
Adrianoapiñala, deputy of the main opposition party, sees the problem in the government's sects:
JO [João Lourenço] should organize his team well because yesterday the incriminating minister was saying that the time of complaint was over and Telstar would continue the next step because it was the winner of a swindling psalm and today JLo emerges and cancels the psalms!
Is communication not good?
Now the minister should either take a stand for himself or JLo should expel him because if he has canceled the grapes it is because his process was not good and that it does not affect anyone clean people must be accountable!!
Blanka Nagy speaking in January 2019, protests.
Photo by Márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Kőműves for the Hungarian non-profit journal Atlatszo.
This edited copy is available here as part of his collaboration with Global Voices.
Supporters of the Hungarian government have launched a new attack on Blanka Nagy, a high school student who spoke against the government in a series of protests since the end of 2018.
He is enduring many criticisms against him and has also been sexually harassed by a news source calling him a prostitute.
He has already filed a defamation case and won a trial against the three pro-government agencies Lokàl, Repost and Origo, said he was failing in school.
After Nady won the case against Origo, however, the source again attacked him by publishing his school report.
N Atlatszo told them that he was thinking of prosecuting Origo again for their up - to - date information.
Blanka has become popular in Hungary last winter after giving a speech in anti-government protests, where she criticized well-known politicians, using harsh language.
His harsh words were shared by social media users through a video of his speech.
Two months after his video captured on social media, anti-government and scholarship agencies such as Zsolt Bayer launched a series of attacks on him.
The media said that she had failed most of her schooling and had also missed many days of schooling.
They also called him a nobleman and a prostitute.
His lawyer made a copy of his findings in court and showed that he was not failing in his studies as well as the copies of the findings were handed to Origo's lawyers.
The source decided to publish a report from Nagy's report on the outcome and said that he was about to fail history lessons last year as well as is in the failure document of other subjects as well.
When #Hungary is lying about younger daughter of protester Blanka Nagy, she has accused them of defamation and won.
They have been asked to apologize and adjust their statement but have refused and have continued to defame him.
TV2 set aside all media coverage to blaspheme the results, citing the copies taken to court but not saying what the verdict is https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019,
My attorney and I are thinking of prosecuting a news source that published a copy of my findings from school, Nagy told Atlatszo in an interview.
He said that Origo had no right to publish his results.
He and his attorneys think that Origo had no right even to see the consequences when they represented them in court.
And their recent accusations are not also true, Nady said.
My history lesson, different from what they said.
I have more than 2 (equivalent to grade C) good results.
What they say is a lie.
I would be ashamed because in my family there was a history teacher among my grandfathers, he finished speaking.
I think all these insults against me are something very strange but I don't panic anymore.
It shows somehow how I am threatening some of the top authorities of the ruling Fidesz party.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer's own attack on me and the media that support the government's spreading false information against me confirms this, he added.
High school student Blanka: Fidesz cuddles, squeezes, bad and disastrous.
This wicked group of robbers, this government of the minority, are filling their pockets for their old life while you are suffering poverty as retirees.
He was right.
THIS is Hungary.
Propaganda and false reporting are the only weapons in the Hungarian government.
Some opposition authorities have responded by accusing the media of defamation.
According to the latest data compiled by Atlatszo, the main sources of propaganda have failed many cases, and they were ordered by the courts to correct information 109 times in 2018.
They can’t put their thoughts on our heads they’re shooting us #SOSNicaragua So reads a protester’s poster during protests for political prisoners in Managua.
August, 2018.
Photo: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since the massive protests against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned the protests, arrested thousands without filing charges and closed together main sources and media alternatives.
Attempts to negotiate have continued, for now Nicaragua’s destiny remains a difficult question.
The protests began with a protest against changes in the policy of social security pockets that would raise income tax rates while cutting back interest.
The process initially opened the door to a nationwide protest calling on President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice President Rosario Murillo to resign.
The death toll from the protests is controversial and has not been updated since last year because sanctions against storage of information and memory have increased.
In December the government closed some NGOs that were closely following police violence and human rights violations with the Center for Human Rights of Nicaragua (Cenidh) and the Institute for the Advancement of Democracy (Ipade).
The two groups of the American Human Rights Commission (IACHR) Nicaragua Monitoring Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action Action
We are the victims: Copying Human Rights Violations in Nicaragua
The minimum number of casualties, identified by the government in August 2018, has soared to 197.
The Human Rights Watch, however, has promoted 322 deaths until September 18 2018, when most of the deaths were by shootings in the head, neck and chest.
Blogger Ana Siú wrote on Medium recently about her experience in the April 2018 protest:
I saw a college friend being attacked by a gang via Instagram Mubashara.
I heard him screaming and fighting to avoid injury. Finally, the man who attacked him on a motorcycle left him but took his phone.
He did not know that he still seemed to be a businessman.
Then he said, let's go!
We should get these calls checked.
The event lasted 20 minutes.
He also highlighted the May 30 protest, a historic protest called on the date Nicaragua celebrates Mother's Day in which 15 people were killed.
That day we changed our attitude toward the protest.
Some of us at the protest saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time that police have attacked massive protests such as those with fire bullets.
I have never been so close to death.
When students at universities in Managua's capital blocked one another on their own, rural workers blocked roads in rural areas.
In June the Masaya protesters declared the Eastern city an independent power from dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who set up defenses and responded to police attacks.
Protesters became increasingly involved in violence and fighting and by August 2018 had killed 22 police officers, according to government statistics.
In mid- 2018, the police launched what they called operación limpieza (Operation to clean) to destroy the barricades and prosecute suspects suspected of involvement with them.
Reports say security forces did so in collaboration with militant groups.
Many farm leaders, rights leaders, and journalists were targeted for the deadly campaign, and many of them have been prosecuted.
And some health workers who cared for the wounded during the protests have been disturbed by what they did.
The Nicaraguan Medical Association has stated that at least 240 doctors were fired from public hospitals as a means of removing them.
Nicaraguan protesters and journalists face violent attacks on the streets and online.
In September the protests were declared illegal, and any activity in the streets currently requires special permission from the authorities, where they are often denied.
On February 27, 2019, a dialogue table was resumed between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la Justicia y la Democracia (Union of Rights and Democracy for Citizens), followed by the release of hundreds of people from prison.
Compared with a previous session, this session did not include the leaders of the agricultural and student movement, because some are in prison, and others are in exile.
Not only the new president a new beginning
With the country’s struggle entering the second year now, Ugandans and worries about Nicaragua’s tomorrow are carried with the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which is released daily with allegations, photos of the victims and cries about students in prison and their families.
Nicaraguan Diaspora activists carry the burden twice
A source in Nicaragua, Niú interviewed protesters who led the February rally in neighboring regions and Costa Rica and explained the hardship of life in exile.
Alejandro Doné, a student who said he fled the country after taking part in a peaceful protest, told Niú how difficult it is to feel a part of society and a normal life, after spending a long time living in hiding, running and protesting.
Madelaine Caracas, a spokesman for a student group known as Student Cooperation for Democracy, also shared Niú's thirst for a change in Nicaragua that will be more than Ortega leaving:
[We want to eliminate dictatorships, gender oppression, selfishness and other weaknesses that have crept into the country's political culture.
We are more confident that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure that Ortega is not heard in the international and economic spheres as well as that all those who participated in the April protests are now fully prepared.
This final rally of the discussion between the State and the opposition ended on April 3, with an agreement on two of the four topics discussed.
First the government promises to free all political prisoners and second the respect for civil freedom.
No agreement has been made on the rights of victims of electoral violence or specialization for the 2021 elections.
The opposition group Civil Coalition said that the government has failed to respect the agreement, however.
Police have continued to disrupt peaceful protests.
As was the case on April 6, only 50 of the 600 political prisoners were released, and placed in detention in their homes.
Later, on April 17, following a new threat of U.S. sanctions, more than 600 prisoners were released and went to end their sentences in domestic sanctions, yet according to the Civil Union, only 18 members of the group were on the list of political prisoners who had the hope of being released.
In the thinking of such people as activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new leader of Nicaragua's Tomorrow remains in prison today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for protests to commemorate the events of April 2018.
With restrictions from the authorities and a ban on approval of the protests, there will also be new police repression.