Photo by President Muhammadu Buhari of the Federal Republic of Nigeria by Wikimedia Commons, May 29, 2015, (CC BY-SA 4.0).
The Nigerian government announced on Friday that it will shut down Twitter in the country, days after it deleted a dangerous tweet by Nigerian President Muhammadu Buhari claiming that the government would force the Igbo tribe.
Despite the removal of the tweet, the message went viral on social media, reminding us of the pain of the civil war that lost the lives of more than one million people.
But the tweet sparked a movement on social media to stand up with Igbo Nigerians.
In a series of tweets published on June 1, 2021, Buhari threatened to address Nigerians from the east using their own languages, referring to the Nigerian civil war between 1967-1970 against the independent movement of the Biafra Republic, in the south-east of Nigeria.
The tweet was written after a series of attacks against the government and security agencies in the region, which is accused of having a military group associated with the Biafra Residents (IPOB), a movement of people who want the Biafra region to be separated.
The group has denied responsibility for the attacks, according to Voice of America.
Many of those who show disappointment today were less aware of the destruction and destruction of people's lives during the Nigerian Confederation of Independence, saying Buhari's tweet, which has now been deleted:
Image of Nigerian President Buhari's threat tweet
tweets responded to the comments made by Buhari who was apparently angry at the State House, the country's headquarters, Abuja, about the direction of the attacks on electoral officials.
I think we have given them enough space.
They have said what they want, but now they want to destroy the country, he said, appearing to talk about those people who want to separate themselves:
Buhari talks with his drinks
Buhari, a former general, was detained during the Nigerian civil war.
The war caused the deaths of more than a million Igbo tribes and residents of the Eastern Region, according to Chima J. Korieh, a professor of African history at the University of Marquette in the US.
For many Nigerians, the secession war in the province of Biafra, in general, is considered a tragic incident of separation, but for the Igbos who fought for secession, it seems to have changed the meaning of their lives, says Nigerian writer Adaobi Tricia Nwaubani.
(Please: A writer from Igbo tribe.)
The Twitter policy on hate behavior blocks tweets that await violence and threaten people in terms of race, tribe, ethnicity.
Such tweets, such as Buhari, are censored by the company or users themselves are forced to delete content that goes contrary to the policy.
Lai Mohammed, Nigerian Minister of Information, described the removal of the president's tweet by the social media company as a surprising incident:
Twitters Mission In Nigeria Is Suspicious, Says Lai Mohammed pic.twitter.com/6hbAKsnj VM
Threatening tweets still appear online
An investigation by a social media expert at the Digital Africa Research Lab (DigiAfricaLab) shows that Buhari's threat tweet is still seen on several accounts two days after it was cancelled by Twitter, a trial of suspension by other users:
More than 30 hours after Twitter deleted Nigerian President @MBuhari's tweet for breach of the law, the tweet deleted by Bado is HASING on many online accounts for deletion!
By accessing different accounts via different devices, DigiAfricaLab saw more than 17,000 tweets taken by users before the social media company searched for the tweets from @MBuhari and @NGRPresident accounts, both verified Twitter accounts used by President Buhari.
Additionally, DigiAfricaLab was able to hide and tweet President Buhari's impeached tweet.
Uncovered tweets may remain visible to Twitter users because Twitter tools (API) depend on other networks that link to the work of Twitter data via URL.
Another reason, according to New York Times' J. D. Biersdorfer, is that deleted tweets may be still available in search results until the site is completed with a new copy of the tweets on the main page of the account.
Reactions to the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
President Buhari's threat tweet sparked an intense discussion from Nigerians tweeting, which took the headline with the hashtag #IAmIgboToo to express their sadness.
Also, Nigerian Twitter users from ethnic groups also used Igbo-language names to stand up with Igbo tribes.
An analysis conducted on June 4, 2021 by Global Voices using brand Mentions showed that within seven days, the hashtag #IAmIgboToo was registered 508 times, used 319,200 times, reached 457,500, and shared 313,100 times on Twitter and Instagram.
Image of the words mentioned under the hashtag #IAmIgboToo
Human Rights activist Aisha Yesufu, using the name of the Igbos Somtochukwu, referred to blasphemy and condemned how President Buhaari threatened the Igbo people saying the attack on the Igbos was an attack on me:
My name is Aisha Somtochukwu Yesufu.
Any threat to the Igbos is for me.
To attack the Igbos is to attack me.
I condemn the 1967 threats from President Buhari to the Igbo people
No Nigerian is more than any Nigerian
Fake music artist and music producer Jude Abaga (M.I Abaga) expressed his enthusiasm for the country to continue with these hateful statements:
The explanation that Nigeria takes the Igbos is humorous and leaves that unchanged view
# KomeshaSars activist Rinuola [Rinuola] Oduala, using the name Kigbo Ochiaga, referring to the military leader, proudly recalled the important contribution of Igbos women to Nigeria's history, referring to the Aba Women's Revolution in November 1929:
I remember the Aba Women’s Revolution where at least 25,000 women protested against colonial violence.
I come from the same region with women of the same category, born with courage & tolerance against many years of violence and injustice.
My name is Independent Rinu Oduala #I am Igbo
Blossom Ozurumba, an Igbo translator for Global Voices noted that threats started with human dignity:
If humanity is destroyed, it is easy to eradicate moral concerns about killing, discrimination or torture of others just because of ethnic identity.
If they don't seem human, it's easy to justify violence against them.
Attracting humanity, according to Ozurumba, makes it easier to eliminate moral concerns about murder, discrimination, or torture of people just because of their ethnicity.
Photo by makeitkenya, CC PDM 1.0
On March 27, a strong discussion broke out on Kenyan social media about the comments made on air by three radio broadcasters during the morning Breakfast Show.
The broadcasters were discussing the ongoing court case involving Eunice Wangari, a woman who was dragged out of a 12-story building by a man who was in touch with him.
On Twitter, angry Kenyans praised broadcasters Shaffie Weru, Joseph Munoru, and Neville Muysa for their comments on the alleged sexual harassment case, and called the broadcasters victims-criminals.
Shaffie insists that she was dragged out of the 12th floor of the building in Nairobi after saying no to the man was because she left too long and was free so put herself in such a situation.
What anger!
The case has divided netizens as some of them agree with the broadcasters.
Although the three were discharged by the radio station, it revealed how violence in Kenya has grown to women.
There are 21.75 million netizens in Kenya, or 40% of the country's population according to a data reportal survey conducted in 2021.
Nearly 11 million people are social media users, a 2.2 percent increase compared to 2020.
According to another report by the International System of Telecommunications (GSMA), the number of mobile phone owners in Kenya is almost the same for women and men with a five percent difference for men who own or have access to the telecommunications compared to women, of three Kenyan netizens, one of whom is female.
As a minority in the country, women in Kenya are often targeting cyberbullying.
And although in 2018 a law against cyberbullying was passed in the country that describes behavior as sharing with others in a way that could cause concerns or fear of their violence or the destruction or destruction of their property with a sentence of up to 10 years in prison, most of the cyberbullying are still overwhelming.
Below are two other prominent events that emerged 12 years ago that social media has been used as a platform for violence against women in Kenya.
COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COVID-19 COV
In March 2020, Brenda Iyv Cherotich raised Kenya's first COVID-19 disease.
After recovering, she came and described her journey as the world became aware of this new Russian.
But Cherotich did not receive him as disappointed as expected.
After attending a press briefing in April 2020, she was subjected to abuse and cyberbullying from Kenyan On Twitter (known as #KOT a word commonly used to describe Kenyan twitter users who participate in active or active discussions on the web) who sought to harass and ask the truth about her story.
Other cyberbullyers intercepted his personal life, his personal conversation and photos were widely circulated online, after being captured by his friend or close man.
Her hair looks like the coronavirus itself
After this disappointment, Kenyan health minister Mutahi Kagwe appeared to defend Brenda, calling for the arrest of the terrorists and describing them as a shameful attempt by the government in the fight against COVID-19.
Health Minister Mutahi Kagwe telling police to punish social media users for insulting Brenda
And that was not the end, another victim recently fell on the #KOT attack: TV broadcaster Vyonne Okwara was targeted after defending Brenda and supporting the minister's petition on cyberbullying.
I totally do not agree with Yvonne Okwara.
Your information is useless.
It is humorous and rising to the heavens.
Where was your voice when your fellow women pulled out the naked MWANAUME (Lonyangapuo) and shared her naked photos?
This is a crime
Okwara criticized the violence for targeting women.
He said that Brian Orinda, the three victims of COVID-19, when he was on his trip to recover with Brenda, did not get the same response.
This sparked the flames of terrorists who had their day on Twitter attacking Okwara.
Using a sex card all the time.
Women should protect their dignity first.
Taking such photos and participating is also a lack of morality.
The bad and foolish situation from Okwara.
So little, it's surprising if the coronavirus was eating a mango.
The sex of men was just online.
He suddenly got creative by choosing over that.
At the beginning of the year, Presidential Speaker Kanze Dena was also affected by physical abuse in Kenya.
When he arrived at a press conference on Sunday, cyberbullyers harassed his body because of his weight.
Soon there was a discussion on social media, and some Kenyans and other media outlets defended Dena.
He is so gentle, long, short!
Who set the standards for women's appearance?
Why is it our problem that @KanzeDena is more serious?
Indeed, she is a new mother, but she doesn't deny anyone!
RIP please!
This is a new ground we must recall
The Elephant, one of Kenya's biggest digital publications, noted that social media sectors in Kenya and the world have turned to borders of violence and violence.
There is no doubt that social media has become an important tool for social and professional development, especially for women.
Many women have built their on the market and, in the process, have learnt to connect with others.
Many find customers to buy and sell their products online.
Others find platforms to empower opinions, leading to hundreds if not millions of social that are not only inciting economic growth but also directly empowering male and female minorities.
They have also learnt how to improve their online entrepreneurship skills.
Of course, social media has emerged as a good place to do business.
This is important for the economic empowerment and awareness of women.
Source, The Elephant.
It seems that for women to engage in meaningful online conversations on topics that directly affect their lives, the Internet must be a safer place than it is now.
Rainy flag.
Photo by Marco Verch on Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The Caribbean, one after the other, has been advocating for its legal books to reflect on more equality for the same-sex people by removing the anti-colonial sections that barred interference.
In 2016, it started in Belize.
Two years later, Trinidad and Tobago followed, although it did not translate into legislation.
Three years after the court declared the law unconstitutional, Trinadad and Tobago seem to be on the way to amend the EOA rules relating to homosexuality.
The law seeks to curb certain forms of discrimination and promote equality of opportunities among people in different circumstances.
For that purpose, the Commission of Foreign Affairs and the High Court were formed to address the issues but so far, the agencies have failed to address the issue of discrimination against homosexuality.
The existing laws address gender discrimination, race, tribe, race, religion, marriage status, or disability in terms of employment, education, education, etc.
The pressure to amend the current law increased after the Scotiabank Bank of Trinidad and Tobago announced on April 14 that it would extend healthcare to the same-sex employer's couples, the same for the same-sex employer's couples.
The announcement sparked intense discussions in the country and was extended by the American Chamber of Commerce (AMCHAM) and Ian Roach, chairman of the Commission for Health, quoted in a discussion with the Trinidad and Tobago Newsday saying:
It is a good move for the private sector and especially for the banks, which have a variety of employers.
It is important that some took this, despite what the law stipulates.
Attorney-General Faris Al-Rawi said he is delighted by Scotiabank's move to protect the rights of the people and that the door is open to do what is needed to eradicate the various forms of discrimination in the country.
Al-Rawi's stance seems to have changed in line with his stance after the 2018 Supreme Court verdict; just after an unconstitutional decision was made, the government announced its intention to appeal.
While Trinidad and Tobago have made significant progress in eliminating various forms of discrimination, but when it comes to homosexuality in the country, the fear of homosexuality has not changed much.
Looking at the reaction of the public to Scotiabank's announcement on social media platforms as Facebook the opposition was widespread.
Meanwhile, homosexuals continue not only to deal with discrimination, but also violent acts, mostly ending with loss of lives.
In a recent incident, the death of Marcus Anthony Singh, a member of the gays party in the area he lives, sparked a heated discussion online about the difficult circumstances gays face especially their safety and discriminatory actions.
Many of the conversations have been conducted through Twitter Spaces, a voice conversation platform that allows free discussions and education.
While Attorney-General Al Rawi did not give the formal time for the amendment to the law, to homosexuals and their partners, the hope remains that maybe the measures taken by private companies such as Scotiabank Bank will soon be taken by the government, and eventually bring about a change in the form of society as a whole.
Duval, a French engineer and founder of Gaël Institute.
Photo used with permission.
For Internet and technology companies, collecting information from Internet users has become their main source of income.
However, this way of receiving revenue poses users at risk as indicated in cases of regular access to commercial information, high flow of information and fraud.
Is there an effective way to improve the privacy rights of Internet users?
Companies like Google and Apple have invested in collecting their customers’ data daily, especially via mobile phones, and a combination of regular applications such as calendar and agenda.
Several uses have been monitoring the real location of the person, and on the other hand, the use of health and sports is focused on collecting data on customer expectations.
It is believed that this information is gathered and confused to inform and give the user what he needs immediately.
However, the fact is that Internet users and technology users are not aware that they provide their information free and free.
Online privacy policy activists such as an Austria citizen, Max Schrems, have expressed his feelings about the internet companies' regulations and the use of technology to make income through their customers' information.
He highlights the risks of repeated abuses and violations of the privacy rights law.
One of these incidents may have been well explained through a Facebook scandal known as the Cambridge Analytica case where Cambridge Analytica’s private consultative organization collected personal data of 87 million Facebook users without their permission to support Ted Cruz and Donald Trump’s presidential candidates in early 2016.
Schrems says he warned Facebook representatives about the incidents of collecting data of their customers by Cambridge Analytica, but did not convince them to take action:
Facebook officials said in their opinion, when you use a owned platform you would have allowed them to use their devices [on mobile phones and other devices] to gather user information.
However, why do you wonder about online privacy when there's nothing to hide?
Activist Edward Snowden had the answer to this question in the 2015 Reddit discussion:
Thinking that you are worried about your right to privacy online because you have nothing to hide is the same as thinking that you are worried about your right to express yourself because you have nothing to say.
The real impact comes from the use of information technology platforms
French computer engineer and data expert Gaël Duval has been involved for a long time in the creation of computer applications including the use of Linux Mandrake which is a military system (in line with Linux) that everyone has the right to improve and then use by others.
Duval decided to create a military system that helps to provide security for the data of mobile users: /e/OS.
Global Voices spoke to him to know how information technology affects people's lives, opportunities and their consequences.
Here is his views on the development of this information technology:
This is a philosophical question.
I personally have mixed feelings especially about information technology because I always have a lot of knowledge about technology.
However, there are times I feel frustrated, I remember those times when you need to call, going to a dedicated place.
Of course that was the best and fastest life.
Young people might be surprised that, until I was five, there was no phone or television at home.
Sometimes I think I lived a completely different world, and that is not at all.
On the other hand, it is very interesting when we try to imagine what we can do with the presence of modern technologies, such as communicating to someone from a completely different part of the world through high-quality videos as well as seeing un Petroleum electric cars filling our legs with dangerous smoke.
For those who remember, apart from the centuries of the analogy, we are now facing a huge danger of reliance on information technology.
A 2018 study involving children's medical problems and surgical phones, noted that the overwhelming use of mobile phones leads to a number of problems including the ADD and the sonon.
A study published in 2020 by Common Sense Media found that 50% of young people in the state of Los Angeles said they would not be able to stay without using their cell phones.
The effects of the use of these technologies have recently been highlighted by reliable sources in a Netflix post by The Social Dilemma, which describes the testimony of former staff of a big company including Google, Twitter and Facebook who describe how they were putting the environment to influence users to build a revenue-based connectivity.
Some governments have tried to address this problem by improving the law to raise consumer awareness and increase accountability for the companies.
In 2018, the European Union (EU) passed the Mother Law on Information Security (GDPR).
The law has added a number of demands regarding the processing of information including uncertainty with the user’s permission regarding his information and an appeal to the relevant companies to delete the information after a three-year period without delay.
The law has also provided great compensation for those who do not comply with these principles.
However, its implementation is faced with lack of discipline in the authorities, and this law only concerns the EU member nations.
Leak to empower users of information technology
With the current situation, Duval was determined to develop a tool that will enable people to take responsibility to protect their own information, as she explains:
Our point is that your information is your, because our information is our property, and for those who think it should not be so, they don't want freedom and peace, or own a broadcast business - because personal information can help to sell advertisements at higher prices.
This is how the military system he created works:
/e/ is a digital phones system that does not provide any information [to Google] such as analysis, location and privacy.
The system does not in any way disregard the user’s personal information.
It also offers basic online services such as email, storage, calendar, storage of all related to the mobile system.
Duval says that, when it comes to personal data, Google and Apple have similar objectives breaking Google’s commercial system, which depends on between 8 to 12 billion per year to install Google’s IPhones and iPads.
Duval added:
Using the iPhone, the user sends an average of MB 6 of his information to Google, a day.
It is twice the amount sent by Android users.
Besides that, Apple's external system is shut down, with a total lack of transparency.
They just have to believe them.
We, on our part, allow to change our privacy policy: all the /e/OS systems and online storage tools (which are used in the creation of this system) are free of charge.
This system can be questioned and selected by experts.
In the context of the widespread use of mobile phones, it is clear that the only law is not enough in building awareness and providing users with the right tools and knowledge to protect their data and here is the importance of digital tools that help users be more accountable
Information and awareness are important in the prevention of UVIKO-19.
Photo shows Kenyan health workers informing the public about the UVIKO-19 infections.
Photo: Victoria Nthenge and Trocaire licensed CC BY 2.0
The beginning of the release of the UVIKO-19 vaccine in Kenya has been plagued by corruption, preferences and corruption charges that have left many poor and elderly citizens waiting on long lines outside public hospitals as the country is facing a third outbreak of HIVIKO-19 infections and deaths.
Meanwhile, hundreds of Kenyans are paying up to $100 to be named early, as described in several Kenyan online accounts as well as Kenyan and international media.
Earlier in March, Kenya purchased more than 1 million doses of Oxford-AstraZeneca through the global UVIKO-19 vaccine access programme, regulated by the World Health Organization (WHO) through the process called COVAX.
The receiving of the vaccines launched a campaign to offer free vaccines to public and private hospitals.
The release of the drugs was divided into three stages: health workers and security and immigration officers, citizens over the age of 58 and adults with various health challenges, and other citizens living in dangerous circumstances like those living in informal settlements.
The country is expected to receive 24 million doses through COVAX.
According to The Washington Post, Kenya aims to raise its 50 awards by June 2022 in collaboration with COVAX and international aid.
In a press release, UNICEF Representative in Kenya Maniza Zaman congratulated the arrival of the first vaccine in Kenya.
Following the arrival of the vaccines, UNICEF and its allies are congratulating COVAX's promise to ensure that people from economically incompetent countries are not left behind in this international plan to save lives by the vaccine, he said.
However, the third phenomenon was disrupted after the operation started due to the last minute decision to accelerate the second phase of the phenomenon as a way of dealing with the third wave of infection, conflicting political interests, and government failure to communicate and inform the public.
In an article questioning what is happening on the UVIKO-19 vaccine program in Kenya, Patrick Gathara, a Kenyan journalist and a highly awards political cartoonist said:
In a loud and personal voice, politicians argued that they should be given priority to raise the public's confidence, although the Ministry of Health had already the absence of massive opposition to the vaccine.
Since the government has ignored the sanctions to explain its plans to the public, there was a lot of controversy about where and when people are expected to stand on the line.
Despite the government's instructions to prioritise citizens over the age of 58, Kenyan media that businessmen and non-politics of this age have been receiving unregular services, highlighting the widespread discrimination between the poor and the financial.
Meanwhile, dignified elderly and poor Kenyans, who don't have a network of people to help and don't have money, appear to come on the line all day from 11pm, and end up asking them to go back another day because the medicine is over, according to a report by The Washington Post.
They have another door to their friends, Mary Njoroge, 58, one of the teachers, told The Washngton Post.
Without someone to help you complete the whole process, what will you do?
A similar incident was at another government hospital by @_Sativa, a Nairobi-based Twitter user, who is also a Kenyan.
On the same Twitter page, she described what her predecessor met with nacho, a 60 year old former teacher.
While the elders were waiting for the star, the nurse called names and the youth came forward and started getting the vaccine.
When her singer asked what was going on, the nurse gave her a phone number that she could use money, she said on Twitter at the same time.
Following reports of increased public enthusiasm for the vaccine campaign, Kenya's Minister of Health, Mutahi Kagwe told the media:
I think we've come to a place where we've created an awareness that anyone can go to a vaccine station and get care.
I want to put this point out well, those who offer the vaccine will provide an account of every drug they use and that the drugs used must be complied with the person who deserves the service.
President of the Kenya National Association of Nurses Alfred Obengo appealed to Kenyans not on the top list to avoid staying on the line of the vaccine.
explaining how the Kenyan government could avoid the controversy in implementing the plan, Gathara concludes his post by saying:
We would have avoided this requirement as the Kenyan government and its global allies, including the World Health Organization and western governments, would work with Kenya as the backbone of this programme and not a violent and drinking colony.
Sadly for Kenyans, their colonial country does not know any other way to do it.
In December last year, the world went to Argentina where abortions were officially allowed in the country.
But how much are girls and women being forced to become parents elsewhere in the world?
Watch or listen to this episode of Global Voices Insights (which exploded on 7 April), where our South American editor Melissa Vita talks about reproductive rights with the following experts and activists:
Debora Diniz (Brazil): a cultural student who runs research projects in biological ethics, women's rights, human rights and health.
She teaches Brazilian University, but also studies at Brown University, and is a reproductive rights activist.
His documentary on abortion, equality in marriage, government division and religious matters and research on cell world have received several national and international awards and have been presented at various competitions.
Joy Asasira (Uganda): a prominent advocate for reproductive Health in Africa, Human Rights, and gender issues and a global advocate, activist, and activist.
Joy was awarded by the Uganda Association of Lawyers (ULS) of the Best Women’s Lawyer for Human Rights in 2018/2019 and recognised as the leading female leader in World Health at the Women’s Leaders’ World Summit at Stanford University in 2017.
Emilie Palamy Pradichit (Thailand): founder and director of Manushya Foundation, founded in 2017 (Manushya is the Sanskrit word for Man), with the aim of promoting the power of local communities, especially women human rights advocates, so that they can fight for their rights, equality and social rights.
Emilie is an international human rights lawyer who defends the rights of marginalized communities.
R Umaima Ahmed (Pakistan): independent journalist.
He was originally Assistant Editor for The News on Sunday and The Nation.
R Umaima has over 10 years of online content and newspaper experience.
She focuses on digital security, women and animal rights.
He is also a Global Voices author.
Dominika Lasota (Poland): a 19-year-old human rights activist who is also part of the Fridays For Future and Women's Strike.
A telecom finance agency waiting for customers in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania.
Under the 2020 content regulations, freedom of expression is subjected to heavy fees by the authorities to remove unreliable content.
Photo by Fiona Graham/WorldRemit on Flickr, CC BY SA 2.0.
This post is part of UPROAR, a small media project calling on the government to address the digital rights challenges in the Universal Periodic Review (UPR).
At the beginning of March, when Tanzanians started questioning the health and location of President John Magufuli, many citizens used social media to ask questions and express their concern.
In response to the questions, the government threatened to arrest anyone who used social media to spread fake information about the president.
Authorities have referred to Tanzania’s Cybercrime Act 2015 and the Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations (EPOCA) signed in 2020 to describe the possibility of arresting and detaining those breaking the law.
This was a continuation of government's actions, which have repeatedly used cybercrime laws and online content principles to regulate and violate digital rights and freedom of expression in Tanzania.
On March 17, former Vice President Samia Suluhu Hassan announced on national television that John Magufuli has died.
A few days later, Hassan was sworn in as Tanzania's sixth president.
So far, at least four people have been arrested across the country for spreading false rumors about health and where Magufuli is.
Many are now wondering if Tanzania will renew its online content regulations after Magufuli's regime, or if these laws will remain in force until 2025 the remaining Magufuli period will be implemented by President Samia Hassan.
Earlier in March, Innocent Bashungwa, Minister of Information, Culture, Arts and Sports of Tanzania, cautioned the media not to spread rumors about Magufuli's residence, who has been missing since February 27.
Additionally, the Minister of Justice and Constitution, Mwigulu Nchemba, also threatened netizens to be sentenced to prison through his Twitter account for spreading ridiculous rumors, referring to Section 89 of the Criminal Code and Section 16 of the Cybercrime Act.
Police Chief Ramadhani Kingai expressed his intention to find a Twitter account called Kigogo, which has for a long time sparked the government's misunderstanding.
Human rights activists have condemned government officials' actions and the fear created by these regulations as well as threats related to their implementation.
Online content regulations: Implementation of digital rights
For more than a decade, Tanzania has a strong networking and massive communication and technology development.
Despite these developments, the government has been setting up regulatory conditions for companies and negotiating platforms and therefore the independent media fails to expose itself in terms of the type of opinions published in the form of its representation.
The Internet has created a new online platform for young Tanzanian bloggers and social media activists to spread their voices, but the government seems not to agree with this new fact.
In 2010, Tanzania published the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, which was the same in the country.
As of 2018, specific regulations regulating online content were adopted through the Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations (online content) 2018.
The government argued that these regulations were aimed at monitoring the use of social media, in particular, in the fight against the issue of hatred and fraud online.
However, these regulations were not only used against mainstream media but also against single bloggers and content service providers, who were surprised by a new legal fine of paying $900 US$ for a license.
The census also applied to anyone who organizes and broadcasts TV or online radio broadcasts.
A huge darkness broke out on social media following this sudden tax tax in which many bloggers and content producers decided to resign because of the high cost.
Opposition politicians and social media users criticized the regulations for violating the freedom of social media and civil society organisations.
In 2020, Tanzania issued a new amendment to the online content regulations, under Section 103 of the Electronic and Postal Communications Act, 2020, and came into effect in July 2020, announcing it through Ad No 538 in the Government Gazette.
Some of the biggest differences between the 2018 and 2020 edition of the Online Content Regulations (EPOCA) are the following:
First, the Tanzania Communications Authority (TCRA) reconstructed tax groups and added small groups under online content: information & information, entertainment and education or religion, and continued to prevent individuals from providing content.
The 2020 Online Content Regulation, Section VI, Section 116:
Any person who provides online services without a proper license, commits an offence and is punished with a fine of at least 6 million Tanzanian shillings (USD 2,587) or a prison sentence of at least 12 months or all.
Secondly, TCRA added a list of unreliable content and included, among other things, content that encourages censorship of people's phones, censorship of communications, data stolen, censorship of communications, recording and intercepting communications or conversations without permission.
Third, the Online Content Regulations (EPOCA 2020) has also reduced the period when a licensed person can act against the content regulations by suspending or deleting an account.
Under the 2018 regulations, the licensed person had 12 hours to do so.
But in the 2020 regulations, under Section III, Section 11, the time to deal with any violation of the content was reduced to 2 hours.
The failure to comply with this time gives the authority permission to intervene, either by blocking or removing the account.
Global Voices spoke to some legal and human rights experts who criticized the amendments to the 2020 content rules, saying they violate digital rights and civil society's rights.
They said these regulations violate digital rights and prevent bloggers and journalists from possessing online content.
The biggest problem here is that no warnings have been made to prevent this authority from abuse, and in the current situation, it has an impact on freedom of expression in Tanzania, said one of the human rights experts who asked him not to know.
After Magufuli: a future for digital rights in Tanzania
Under Magufuli's regime, civil society, media and digital rights have been spreading rapidly following a step by step extension of online freedom of speech.
After Magufuli's sudden death, many are now wondering about the future of digital rights in the country after six years of leadership continued to show signs of chaos.
Global Voices spoke to some government officials under the nominees warrant about the new regulations and the status of human rights and online freedom of expression.
One Tanzanian animal rights expert told Global Voices, under the pretext of not being recognised:
These principles are unfair because anyone can be convicted, because not many citizens understand the interpretation of these principles.
Another thought that the government was treating social media as a disappointment.
He warned citizens to be cautious when speaking on public platforms because the government has the legal authority to access all their information through the platform owners.
The 2020 Online Content Regulations makes it impossible for an unidentified person to be online, under the 9(e) Regulation, Internet coffee service providers are required to register using identified IDs, provide only an IP address for each PC and block security cameras to record all activities in their workplaces, according to this analysis by the Tanzania News Council.
These guidelines contribute to crimes that violate public dignity, restrict the right to disclosure, punish the violation of these guidelines and give the TCRA and other relevant agencies extensive authority to delete content.
The Online Content Regulations (EPOCA) are contrary to international standards of digital rights.
In general, these regulations violate freedom of speech and press freedom in Tanzania.
However, the Tanzanian government is responsible for respecting and safeguarding the right of the people to express themselves and to gather including journalists, members of civil society, and opposition politicians, in accordance with the Tanzanian constitution and international agreements and those of local communities.
These rights are important to promote the right to vote.
Tanzania is on the foundation of digital rights.
Under recent President Hassan, the question of whether will the Revolutionary Party continue to restrict and violate the digital rights in the country?
Editor's document: The author of this post asked him to know his name for security reasons.
carrying Tanzania forward was not as simple as possible, when President John Magufuli came to power in 2015.
His slogan was Only Work Here, seen in a green and white colour, the colours of Tanzania's ruling party, the Movement of the Revolution, headed by Magufuli.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
Thousands of people gather at sports stadiums, airports and on the roadside, in various parts of Tanzania, where the dead body of President John Magufuli was transported from Dar es Salaam to enable citizens to pray in honour for a week in Yanga, the headquarters of the government, Zanzibar Islands, Mwanza and Chato, his home, on the border of Lake Victoria, where he will be baptized.
Magufuli was announced dead at the age of 61, on March 17, in a speech by former Vice President, Samia Suluhu Hassan, broadcast on the national television channel, an announcement that ended a couple of weeks of rumors about the president's health status and where he was.
He allegedly died of a heart attack:
Report on the death of the President of the United Republic of Tanzania.
Magufuli's sudden death, however, has left Tanzanians, and others, undermining the political and administrative determination of the East African country.
On Friday, Hassan was sworn in as Tanzania's sixth president, writing the history of being Tanzania's first female president, Tanzania's second president born on the Tanzanian island of Zanzibar, and Tanzania's first Muslim woman to take the country's highest servant position.
Under Tanzania's constitution, Hassan will serve the remaining five years of Magufuli's presidency until 2025.
In this short video, widely circulating on social media, Hassan ignores any doubts about his ability to lead as a woman:
For those who have doubts that this woman will be the president of the United Republic of Tanzania I would like to tell them that the president who stands here is the president.
I would like to repeat that the president who stood here is the president of the United Republic of Tanzania, with a female prejudice.
While Tanzanians were mourning Magufuli and reflecting on this sudden change, many seem optimistic about Hassan.
Opposition politician Zitto Kabwe, the leader of ACT Parliament, is hopeful of Hassani's history in his movement and work as a member of civil society.
A beautiful story of President @SuluhuSamia in 20 minutes inspired by himself.
He says he was an activist.
He was a civil society man.
Thanks to Camp for seeing this.
It's not enough to listen.
While Hassan is better known as a reconciliation lover, calling for unity and peace during this transitional period, Magufuli is known as bulidoza, the name he received as the Minister of Construction to recognize his efficiency in ensuring the construction of roads.
Remember Magufuli
The disaster remembers the late John Magufuli, the fifth president of Tanzania, who died on March 17, 2021.
May God bless our Father/we will remember our hero forever
Many Tanzanians and Africans in general remember Magufuli on social media badly and pleasantly.
Magufuli's bad and beautiful things cannot be overcrowded with the same weight, and that means the memory he leaves behind is controversial but very meaningful.
Camps of Magufuli supporters and Magufuli supporters do not want to agree that the debate will continue for years.
Magufuli became popular in the early days of his presidency for his commitment to violently fighting corruption.
His efforts to establish major projects aimed at strengthening infrastructure and industrial development raised the hopes of many Tanzanians to rely on independence after decades of reliance on international aid.
In April last year, malaria, Magufuli rejected a $10 billion (USD) loan from China for the project of a popular port in Bagamoyo near the city of Dar es Salaam, saying it is the only milk that can comply with these terms.
This disaster calls for President Magufuli to go ahead of last year’s elections.
He reads: You're terrorist You're acting We're grateful.
It is depicted of Magufuli's achievements in road construction, buying of aircraft, bridges and modern railways.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission.
His anti-corruption stance also attracted the West, and the media originally wrote his stance from a positive perspective.
For some, Magufuli is remembered as a truly African son by an African advocate who promoted African interests.
Others remember him as a well-known president considering culture more than anything else:
I have been following Tanzania mourning John Magufuli.
We opposed his dictatorship and criticized him for his ignorance of science, but apparently, from the people standing on the road, he was popular.
Magufuli's regime was, however, weak and had a significant impact on human rights and freedom of expression.
For more than six years, Human Rights Watch, Amnesty International, the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Global Voices and others have been monitoring the spread of civil rights and human rights.
Tanzania dropped sixth in the Freedom of Expression rankings that assessed democracy and freedom between 2020 and 2021.
When the Parliament discussed the Political Parties Act in January 2019, the law, which was banned for further separation of political parties, was interpreted as a bad sign when it appeared inside the parliamentary building.
Magufuli's administration has repeatedly used laws such as the Electronic and Postal Communications Act (EPOCA), or the Cybercrime Act to restrict voice and free expression.
The amendments to various regulations in 2020 were meant to prevent citizens from spreading information that could lead to peace disruption or fraud and content that contains information about outbreaks or dangerous diseases without government confirmation through its top officials.
Citizens were unable to say anything about the quake that struck the coastal areas last month, apart from the news of the country's blast a few months later.
And during two weeks of rumors about Magufuli and his health in early March, at least four people were arrested for tweeting about the presidential disease.
Or died of the Covid-19 pandemic?
Magufuli is said to have died of a heart disease that he has been treated for 10 years.
But Magufuli's sudden death left many wondering if he was infected with the COVID-19 virus.
For many, especially in the West Magufuli will be remembered for denying the presence of the Covid-19 pandemic in his country.
As the disease comes to Tanzania, the government took caution and gave guidelines on how to combat and spread the disease, but later, Magufuli has repeatedly viewed the concerns of people to continue their activities as a major economic threat than the virus.
He often opposed international guidelines on health principles such as wearing barracks, avoiding consensus and vaccines urging citizens to rely on primaries and surgeries as alternative measures.
After Magufuli blocked the announcement of the Covid-19 infections last year in April, he emphasized that the Covid-19 pandemic had failed by prayer force.
Shortly later, he announced that Tanzania has no Covid-19 cases.
Although it is impossible to say how much the Covid-19 pandemic has affected Tanzania, what we know is that the Covid-19 pandemic has not gone.
When the new Covid-19 outbreak took place in January, many Tanzanians spoke about their testimony on social media saying that they also had a Covid-19 disease.
knowing that they could be arrested for discussing the Covid-19 pandemic, the debate went under the name of a new phenomenon with the challenges of abuse.
But Magufuli refuted his anti-cannabis stance in a speech he delivered at his home in Chato, on January 27:
If a white person could have a vaccine, he would have discovered a vaccine for AIDS; he would have discovered the source of the blood vessels; and now he would have known a vaccine for malaria; he would have found a vaccine for cancer.
This statement can be considered a reference to Magufuli's predecessor, President Jakaya Kikwete, who served as the world's ambassador for defence in early 2016.
Last month, Magufuli eventually acknowledged that his country has a coronavirus problem, urging Tanzanians to wear their own cartoons.
Analysts say Magufuli's move to change the perception about the coronavirus was attributed to the death of Zanzibar's Deputy Seif Sharif Hamad.
Several high-ranking officials from a prominent political class near Magufuli have died of the disease.
While many groups were gathering to pay their last honour to the president, his death has, on the other hand, brought some disappointment.
Shortly after Magufuli's death, journalist Elsie Eyakuze appeared on social media to speak publicly about life during the Covid-19 pandemic in Tanzania, when the president expressed deliberately neglecting the Covid-19 virus.
For a long time on Twitter, he said:
Now.
For the real story I have been at a loss to tell for too long.
#uzi.
In March 2020, the Covid-19 pandemic started to rise worldwide.
Tanzania was not left.
But in April 2020 we left any collective effort to control the spread of the disease in the country.
In his last tweet, he said:
Did he die of the Covid-19 pandemic?
Yes, undoubtedly.
This and that.
And them.
Tanzanians.
And elsewhere.
But not those who want to talk to them right?
They are not their own stories.
It's part of the story.
A friend is looking for.
Can you?
Can we make it between us?
Please do it again.
I will.
tomorrow.
In an open letter to Magufuli, Eyakuze explains a change in Magufuli's position, but uses a tactic to understand other sentiments, a tactic that seems to be defeating Magufuli himself once again and forgive him.
Tanzanians agree with the controversy and gravity of Magufuli's death and the memories he leaves behind while their eyes are closed.
Who has the power to decide what seems and what is not seen online?
This is the important question being asked by activist and writer Jillian C. York in his new book Silicon Values,* which is expected to open on March 23, 2021.
On Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00 GMT, Jillian will join Global Voices Managing Director Ivan Sigal for a video conversation about his book, which, as described in the discourse, is seeking to explore the history of how Silicon Valley’s largest telecommunications platforms created its unique system, a system that regulates how we can express ourselves online.
Jillian, the Director of International Freedom of Expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation, is a well-known member of Global Voices, where he struggles to write about digital freedom and freedom of expression in the Middle East context.
This episode is free and open to the public and is live on Facebook Live, YouTube, and Twitch.
We look forward to seeing you joining us on Wednesday, February 10 at 2:00 GMT (click here to check the time you are here”!
*Covering this book through this link will help to contribute to Global Voices.
A young man watching his cell phone in Tanzania, December 9, 2018.
Photo by Riaz Jahanpour, for USAID / Digital Communications for Development via Flickr, CC BY 2.0.
The first coronavirus virus in Tanzania in mid-March 2020.
However, after statistics continued to rise to 509 patients and 21 deaths at the end of April, the Tanzanian government announced that no one was infected with UVIKO-19 in June.
The same month, Kassim Majaliwa, the country's prime minister, told parliament that there were only 66 patients across the country, but did not provide any further explanation.
Since then, the government has been quiet about the Covid-19 pandemic with violent political statements denying the virus being released without any reports of patients or deaths.
Today, many activities are ongoing as usual, including the Tanzanian tourism sector, attracting thousands of foreigners to enter the country through unregulated airports.
Zanzibar airport got the lowest two-star score in the health and safety assessment conducted by Skytrax airport safety checkers against UVIKO-19, the only verification scale to confirm the measures taken by airport authorities to raise alert during the outbreak of the disease.
According to Skytrax's report, two newly infected South African virus were confirmed to travel to Denmark on January 19, from Tanzania.
The biggest anticipated annual music festival, Voice of Busara, will take place in mid-February on Zanzibar, led by the European Union in Tanzania and some European ambassadors in Tanzania, at a time when the country is facing the highest risk of a new kind of coronavirus spreading in the UK, South Africa, and Brazil.
On January 24, Arusha's Catholic State issued a warning letter to its believers against the presence of UVIKO-19 in Tanzania, urging its believers to follow all necessary health precautions to protect themselves and spread the virus to churches.
Although the memory shows Tanzania has less cases compared to other countries, the government's silence on UVIKO-19 statistics has raised concerns among health professionals and human rights activists, who have been banned from speaking and speaking UVIKO-19 on online platforms.
The country made amendments to the 2018 edition of the Electronic and Postal Communications Regulations (Online content in July, blocking content with information related to a dangerous or deadly outbreak of a disease in the country or elsewhere without the permission of the relevant authorities.
Although the initial measures to control the virus were taken, now schools, universities, offices, and other social activities have returned to normal conditions.
However, the virus is spreading in the country.
President John Magufuli has expressed concern about the quality of laboratory equipment and the credibility of his colleagues after a secret trial allegedly carried out with sperm and sperm to respond to the virus.
The president said the data was causing injustice and shortly after, he dismissed Nyambura Moremi, the director of the National Health Laboratory, for alleged dismissal of the results.
The UVIKO-19 management team created by the minister also ended in collapse.
In June, Magufuli thanked God for removing the virus from Tanzania, following a three-day national prayer.
He made the announcement public while at the Sunday worship, among the believers who were praying for him, claiming that God has responded to their prayers.
Magufuli praised the believers for not wearing bridges, as well as the World Health Organization's call to leave bridges to prevent the spread of the virus.
Magufuli, who was named a bulldozer for his intense anti-corruption stance, was elected for the second time in October 2020 in an election blamed for insulting the opposition.
Prior to the election, Tanzanians were surprised by the internet shutdowns where all major social media platforms including Instagram, WhatsApp and Twitter were blocked.
Until today, many Tanzanians cannot access Twitter without using a VPN.
For more than five years, Magufuli’s regime has violated democracy and civil society’s freedom as well as the restrictions on freedom of expression and the right to access information on digital platforms.
Following the government's strong stance to deny the presence of UV Boko-19, Tanzanians are not allowed to provide any UV Boko-19 data that the government does not approve, meaning ordinary citizens including journalists and health professionals are banned from commenting on UV Boko-19 on digital platforms or accessing relevant information.
The right to information on UVIKO-19 has become a preference for a particular class, according to a national hospital doctor who spoke to Global Voices under unknown terms, afraid of being discharged.
Unlike other countries with special teams working on the UVIKO-19, Tanzania has a website with a few recent and timely information about the UVIKO-19.
Declarations of rejecting the UVIKO-19 presence appear to be accepted by many Tanzanians, including health professionals, who ignore critical caution measures such as wearing bridges and avoiding conflicts.
Global Voices visited several hospitals including Muhwalo, a government appeal hospital in Dar es Salaam, the country's cultural capital, as well as Benjamin Mkapa Hospital in Yanga, a political capital, and witnessed a few precautions taken against the spread of the coronavirus virus.
People are allowed to go to the hospitals without wearing barracks, there are few cleaning facilities and hands with either waterless or broken ones, which have been witnessed, for instance, in the taxes of pregnant women.
While Magufuli's administration has not expressed concern about the effects of the virus on the daily lives of citizens, many ministers of his government and its departments agree that there is UVIKO-19.
Tanzanian Minister of Finance wants his ministry staff to take all the caution to protect themselves against the coronavirus, while saying Tanzania is not subjected to UVIKO-19.
Photo from Mwananchi newspaper.
For example, when Magufuli was published for the second time last year, government authorities took a lot of caution against UVIKO-19, forcing all the attendees to measure the body warmth and put their hands on a special place with water and rubble.
On January 25, Tanzanian Minister of Finance, Dr. Philip Mpango, called on his ministry officials to be cautious against UVIKO-19 and denounce the presence of the disease in Tanzania, during his rally in Yanga, at the political headquarters.
Many local experts are afraid to talk, afraid of action.
Global Voices spoke to one health worker who believed Tanzania could be facing the second wave of the blast but thought citizens were hidden.
The expert did not want to be named, afraid of action.
Another health expert told Global Voices under anonymous warning that people should be aware of the UVIKO-19 pandemic so that they can take caution to protect themselves and prevent the spread of the virus to their communities.
He said that leaving people in secret makes their job difficult but believed Tanzanians would try to protect themselves by taking all the cautions as advised by the World Health Organization (WHO).
He told Global Voices:
The politicians are putting up the whole UVIKO-19 issue and play a danger game, but when people are going to die they will begin to expel the health workers.
Another doctor who spoke to Global Voices under the pretext of not mentioning his name said that although there is hope for prevention, Tanzania's government's denial of the disease would restrict access, because the government did not take any measures to search for it in the world's markets, and instead threw it into malaria.
In December 2020, Health Minister's spokesman Gerald Chamii expressed suspicion of the world's vaccine, telling the East African magazine:
It took no more than six months to get a vaccine or treatment of any disease.
We have arrested ourselves since the blast began, I am not sure if it is wise to introduce it and spread it to the public without any medical attempt to prove its safety to our people.
Information is important for democracy and development.
Tanzanian cybercrime laws have been abused to silence voices by those who speak against Tanzania's UVIKO-19 treatment.
Freedom of expression, including the right to access, receive, and spread information, is protected by international law.
In Tanzania, the right to information, access to information and dissemination, is recognized by Sections 18(1) and 18(2) of the Constitution of the United Republic of Tanzania.
However, these rights appear to be more theory than reality.
In a situation where the government denies the presence of UVIKO-19 and the existence of laws that prevent people from sharing information and commenting on the disease, online and on the streets, Tanzanians are left without basic information and many are afraid to speak.
This post is part of a series of posts that investigate digital rights violations during the interim censorship measures in nine African countries: Uganda, Zimbabwe, Mozambique, Algeria, Nigeria, Namibia, Tunisia, Tanzania and Ethiopia.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation run by International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Photo showing the graduation of the police training in Mozambique via a screenshot of August 19, STV Youtube, taken by the owner
Mozambique's police orders filed to the media in early August indicated that 15 students were pregnant at a police training school in Matalane, Maputo's district.
The document argues that the abortions are the result of the existing sex between students and teachers without clarification of whether they were voluntary.
It has, however, been explained that pregnant students will not be able to complete the training for now, and they will travel back to their homes with a police transfer.
Finally the report stated that the educators involved would be suspended.
When asked by the newspaper O País on August 8, Commander-General of the Police Bernardino Rafael said that all the perpetrators will meet disciplinary procedures.
It took little time for the case to be seriously condemned on social media.
Several netizens expressed disappointment with the school's decision and demanded justice for the women.
Activist Fátima Mimbire wrote on Facebook:
Matalane's issue should be taken seriously.
I am deeply disappointed with the issue of the pregnancy of 15 Matalane Training Center students.
This is a big thing.
It’s a big thing because if the documents show the perpetrators are educators.
Now one man with the authority above the other is getting pregnant and the result is a little process?
This reminds me of a teacher who alleged sexual corruption to his students in order to offend him or not to harass them in class because from his perspective the students are foolish, and instead of prosecuting the same teacher was forced to teach him anywhere.
And there he continues his censorship.
Chadeka, a women's rights activist, also condemned this on Twitter:
Matalane case
Creating a social equal community in the protection of equal rights of citizens requires quality education as well as development policies that concern citizens' development as well as scientific and moral knowledge as well as traditional education.
Matalane case
Criminal violence against women is common for democratic communities, known for harassment of women and forcing them to comply with the wishes of men, promoting condemnation for the actions of victims and reducing the crime of violence.
University professor Carlos Serra said:
Matalane?
It's a small part of the snow surrounding Matalane is our own.
I think the day they will start expressing their responses, starting from childhood.
Also journalist and activist Selma Inocência said:
A very few teachers have been brought to court, charged and sentenced.
They are responsible for losing thousands of girls.
School is not a safe place.
Statistics show that hundreds of girls are pregnant in school and other actors are teachers, teachers and school heads.
The petition has been passed calling for a punishment to the police officers in charge.
So far more than 3,8000 people have seized.
For the government this is a fundamental issue and is undergoing a thorough investigation at the level of ministry and head of the Mozambique's police.
The clarification cannot and cannot tolerate such issues.
The law must take its lead and it is for everyone.
No one is above the law.
The investigation continues with a thorough investigation into the case and taking into account the psychological and emotional conditions of these pregnant women because they deserve their dignity.
Another case
This is the continuation of the cases of violence facing women in Mozambique that are not in the media.
One of the cases that recently got headlines is the case of Alberto Niquice, a member of the Liberation Front of Mozambique (Frelimo), who is facing a criminal case for marrying a 13-year-old boy in 2018.
Earlier this year, 30 civil institutions in Mozambique asked Niquice not to be re-elected in 2019.
However, the deputy took office and works as usual in parliament.
Another media case is about the violence committed by Josina Machel, daughter of Mozambique's first president, Samora Machel.
In October 2015, Josina was beaten by her three-year-old girlfriend Rofini Licuco left with one eye disappearance.
Licuco was sentenced to 3 years and 4 months in prison as well as a 300 million metric (US$4.2 million) fine to Josina.
However, Rofino filed an appeal and in June this year the Supreme Court of Appeal dismissed the case for alleged lack of sufficient evidence in the case.
This Tuesday of Advocacy, change Global Voices: https://globalvoices.org/donate/
The year 2020 has not been complete yet.
Amidst all, we at Global Voices have continued to publish stories from all the four corners of the world, bringing our readers a unique global view of issues such as the UVIKO-19 blast, the race unity movement, protests in countries such as Belarus and Thailand, and more, and more.
The community of bloggers, journalists, journalists and digital rights activists at Global Voices has worked for over 16 years to build bridges between countries and languages and defend press freedom, Internet transparency, and the right of everyone, any group and freedom of expression.
Please Add to Global Voices this Tuesday of Delivery
Our work with the international community of journalists is evidence that human relations regardless of the diversity can change the way people understand the world.
Please change today to help us continue this important work.
<< Add to Global Voices >>
December 2004.
It was supposed to be a university student using Facebook, Twitter was yet to be used, the rescuers were still living on the bridges of stories.
Our phones were still unintelligent, flooding meaned water and you would call me a referee to fix it, and still Amazon.com was unable to sell some of the products.
There were a lot of news sites, there were blogs and they did well, and we started talking online.
That's where Global Voices was born.
We have been there for 15 years!
For the dog age, it is 110 years.
For Internet years, that is about 1000 years.
Today we wish to take advantage of this opportunity to thank our well-known authors who spread around the world and our faithful readers and partners for giving Global Voices the power and ability to move forward.
Since 2004, we have helped to write the world's biggest story.
We have published 100,000 articles, and produced special posts aimed at empowering local communities to use digital networks and fight for online rights, as well as building a community of translators who translate more than 51 languages.
Without you, there would be no Global Voices.
Help us complete another 15 years.
We mean that the tribe needs your help.
Private donations help protect our freedom and allow us to make difficult decisions to grow and change.
Please join us today!
Add now!
travellers crossed the border between Ghana and Togo, West Africa, on January 25, 2016.
Photo by Enock4seth via Wikimedia Commons, CC BY-SA 4.0.
African leaders have taken a quick decision to deal with UVIKO-19.
The African Centre for Disease Control (ACDC) formed a UVIKO-19 operational unit on February 5, before the continent witnessed no single patient.
Today, Africa which is currently the lowest affected region in the world with 1,293,048 HIVIKO-19 confirmed patients and the most interesting is 1,031,905 reports of infection, according to African CDCP.
The region accounts for less than 5 percent of the cases worldwide and less than 1 percent of all deaths worldwide.
Now, as African countries led by the African Union are imposing COVID-19 sanctions and preparing to reopen their economies and borders, many governments are using innovative technology.
The adoption of a unity, African technology that can monitor the spread and connect COVID-19 censorship centers across the continent has led to the use of PanaBIOS, a bio-monitoring technology supported by the African Union.
PanaBIOS has provided a web-based software that tracks people at risk and records sample tests from origin to laboratory.
This technology was created by Koldchain, the leading Kenyan institution, and funded by AfroChampions, a public and private partnership designed to bring together African resources and institutions to support and develop the success of the African private sector.
Ghana is the only country for this time using PanaBIOS technology when opening its borders.
PanaBIOS ensures that passengers can submit exam results from other countries to meet the needs of the port approval for countries travelling through the Pana Bios application or by adding the guidelines generated by the system to the travel licences.
City health officials are using a commercial version software to verify health documents in the same way for all countries.
comprehensive data protection laws
The African and African Coalition CDCP is encouraging its member nations to engage in a key commercial platform, PanaBIOS that will bring out results across the continent to be united.
But, the census' interference in health will raise a lot of questions about the availability and privacy of data.
Government surveillance and censorship can create fear and threat to freedom of citizenship, especially in a country where only 27 out of 54 countries have comprehensive laws on data protection and privacy.
Other African countries, such as Ghana, have amended the law to give the president emergency powers to tackle the disaster by ordering a telecom company to provide customers' personal data such as a customer's profile, a customer's phone memory, data of money transferred to a mobile phone and not used, regulations of translators, and an address.
To ensure data protection and privacy, all mechanical learning techniques used by PanaBIOS are in general data.
These are data collected edited for data analysis and not personal targeting data except for censorship, where it will be accessible to suspects or affected.
To ensure confidentiality, the African Union, PanBIOS, and its allies must suggest how they will comply with data protection laws from different countries to protect confidentiality, ensure data approval and avoid participating in commercial data.
Currently, this application does not have a public privacy policy, which explains users’ principles of collecting and sharing data.
The challenge is how this privacy policy will a range of objectives, mandates, national, and legislative sections such as the African Union Convention on Network Security and Private Data Protection, the South African Community of Development (SADC) specific law on Data Protection, the Economic Community of West African Nations (ECOWAS) Additional Law A / SA.1 / 01/10 on Private Data Protection within the ECOWAS and the East African Community of Network Management.
Technology solutions have contributed to effective fighting COVID-19 in Africa
In addition to PanaBIOS, some African nations have made progress depending on technology to tackle the spread of the COVID-19 pandemic.
For example, scientists from Sengali have developed a COVID-19 screening device that costs $1 and 3D screening.
Wellvis, a prominent NGO in Nigeria, developed a COVID-19 censorship tool, an independent online tool to help users assess the risk of being infected with the coronavirus according to the signs and history of censorship.
The South African government used WhatsApp to provide interactive conversations to answer regular questions about fake stories, signs and COVID-19 complications.
And in Uganda, market women used the Park Market software to sell their products at home using this software, then a motorcycle taxi took the purchaser.
Africa's success in controlling and controlling the spread of COVID-19 has been attributed to public disasters, the ability to assess and monitor the dead, and the possibility of SARS-CoV-2 mentality among other Africans.
But it is clear that technology-driven solutions have contributed significantly to the control of COVID-19, despite the leadership changing at the beginning of the disaster.
Solomon Zewdu, a deputy doctor and Bill and Melinda explained how, in January, as many Western nations visited, Ethiopia started to shoot at AddisAbaba stadium.
Rwanda became the first African country to postpone conventional sanctions on March 21, and several African countries followed the latest trend: South Africa continues to postpone conventional sanctions with 400 cases and two deaths.
(And the same population, Italy grew up with more than 9,000 cases and 400 deaths took place.)
In comparison, the number of victims and deaths in America is six times the number of Africa.
Public health experts predicted that the disaster would have a significant impact on the African continent and the bodies of the deceased in the streets.
Apparently, Africa has proven the opposite.
This story is based on a study by Factcheck Lab, a Hong Kong-based verification agency, who is also a Global Voices contributor to which a journalist is a member.
Since September 22, news reports and publications circulating on Chinese networks have not quoted as the Chief Scientist of the World Health Organization (SAD), Dr. Soumya Swaminathan, as saying Chinese vaccines against COVID-19 have proven to have an effect.
These reports and publications quote the source of a minute video produced by China TV for video participation program China Miaopai.
The video shows a speech by SAD's chief director Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus highlighting the importance of promoting the UVIKO-19 vaccine, followed by Dr. Swaminathan's comments.
In a CCTV video, whose brief explanation says WHO's chief scientist: China's UVIKO-19 sources have proven to have an effect (), this is Swaminathan's report:
As you know, they also have a complete program to expand the vaccine and some of your vaccines move forward in a clinical trial, this is also our interest, we are following them closely.
Some partners have proven to have benefited from the ongoing clinical trials.
But Dr. Swaminathan's original speech has been amended.
His final sentence, of course, started with the word if, and the lullabies made it appear he said it confirmed rather than confirmed.
Dr. Swaminathan's full comment is the following :
We have been engaged in a discussion with China for the past several months because, you know, those who also have a complete program to expand the vaccine and their many vaccines are moving ahead of a clinical trial, this is our interest, so we are following them closely.
We have had a constructive and open discussion with them and they have constantly insisted on their volunteer commitment around the world if some of their vaccines have passed the ongoing clinical trials.
So I think the talk goes on, it's still clear and we're waiting for a lot of idiot countries.
These comments were made at a non-SAD press conference on September 21.
A full copy of the one and a half-hour incident may be disqualified.
That was how the conference intended to submit a warning about a plan that cost $18 billion for WHO and other organizations to send the UVIKO-19 vaccine to the future around the world.
To date, 156 countries have registered for the programme; neither China nor the United States.
As estimated, CCTVT videos, including news reports and produced publications, have attracted sexual permission.
The posts on Weibo and Daily Economic News have more than 337,000 likes.
Below are some of the most popular comments:
I am proud of my country.
This is the gift of National Day and Central Flour Festival.
You can't stop Chinese rebellion.
I am proud of my country.
China has saved the world.
After the observers showed Dr.'s faulty words, the media outlets, including CGTN and CCTV, censored their publications on social media.
Among them is the Youth Communist League of China, whose post was quoted by Twitter user @Emi 2020JP before they disappeared from Weibo:
Tedros should be screamed first.
As @Emi 2020JP, many Twitter users believed WHO was assisting China with distorting the video, and published an angry comment on Tedros:
Tedros is a whistleblow!
I'll pay Tedros an extra charge!
Yesterday my mother told me, the news in the country said America would buy a lot of vaccines from China.
I don't need to explain. Let them live in their imagination.
A great job, from the spread of the virus to the promotion of the sale of the vaccine!
Although subsequent publications have been posted, submissions are still circulating on social media, such as this public post on WeChat.
Reports based on Beijing in Hong Kong, such as Speak OutHK (and Today Review (), have also published the news for the video.
There are approximately 200 UVIKO-19 vaccines that are far from clinical tests around the world, and most of them are prepared by Chinese library.
None has passed the 3rd phase of the test for now.
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Hundreds of Angolans took to the streets on September 12 in Luanda, Benguela and 15 other cities protesting police brutality.
The protests started after rumors were about the death of 35-year-old Dr Silvio Dala who died on September 1 under police supervision.
According to authorities reports, Dala left his car from the David Bernardino Children Hospital in Luanda, where he serves as Director of the clinic and was suspended by the police for not wearing a bariah.
The doctor was taken to Catotes police station in the neighbouring town of Rocha Pinto, and when he showed signs of violence and started to stop, he fell badly and hit the head and caused a small wound in the head according to the official police report.
He also said that Dala died as police officers took him to the hospital.
The Association of Doctors opposed the report.
The party president Adriano Manuel, told Voice of America (VOA) that there is controversy in the authorities' explanation that the doctor was disappointed.
Manuel told The Voice of Germany (DW) that the cause of death described by the police is not real.
Anybody who is a doctor and has given him a doctor will know that this is not what killed Silvio.
According to DW, a news source from the Ministry of Interior says that the investigation was carried out in front of the family and the prosecutor and confirmed that the doctor was not the victim of the pandemic.
The party has said it would take legal action by the police.
Meanwhile, the Angolan government has formed a committee in collaboration with the Ministry of Health to investigate the incident.
Protesters did not believe in police reports about Dala's death.
banners used by protesters in various parts of Luanda said: There's no more murder, you're paid to protect us, you don't have to kill us, I'm Silvio Dala, they've killed Silvio Dala.
Some also called for the resignation of Interior Minister Eugénio Laborinho.
The protest was organized by the Association of Doctors in collaboration with organizations and civil society institutions.
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Since the start of the Covid-19 pandemic in Angola, several cases of police violence have been while investigating and occasionally leading to civilian deaths.
Speaking to Lusa, an exit musician Brigadeiro 10 Pacotes, whose real name is Bruno Santos, asked Lugarinho to resign and also asked the police school to improve his training structure.
The police is an institution that needs to give citizens courage, but today citizens lack courage, that is, they are afraid when they meet the police, he concluded.
Protest against Dr Silvio Dala's death in Luanda.
Photo by Simão Hossi, CC-BY 3.0
Many sparked the protests on Facebook and WhatsApp to protest the incident.
Activist and scholar Nuno Álvaro Dala wrote on Facebook:
INVESTMENT PollISES WORK IN SILVIO DALA
Pictures are powerful and clean.
They must all demand justice.
The police in this country must pay for the crimes they committed.
This cannot be the case.
On Twitter, Isabel dos Santos, former chairman of the board of managers of Sonangol oil company, daughter of former president José Eduardo dos Santos, said:
# EUSou SilvioDala Saturday announced manifestation pacífica e silenciosa pelo Sindicato Nacional dos Médicos de Angola (SINMEA),convidando todos professionals de health,outros syndatos e society civil, contra a violência Policial em memoria de Sílvio Dala, 12:30hLargo da Mutamba pic.twitter.com/blRs117IdY
Isabel dos Santos (@isabelaangola) September 11, 2020
#I am SilvioDala.
On Saturday the Association of Angolan Doctors (SINMEA) announced a silent and peaceful strike calling on health workers, other parties and civil society institutions to protest police brutality as a reminder of Dr Silvio Dala, at 6:30 pm in Largo da Mutamba
Headline: Angolans go to the streets protesting police brutality and calling for an end to the massacre.
Meanwhile, also on Twitter, Alejandro questioned the involvement of online activists in Angola in the event:
When o George Floyd fu fuell morto os chamados Influencers Angolanos displayam o Su propaganda ao movement Black Lives Matter, mas com a morta do medico Englishano Sílvio Dala os tais Hermanos influencers non?
Ale Alejandro (@AlejandroCutieG) September 7, 2020
When George Floyd killed those calling Angolan activists online showed their support for Black Life Yana Thamani, but at the death of Angolan doctor Silvio Dala, these relatives did nothing about the tragedy!
Hachalu Hundessa interviewed by OMN via Firaabeek Entertainment / CC BY 3.0.
Editor's drop: This is a two-part analysis of Hachalu Hundessa, a prominent Oromo musician whose murder sparked religious and ethnic violence because of misinformation on social media.
Read Part 2 here
Ethiopia's leading musician Hachalu Hundessa gained popularity with his creativity and talent for public recognition of the Oromo people.
He was killed in the cave of the Ethiopian capital, Addis Ababa, on June 29, this year.
That night at 3:30am, when Hachalu collapsed in his car, a man named Tillahun Yami walked towards his car and shot him on his back.
He was rushed to a nearby hospital where he was officially confirmed dead.
It was later revealed that the bullet destroyed her internal legs seriously.
Addis Ababa police chief that two suspects have been arrested.
A few days later the authorities sentenced the killers and their two allies.
In his assassination, the country has entered a difficult time to resolve the next violence.
The fact is that Hachalu’s murder has not been clearly revealed as well as its consequences, rumors began to spread after politicians and activists insisted on the conflict between the majority of Oromo and Amahara leaders, Ethiopia’s largest ethnic group.
On his day, prayerers flooded the streets of Addis Ababa and other cities around Oromo.
The next morning the Oromia Satellite Television Network (OMN), where Hachalu conducted his final interview, broadcasted commercial broadcasts on TV and networks and showed when his brand was transferred from Addis Ababa to their home in Ambo.
The controversial announcement became a scene of clashes between government authorities and opposition leaders, with discussions where Hachalu and OMN had to suspend its announcement; they were allegedly forced to return to Addis Ababa.
Ten people were killed and several injured in Addis Ababa.
The clashes led to the arrest of some opposition leaders including OMN leader Jawar Mohammed and opposition leader Bekele Gerba who were charged with inciting violence.
The controversy broke further after authorities recovered Hachalu’s body and sent them to their town to Ambo through a helicopter, where both parties continued to struggle and give the elderly family the opportunity to give their relatives an appropriate holiday.
After that violence and clashes followed.
The clashes took three days that sparked some of the cities of Oromo and Addis Ababa and the real damage is: 239 deaths and hundreds injured, more than 7,000 arrested for causing violence and destruction of property worth millions of birr, Ethiopian money.
On June 30, the government tried to shut down the net to prevent the spread of activism on social media for three weeks.
Several people were shot dead by security forces but some news outlets such as Voice of America and Addis Standard that angry groups from the Oromo tribe attacked people of different groups in the cities and streets of different religions, in the south-east of Oromo, targeting families of non-Romans and non-Muslims in the region.
The most controversial situation was in a mixed Amahara-Oromo region and religion might have played a major role because of the consciousness that: the South-Eastern Oromo community is recognized by the transcendence of Islam by the Afan-Oromo language users.
One farmer said that we thought Hachalu was a Moromo after watching a live broadcast showing the activities of the Hachalu funeral following the traditions of the Ethiopian Tewahedo Orthodox Church.
According to reports, most of the victims of the violence were Muslims in Amhara, Muslims in Oromo and the people of Gurage.
One witness said that the groups had destroyed and burnt property and killed the victim's heads and legs.
Interviewer prediction
When only reports on Hachalu's murder were heard, the Somali diaspora news outlet included his death and his final interview with OMN headed by Guyo Wariyo, which was broadcast a week before Hachalu was killed.
During the interview, Gayo repeatedly asked Hachalu mysterious questions about his support for the ruling party and repeatedly denied him when he was responding.
Hachalu refused to join the ruling party but also criticized conflicts and divisions in Oromo political parties, highlighting freedom of thought as a musician that made it the target of online attacks until the day he died.
However, Guyo asked Hachalu about the historic abuse committed against the Oromo people by the King Menelik II who built Ethiopia today.
Hachalu surprised many listeners when he said that the farce made by Menelik in a statue in Addis Ababa was belonging to an Oromo farmer called AIDS Debelle, and Menelik stole the farce.
The answers attracted his humiliation and criticism from various people on Facebook and Twitter.
When Hachalu was killed a week later, many Oromo people living abroad felt that Hachalu's criticism of Menelik II's statue angered supporters of the kingdom Ethiopia and caused his assassination.
On social media, citizens denied what Hachalu said against Menelik, leading to the spread of rumors with a lot of false information.
Another part of the interview has information on issues related to division and conflicts within the Romanian community.
In all the interviews Guyo chanted Hachalu about the ongoing political change in the country and the anti-government movement by asking the question about Prime Minister Abiy Ahmed, who is a Moromo and whether the government has been able to fulfill the wishes of the Oromo people since he took office in 2018.
Hachalu repeatedly said he was not involved in Oromo's colonial politics but criticized all those who judge Abiy's tradition.
He defended his position against the main opposition leaders joined the Tigray People's Liberation Front (TPLF), which had been close to the largest historic Ethiopian People's Revolutionary Front (EPRDF).
TPLF became an opposition party after Abiy bombed the EPRDF.
Hachalu also spoke about the ongoing political violence in the Oromo region accusing both the authorities and militants of the Oromo Liberation Front (OLF) which is also known as OLF-Shane.
Following the massacre of Hachalu, the government managed to take a 71-minute interview and disclose it to the public.
The area includes a mass murder threat sent to Hachalu from the western part of Oromo, where the OLF-Shane militant forces are operating.
Hachalu said he believed he would not be attacked online if he fought for OLF-Shane.
He spoke directly about the conflict between him and Getachew Assefa, the Ethiopian High Commissioner for Security during the TPLF period in power.
Guyo, who announced the interview on his Facebook page calling him to have seen a few days before his release, has been arrested by the police since then and the government is investigating the 71th minute of the interview to find information that will help find a solution to Hachalu's killing cause.
Read more about the consequences of Hachalu Hundessa's murder in part II.
Image from Guardian YouTube video about violence against women.
The COVID-19 pandemic has significantly affected women’s rights in the Middle East and Northern Africa; from increasing domestic violence to losing jobs.
But there is one clear area where women are victims of rape, and this is after the Covid-19 pandemic erupted and there is a need to cope with it.
In April, the United Nations announced that no sanctions resulted from the struggles to tackle the Covid-19 pandemic, there are 2 million cases of abuse estimated to come out in the coming decade where it would interfere with the sanctions if the Covid-19 vaccine introduced plans and measures to combat and abuse
Corruption includes partially or completely removing the outskirts, or cleaning the outskirts without any connection or treatment, according to the World Health Organization (WHO).
This act is a traditional and religious tradition that has roots all over Africa, the Middle East and Asia, and is carried out by traditional chiefs, chiefs, mangoes or bottles.
Violence is also known as secular violence is widely believed to be one of the most violent cases of violence against girls and women, and is relatively less in the Middle East.
At least 200 million women are estimated to have been affected.
This was well explained by UNICEF in a video:
In the Middle East and North Africa, persecution is a problem that affects mainly Egypt, Sudan, Yemen, Iraq and Djibouti.
Carlos Javier Aguilar, a child protection advocate explains more,
Somalia is estimated to have a high number of rape victims, with 98 percent of women aged 15 to 49 being raised.
In Djibouti, an estimated 93 percent of victims, Egypt 92, Sudan 88, Mauritania 69, Yemen 19 percent and Iraq 7 percent according to data released in June by the United Nations Peoples Association (UNFPA).
This is different according to the social class, tribe and the level of education in each country and in urban or rural areas.
Violence often happens among the poorest or in families that are not educated in rural areas.
In Yemen, persecution is rooted in the coastal area but only a few in the north.
In Iraq, this has spread widely in the northern Kurdish province.
In Egypt it takes place mostly for girls living in the Upper Egypt region.
In Mauritania, more than 90% of women from the poorest families are subjected to abuse compared to 37% of women from high income families.
READ ALSO: Less Reported Violence
The extent and extent of the abuse will be ignored because the world has no real image of the abuse, according to a joint report from March, has been approved by Equality now, the European Network to Prevent Abuse and the United States Network to Prevent Abuse.
The report showed that this culture is growing and also taking place in both the Middle East and Asia, and the world has indeed ignored the persecution.
A few recent research shows that persecution is also taking place in Iran, including all of the Gulf countries such as Kuwait, the Arab Emirates, Omani and Saudi Arabia.
Divya Srinivasan from Equality Now told Reuters that she was so surprised by the results of the small survey from areas such as Omani and Saudi Arabia where it is not usually a place that can reach attention when it comes to censorship
This report was published during the ongoing COVID-19 crisis in the Middle East and was not published or interpreted by Arab media and social media.
A society's lack of awareness about abuse can prove that abuse is not at all worrying.
Social bodies
In the Middle East, cities surround women’s bodies are banned from publicly discussing secrets such as abuses that are linked to ethnic, religious and cultural beliefs.
In Egypt, for instance, Christians and Muslims together believe that raping girls makes them more married to their future husbands, and they are also afraid that their daughters will not be married if they are not raped, according to a report from the end of raping in the Middle East, a campaign organized in 2013 to give the public awareness about raping and tell the world that raping is not only in Africa but also in many countries in the Middle East and Asia.
The organization continues to gather more information on abuse and has created a way to gather information that will help one person or groups conduct a small study on abuse.
People want to avoid conversations and rape topics if it happens to be headlines if the death of a 12-year-old girl who died after being raised in Southern Egypt in February, is where people are talking.
Ghida Hussein, an Egyptian student, told Global Voices that:
Because we don't talk about this, it's as if the problem is not at all.
The violation takes place quietly behind closed doors.
It comes away from educated people in the city where activists and politicians are sitting.
Violence is complicated and maybe the international community calls for financial support and mobilization, so you don’t see the male-led community prioritising this issue.
Broken chairs and talking about abuses makes human rights defenders be attacked in the language of hatred and hatred.
In Oman, women's rights activist Habiba al Hinai, founder of the Institute for Human Rights Omani conducted a small study in 2017 in Omani and found that 78 percent of women are harassed.
After publishing the results of his study online, Habiba received attacks and threats:
I posted the results of the survey online and the reaction was great.
I have been attacked by religious supporters who claimed that persecution is part of the Islamic worship.
In Omani, where torture is not officially identified, there is no protection for the victims.
Habiba added this in his report:
How can you tell her a writer to talk about abuse and then face all these consequences, including torture, even the family or marriage that may have completely separated her, maybe even her husband can forgive her - if there is no formal support.
I will not expect these women to stand up and speak courageously and face society.
Not to stop Corruption: Exhausted, Not Exhausted
In Yemen and the Arab Union, abuses are prohibited at health institutions alone, but not at home.
In Mauritania, there is a legal ban but not a direct repression.
In Iraq, repression has been restricted in a Kurdish religious province, but it is still legitimate in the central region of Iraq.
There have been signs of non-violence.
Years after the establishment of a women's rights organization, Egypt stopped rape in 2008.
Sudan, in a political transition after 30 years of dictatorship, was the first to spread persecution in April.
But the enforcement of the law is a big challenge because violations are still at high level and accepted are also widely spread.
Although the law is not a very important weapon but it is still not implemented.
The countries need a more progressive national plan and strategy including police, courts, healthcare providers, bars and social education.
A series of regional disasters and dictatorship authorities have understood changes blocking campaigns and resources for violence and violence against women.
Now the world's attention is focused on fighting COVID-19 and its impact on the many economies and programmes that are directly involved in the rights of women in vulnerable circumstances and providing social services has been postponed or not an priority anymore.
With a lot of poor families and a lot of girls left in school or in child marriage, abuse is like getting an unknown place in this region.
Photo by Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, used with permission from The SignalNg.
Abubakar Idris Dadiyata, a prominent lecturer and critic of the Nigerian government was arrested at his home on August 1, 2019, in Barnawa near Kaduna, North West of Nigeria.
A year after his kidnapping, Dadiyata is yet to be found.
Abubakar Idris (Didiyata) was evacuated from his home in Kaduna, Nigeria.
His actions are still unclear.
His family and friends want answers to their questions: where is @dadiyata?
Abubakar is the victim of the lost #Let's Lone #Let'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sLet'sL
Dadiyata was a student at Dutsinma Public University, Katsina province.
As a member of the People's Democratic Party (People's Democratic Party) Dadiyata was always dealing with members of the All Progressive Congress (All Progressive Congress) on social media.
Read more: Fears will rise against the kidnapping of the Nigerian government's criticism
All the state government institutions and the main government have nothing to do with
Dadiyata was violently taken by terrorists at 2am when he arrived at his home, a year ago on August 1, 2019, Premium Times.
Dadiyata’s wife, Kadija in an interview with the BBC, recalled that her husband was talking to the phone while her car engine was still busy, when she was arrested by the suspects.
Although Kadija couldn't hear what was being said or who was talking to him on the phone, he recalls that his husband's supporters were following him and came home.
Dadiyata's wife kept looking at the door of their room as her husband was taken and left.
The worst thing, is that he has no information about Dadiyata.
sadly, how their children continue to ask their missing father, Kadija told the BBC.
In search of Dadiyata, Nigerian security agencies have continued to withdraw from all forms of accusations related to his disappearance.
The Nigerian Department of Defence, until January, refused to detain Dadiyata.
The Department of National Defence says that because Dadiyata was taken to his home by armed men it does not mean that they are the staff of the Department of National Defence.
Also the Attorney-General of Kaduna State, Aisha Dikko, refused to know he was or was involved in the kidnapping of Dadiyata.
In any case it is contrary to a subjective view of believing that having been placed in Kaduna then the state government is in charge, said Dikko.
However, the denial of responsibility for the National Security and the government of Kaduna State did not let Dadiyata’s wife and their two children suffer or restore her freedom.
The petition for the release of Dadiyata is still circulating on Twitter pages with the hashtag #OneYearBilaDiyata, demanding his freedom from Nigerians.
Bulama Bukarti complained of the pain that this evacuation has caused the Dadiyata family:
It is surprising how a Nigerian can disappear like this.
We must continue to do everything possible to connect Dadiyata and his family.
There is no chance for such immigration.
Those who left Dadiyata will come to pay him.
If not now then it must be later.
This Twitter user failed to hear Dadiyata's wife's interview:
I was disappointed by hearing Dadiyata’s wife interviewing @bbchausa, this morning.
The only thing she asks is forgivers to forgive her and let her husband return to her family, especially her younger children.
Akin Akíntayo doesn't understand how Dadiyata can disappear unknownly for a year:
One question I'm asking is how did Dadiyata and his car disappeared without leaving a mark for a year again in Nigeria; and even the government is not worried about that, it's more about being enough than taking responsibility to search for him because he was targeted for his criticism?
Unfortunately, it is as if nobody is concerned about the critic:
On the other hand, all government institutions in the province and the main government are struggling to avoid accusations of not doing anything, human rights activist Professor Chidi Odinkalu said in an interview with Vyral Africa:
In addition to saying they don't know where he is, nobody has shown an effort to tell us what they've done to get him and how they don't want to be involved with him.
This shows us what we do not mean as small citizens.
The least we can do is ask where is Dadiyata and why is our government not looking for it?
Students in Kaduna Province, Nigeria.
Photo by Jeremy Weate, January 15, 2010 via Flickr / CC BY 2.0.
Armed mercenaries stormed a secondary school in Kaduna, northwestern Nigeria on August 24 and killed one person and killed four students and a teacher, according to an online news source, SaharaReporters.
The armed men arrived and attacked Damba- Kasaya village in the Chikun district government of Kaduna at 1.45am on a motorcycle andly killed Benjamin Auta, a farmer, according to the online Premium Times.
The armed men went to Prince High School where they killed Christianah Madugu and four students, favour Danjuma, 9, Miracle Danjuma, 13, Happy Odoji, 14, and Ezra Bako, 15.
His father Happy, Isiaka Odoji, told Daily Trust, a Nigerian daily newspaper that the kidnappers are demanding 20 million naira (US$53,000) to release their children, but they are never able to collect that.
The kidnapped students were doing their primary education exams.
Because of the Covid-19 outbreak, only students who ended school were allowed to go back to school.
The main government and the state of Kaduna have remained silent about the deaths of the kidnapped students and their teachers.
Kawaida Day in Nigeria
Twitter user Ndi Kato said the incident is a threat to the nation:
Today in Kaduna, children in graduate schools who were ordered to continue their studies have been fired by armed men.
One person has been to have been killed, the life of the young man has been expelled, and others have left them and we will probably not see them anymore.
This should have damaged any nation.
But it's still a regular day Nigeria warned Twitter user Chima Chigozie:
Some students have been kidnapped in Kaduna, one of the boyfriends was killed during the incident.
The boy’s life has been expelled, this was supposed to have threatened the nation, but NO, this is a normal day in Nigeria.
Jaja blames politics for causing public disappointment and anger over the kidnapping:
The kidnapped Kaduna boys will not get the kindness Chibok girls got because first they are boys and second Goodluck Jonathan (GEJ) is not the President.
Goodluck Ebele Jonathan (GEJ) was president, while 276 girls from government schools were kidnapped by Boko Haram militants, from the north-east of Chi Igbo in April 2014.
The nomination sparked a global trend with the hashtag #RebuildOurChildren by millions of people online.
Read more: Nigerians Celebrating the return of 82 Chibok girls in the hands of Boko Haram
Also on February 19, 2018, Boko Haram kidnapped 110 female students from a female school in Dapchi, Yobe province, northeast Nigeria.
Read more: Female students kidnapped by Boko Haram in Nigeria suspected to die
The kidnapping of Damba- Kasaya students and their teacher is a repeated horrific incident.
The only difference is that now those involved in this tragic incident are not Boko Haram but armed mercenaries.
The crimes of Kaduna Maharamia
Criminal violence erupted in northeast Nigeria in the states of Zamfara, Kaduna, Niger, Sokoto, Kebbi and Katsina.
ACAPS is an independent humanitarian organization, which confirmed that the violence is not related to the rebellion of Boko Haram in the North East:
These crimes started as a conflict between farmers and farmers in 2011 and grew up between 2017 and 2018, including livestock rape, rape for money, rape and murder.
As of March 2020, over 210,000 people have been domestic refugees.
The rural communities have remained alive by the murder of some 1,126 people from northern Nigeria between January and June this year.
The cities in Southern Kaduna are the most attacked cities where 366 people have been killed in the first half of 2020, according to the International Organization for Human Rights.
Chikun LGA, the home of kidnapped students has been facing attacks from militant groups which have been accompanied by kidnapping and deaths and 45 communities fleeing their homes where they have been kidnapped since 2019, according to a report by a coalition of people in Southern Kaduna.
The people of Southern Kaduna claim that the pilgrims are a Fulani tribe who plan to plant the land, supported by the main and provincial governments.
But the governor of Kaduna province, Nasir El-Rufai, refused the ban to be linked to landslides or intimidation by religious ideals.
On August 22, the government of Kaduna State ordered the people not to leave from 12pm to 12pm, where in some areas it is allegedly part of the government's plan to stop immigration.
However, the spokesman of the Southern Kaduna People's Union, Luka Binniyat, complained that hunger also kills us because people are not going to their camps, our people are completely missing hope.
poet Henry Swapon and lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood.
This link is part of their photos widely circulated on social media.
Two people were arrested on May 14 and 15 for posting their comments on their Facebook pages.
The arrest has raised questions among the communities on social media.
Prison of poet Henry Swapon
On May 14, poet and journalist Henry Swapon was arrested at his home in the city of Barishal, in the Southern Bangladesh Central Region.
He has been accused of violating Bangladesh's Cyber Security Act
As a member of a small Christian community, Swapon originally accused himself and his brothers Alfred and Jewel Satkat of insulting the religious sentiments of Muslims and Christians on social media.
Bangladeshi poet and editor Henry Swapan arrested under cyber security law!
#ReportersFree #Bangladesh #Bangladeshiblogger #ReportersFree pic.twitter.com/MGoCec2nsR
According to the Dhaka Tribune, Swapon posted a post on his Facebook page criticizing Lawrence Subrata Howlader, a Catholic Bishop of the Barishal Diocese.
The Bishop chose to hold a cultural event in one of the Catholic churches on April 22, 2019, just a day after a terrorist attack in Sri Lanka.
Swapon thought the Bishop would postpone the ceremony in honor of the lives of hundreds of people disappeared in the attack.
Some Christians used the language he used for the Bishop and others even threatened to kill him.
Swapon has been an online spokesperson condemning all forms of harassment and corruption in their city.
Netizen Swakrito Noman wrote on Facebook:
In Bangladesh, an attack on activists accusing them of insulting religious sentiments has been common for Muslim leaders.
Now we see that even those of Christians who have not changed have started to use this approach.
I think those who hate this kind of criticism are mentally ill.
The government is planning to provide treatment to these patients.
We strongly condemn the arrest of poet Henry Swapon and call for his immediate release without any condition.
Lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood's arrest
In the morning of May 15, the police arrested Supreme Court lawyer and journalist Imtiaz Mahmud under a section of the 2017 Unconstitutional Information, Communication and Technology Act in which one citizen, Shafiqul Islam, complained that Mahmood's Facebook posts had molested his religious sentiments and triggered crime in the south-east region of Chittagong, Bangladesh.
Imtiaz Mahmood was granted for the first time the case was filed but the Khagrachhari Court issued a rearrest order contrary to the one in January 2019.
Mahmood commented during the ethnic violence that occurred after a Bengali motorcycle driver was killed in Khagrachhari, leading to a group of Bengali people burning several homes and shops of residents in Rangamati area in Chittagong.
Local sources told Dhaka Tribune that the police did not take any measures to prevent the incident.
Hundreds of similar charges were filed from 2013 to 2018, when the Information and Communications Act was amended by the Internet Security Act.
Bangladesh shut down social media.
Police have carried out a second arrest in two days under the Cyber Security Act.
Journalist Imtiaz Mahmood was arrested under the Information and Communications Act on Wednesday morning.
#Free expression #ICTLaw https://t.co/eH8H38unCr
Journalist Meher Afroz Shao wrote on Facebook:
He loves the mountains and the people who live there.
She writes about their rights.
I have never seen sarcastic words in his writing.
There's a big mistake.
I hope the mistakes will be quickly resolved.
PS: I have seen so many posts on Facebook that contain dirty languages and discrimination.
If they are prosecuted today, will their arrest be issued immediately?
Many netizens have condemned the arrest of the two, calling for a law abolition.
Bangladeshi immigrant Leesa Gazi tweeted:
It is a shame.
The Bangladesh government is unable to ensure public security but is trying to arrest people under a violating cyber security law that is contrary to the Bangladesh Constitutional spirit.
https://t.co/1sFKY10OPV
Journalist Probhash Amin wrote on Facebook:
After poet Henry Swapon, lawyer Imtiaz Mahmood (arrested).
Freedom of expression is restricted.
I want all the violent laws to be violated.
I want freedom of expression.
I want Henry Swapon and Imtiaz Mahmood to be immediately released.
Despite indicating that the law would violate freedom of expression, Bangladesh's parliament passed the Internet Security Act in September 2018.
The law replaced another repressive information and technology law, which was also used as a tool to silence online critics.
This law punishes some of the online conversations ranging from messaging to emotional and religious conversations which also list a high fine.
It also allows long imprisonment for cybercrimes leading to public violence and for gathering, sending and storing government documents and documents through digital services.
The Bangladesh Editor Council stated that the law violates the constitutional freedom, press freedom and freedom of expression.
Read more: Bangladesh Freedom of Expression activists say one digital security law is intended to abuse
The law allows law enforcement agencies to initiate an investigation into anyone whose activities are perceived to be harmful and threatening security.
Khartoum, Sudan.
Photo by Christopher Michel from Flickr under CC BY 2.0.
After the Sudan Revolution, Sudan's transitional authorities have signed a peace deal with the Sudan Revolutionary Front, a major rebel group that has continued its operations despite the removal of its former leader Omar al-Bashir, last year.
This historic peace deal was signed on August 31, in the city of Juba, South Sudan where it is supported by regional and international communities such as the Tropical, European Union, Egypt and some of the Gulf countries.
This excitement has also been sparked by the historic flooding that has affected some parts of Sudan, leading to the continued collapse of an already disrupted economy.
Still Sudanese netizens celebrated the news online.
Sudanese blogger Waleed Ahmed wrote:
Today we are volunteer, back home.
A video showing the Sudan Liberation Movement (SLMAA) led by Minawi declaring armed shutdowns on December 16, 2019, in support of the coup movement.
mini Arko Minawi, the leader of slMA, wrote:
mini Arko Minawi.
The signing of yesterday will put Sudan in a new trend, both in parties and for the people of Sudan, organizations and social parties in collaboration with friends and neighbors.
We must create a critical platform for our country's new history.
Sudan's Prime Minister Abdalla Hamdok welcomed the peace agreement saying:
I send the peace we signed today in our Sudanese nation to our children born in refugees and in camps, to the father and mother who wish their villages and cities waiting with enthusiasm for the glorious December revolution, the promise of return, the promise of justice and the promise of development and security.
These agreements guarantee the freedom of self-rule of rebel groups in their detention areas under the supervision of the main government.
The agreement will ensure that one-third of the parliamentary seats belong to people from the rebels to present their demands and concerns.
The agreement also guarantees justice and equality for all those charged by the previous administration, most of whom are non-Muslims or non-Arabs.
This is not the first peace agreement in Sudan's history.
Some netizens said peace agreements are a normal round in Sudan and may not bring peace or peace.
Inbal Ben Yehuda wrote:
The event that happens once every 5-9 years is not a historical point.
Abuja Peace Agreement 2006
Doha Peace Agreement 2011
Jubilee Peace Agreement 2020
better wait before celebrating
The agreement is not fulfilled
The slMA led by Abdul Wahid al-Nur, and the Movement for the Northern Sudanese Freedom Movement (SPLM-N), led by Abdelaziz al-Hilu, both resigned due to some questions about the coalition military operations and the country's identity.
Three days after the signing of a peace deal Sudan's Prime Minister travelled to Addis Ababa, Ethiopia, to meet al-Hilu to discuss the conflict according to Sudan's reconciliation
On Wednesday, Prime Minister Abdallah Hamdok held a secret meeting with Abdel Aziz al-Hilu in an effort to remove obstacles in the peace talks held by the Southern Sudan government.
The summit led to the signing of an agreement to respect the peace agreement held in Juba.
Sudan's social media ended with the dissemination of a copy of the agreement written in English in Lugjs, referring to Section 3 on religious issues and traditions:
A democratic nation should not be established in Sudan.
For Sudan as a democratic country where the rights of all people are respected, the constitution must be based on religious principles and ethnicities where individual rights must be respected.
Freedom of faith and prayer and religious activities is given to all Sudanese citizens.
The government does not establish a national religion, no man will be elected because of his religion.
Sudanese citizens are divided into two groups on this issue: the first group considers secession of citizenship and religion a fundamental human rights principle; the second group considers that the transitional government has no authority to make decisions on this issue without citizens' permission through democratic elections.
After the meeting, the Prime Minister's Twitter page published a copy of the agreement in Arabic where the content was different from those in the English-language version.
While the English edition emphasises the possibility of separating religion and tradition, the Arabic edition suggests a discussion on this controversial issue.
The difference in both posts has raised a lot of questions about the conclusion of the agreement.
historic peace, historic flooding
While peace brings happiness in Sudan, River Nile continues to flood bringing unexpected disasters to human beings.
According to a September 8 report by the National Defence Council, as a result of the flooding, there have been 103 deaths, 50 injured, 5,482 deaths, 27,341 houses have collapsed completely and 42,210 houses have collapsed half, 179 government buildings and private institutions have been damaged, 359 shops and buildings have been damaged and 4,208 hectares of agriculture have been damaged.
YouStorm on Twitter shared a video comparing the flooding of the Nile River on July 16 and August 16:
Flooding on Nile River in Sudan on July 16 compared to August 30 #Sentinael2 North Khartoum.
made by #EOBrowser @sentinael_hub #Sudanfloods pic.twitter.com/l8LRNBFY9m
On September 3, the governor of Sinner province, Ustadhi Elmahi Sulieman announced the state of emergency on his Facebook page:
River Nile's flooding this night has risen as a result of heavy rains that have led to the collapse of bridges and security walls, which are a small dam built by trees filled in the rocks of the city of Singa and the areas of Umm Benin, and flooding has begun in the city and in the homes of people.
So we direct all government authorities and private organisations to come and help rescue citizens as soon as possible and also provide shelter, food and treatment.
The situation is terrible:
In Singa State, the city of Singa, the situation is terrible after rain broke its block wall to allow water from River Nile to enter the city.
Sudanese youth from the island of Tuti built a wall to prevent flood water from entering their island.
It was a courageous act, said Hassan Shaggag:
They are the ones who will build Sudan...and they are the ones who are now contesting for power.
Sudanese people have a shortage of basic needs such as bread, gas, medicine and electricity – after six hours of electricity shutdowns per day.
The loss of Sudan's currency has now increased by 202 percent, according to Professor Steve Hanke.
However, so far the transitional government has not managed to control the market.
Again there is a peaceful promise, what exactly is the government's strategy to make life easier for citizens?
Student leader Jutatip Sirikhan dressed in white as a sign of a strike after his release.
Photo and explanation from Prachatai
This post comes from Prachatai, an independent news source in Thailand, edited and published by Global Voices as part of a content-sharing agreement.
Thailand Students Union President Jutatip Sirikhan was arrested on his way to university on September 1, for taking part in a massive protest on July 18.
Jutatip was arrested in a car leading to a classroom at Thammasat University of Tha Prachan in Bangkok.
He took to his Facebook page at 7:50 a.m. on September 1, when civilian soldiers stopped his riding taxi and presented him an arrest warrant.
Jutatip was taken to the Samranrat police station.
A police officer accompanied him to the door in another taxi because he was not safe to enter a private car with the police who came to arrest him.
He continued to be a businessman on his Facebook page, reading an article on Kawaida Awareness translated to Kithailand by Thomas Paine.
He was brought to the Bangkok Criminal Court and granted bail and released at 6.20pm under the supervision of a lecturer from Thammasat University.
The court did not request him to give the same amount of 100,000 baht (approx. $3,190) for a bail, but it was stipulated that the charges were not repeated and that all those who were arrested and released.
Jutatip is the 14th arrest activist for taking part in a massive protest on July 18.
15 other participants in the protest received a call and to the Samranrat police station to hear their charges on August 28.
Jutatip was charged with fraud, violation of the Emergency Declaration and Diabetes Act, among other charges.
Jutatip came out of the criminal court after his release and held a brief press briefing.
Colour can be cleaned, but we can't clean abuse
I didn't plan to run from the beginning.
I knew I had an arrest warrant
and I have been waiting for his arrest for a long time, but it has not happened until today.
Every time one person is arrested, there must be the wrong words that we did not protest peacefully.
I am a student and I have been subjected to police for months, for years.
Why not any compensation for me?
Why is there a compensation for just the police who are dictatorships?
There should be an appeal first, but what happened was that the police came with a direct arrest warrant.
It is a high level of abuse to the student.
They got me by following my phone calls from where I lived.
They threatened my house, my family and they sent me an arrest warrant so now we have to organize our protests.
Everything is in line with the constitution.
We are paying our taxes, we must be formed by the government and not harassed by the government.
So today, I explained it by suggesting that we can do this.
We must stand up for our rights and our freedom.
Colouring is also something that can be done.
Then Jutatip grabbed him a white ivory on his body as he threw his hand on him with three tears on the call for the hunger Games.
He said that white represents justice and justice, and demands justice.
We show that this is justice, this is a kind of explanation that we can do.
Even if it's a racist at the moment, it's a way to show that we can racist at any time.
We can respect those colours in power because they punish us and shoot us at any time, no matter how, because they have power.
Colour can be cleaned but abuse cannot be cleaned.
After that, Jutatip thanked the lecturer who placed a guarantee with the people who came to support him and help the crowd clean the colour he had dressed on the road on foot ahead of the court.
We will not stop fighting until we reach everything, including the Kingdom Reform and the new constitution, said Jutatip.
Screenshot from YouTube video, by Video Volunteers.
This post was originally written by Grace Jolliffe and originally broadcast by Video Volunteers, an international networking group that won the prize and its headquarters are India.
A briefly edited version has been published below as part of a special distribution agreement.
As India passes through a seven-part general elections that starts from 11 April to 19 May 2019 to elect its seventh parliament (Lok Sabha), some Indian voters have committed an unusual crime for denying the electoral activities.
Read more: All you want to know about India's 2019 general elections
In Goa, southern India, residents of a small village in Cancona district, Marlem village refused to vote on April 23 in the third phase of the general elections, claiming that the government has become the problem in their village.
Their main complaint is that the needs and necessary services such as good roads and clean and safe water services have never been provided by the government.
The video of Social Media Spokesperson Devidas Gaonkar, the birth of Velip, shows the protest of villagers:
In this video, Pandurang Gaonkar, a resident of Marli village said that:
From Tirwal to Marlem is just three kilometers away but not completed.
As of today, no measures have been taken by the authorities.
They only give us false promises there is no implementation.
And for that reason, we won't vote.
Residents of Marlem village have lived in the village for more than 20 years now.
In 1968, the forest department declared Marlem as a safe place for wildlife.
This makes construction of roads or any development work in the region difficult to implement.
According to reports, the plan to approve the approval of an electricity ban for access to the area was approved but recently blocked due to censorship from the National Forest Department
Another source of the disaster of residents here is the lack of good roads.
A person is supposed to travel from the 2.8km highway in an unprepared and unprepared highway to find the first home in the village of Marlem.
Finally, the distribution of clean and safe electricity and water to villagers remains a challenge to villagers.
Despite repeated public complaints, but failed to meet their demands, Marlem residents and residents of two other villages decided not to vote to draw attention to the authorities over their complaints.
Electoral Commission staff came to talk to us about our decision to not vote and our position is there, he added Pandurang.
Isidore Fernandes, the opposition leader from the Indian National Congress which is a member of parliament in Cancona, also met with residents of the region.
After hearing their grievances he assured that he would help deal with the problem.
It is important for any government to build roads, supply electricity and water to their people.
So far all government officials have refused to provide these services in the village of Marlem, Fernandes said.
Voting has now been a way of strike, although voting is not necessary in India.
Unlike the village of Goa, villages in Madhya Pradesh Central, Maharashtra West, and Odisha East have been using this tactic to bring their important things to the heads of authorities.
However, no strike has been taken by the government.
Many voters have begun to use this tactic as a sign of anger for politicians and government officials who are angry at the communities that have suffered during the elections hoping to get their votes, failing to fulfill their promises after the elections.
But at the end, if the elections in Cameroon won't bring a change to society, what will the communities decide to do to attract the ears of the authorities who have to hear their voices and take action?
Journalist Amade Abubacar.
Credit: caiccajuda/Youtube.
Journalists Amade Abubacar and German Adriano, who were arrested earlier this year while collecting news about a military crisis in the northern part of Mozambique, were released without trial on April 23, 2019.
Amade, who has been contributing to news outlets such as Zitamar News and A Carta, was arrested on January 5 during an interview with local refugees from the Macopia district in the northern province of Cabo Delgado.
Germanano, a journalist for social radio station Nacedje, disappeared on February 6 and was arrested on February 18.
According to reports from the South African Press Federation (MISA), Amade and Germanano were charged with spreading news of harassment to some of the leaders of the Mozambique Civil Army on their Facebook pages where they announced the beginning of the clashes in the villages of the Macomia district.
The journalists were released from Mieze Prison in Pemba, the capital city of Cabo Delgado and are under vigil while awaiting trial at a residential judge's court in Cabo Delgado.
The case is scheduled for the first hearing on May 17.
Since 2017, armed groups like visu have been attacking the villages of Cabo Delgado, burning houses and kidnapping residents.
More than 90 people have been killed since the start of the attacks according to police reports.
As of today, no group has emerged publicly to admit responsibility for the attacks.
In December 2018, the newspaper A Carta de Moçambique highlighted the presence of a Facebook page, named as a fake page covering the attacks of armed groups in Cabo Delgado.
It is unclear whether the charges against Amade and Germanano are related to the page.
The journalists' advocacy team argues that there is no connection between them and the page or any other crime taking place on Facebook pages.
The charges against these journalists have been filled with a lot of misunderstandings.
After Amade was arrested, the police placed him under the civilian Army's custody.
He was detained in a military prison where he spent 12 days without any contact and then transferred to a civil prison.
These journalists were only charged on April 16, violating the last 90 days orders, contrary to Mozambique's arrest and detention law, in the case of Abubacar.
During the trial during their detention period, all journalists were convicted of criminalizing government secrets on social media and intimidating the public through digital means.
These charges are contrary to the initial charges filed against them, in which MISA translated it as spreading messages of harassment to some Mozambique's military officials via a Facebook page that covered the attacks on people in the villages of the Macopia district.
During his 106 days in prison, Abubacar faced food shortage and medical restrictions, according to a report by Amnesty International.
His family told @Verdade that he was banned from visiting Abubacar during his detention.
What happened to these journalists is part of continued violence against media workers in northern Mozambique.
Independent investigative journalist Estácio Valoi was arrested in December 2018, as well as in Cabo Delgado for misunderstood legal reasons.
He was later released without charges, but his equipment remained in the hands of the army.
Appeal for Justice
Cídia Chissungo, activist and activist of the #AmedeAwekweFree campaign celebrated the news by saying:
#AmadeAbubacar and #GramanoAdriano are finally OK after being detained for 4 months.
We really celebrate but we will not forget how everything started.
We have since stated that: Journalism is not a crime.
Join us in
Angela Quintal, Managing Director of the Committee to Protect Journalists (CPJ), Africa Region said:
Now it is to make sure the charges are being filed beyond #AmadeAbubacar can continue his journalism without fear of being arrested.
The fact is that he has tolerated his detention without trial for 106 days before his bail, not his abuse.
It is worthy of trial!
A photo of the Iranian Revolutionary Leader Imam Khomeini on the wall of a building in Sanandaj, in Iran's main police in Kurdistan is seen on the door.
Photo by Jorge Boixareu.
Copyright Demotix
Co-founder of Global Voices Ethan Zuckerman has described them as a bridge for people who want to share their home culture with people from other communities.
The idea was created through a coronavirus system within Global Voices and describes the great role and culture of society.
Since our work is aimed at bridging the gap between external views on Iran and the real within the country itself, Global Voices Iran has started a series of interviews with Iranian author and writers who will do so.
These interviews will be held to understand how and how these people did their work by describing the Iranian outside community about Iran despite the difficulty and controversy in describing it.
Golnaz Esfandiari: I think the use of social media in Iran and its benefits are growing
Golnaz Esfandiari is the leading broadcaster at Radio Free Europe/Radio Liberty, and one of the few journalists based outside Iran writing in English about the problems and challenges of Iranian society and politics.
Photo used with permission by Golnaz Esfandiari.
Read more: Conversation with Golnaz Esfandiari, Media engineering in English
In an interview with Global Voices, he said:
I think the use of social media in Iran has increased and its benefits have also increased.
Officials are acknowledging that and I also see a lot of people in the country using social media.
I think since 2009, the use of social media has grown significantly.
Some Iranians told me that they have joined Twitter after reading about the allegations of the Iranian Revolution.
Social media helps to talk and share content that are blocked or seen as shameful and people are discussing openly.
People are also often criticizing government policies and attitudes on social media.
Kelly Golnoush Niknejad: You should be a journalist, a psychologist, a professor and a reader of people at the same time
Iran's media investor Kelly Golnoush Niknejad, founder of The Guardian's Tehran Institute, writes about Iran and Iranians missing.
The project is one of the leading sources that gives a different view of the country in political, cultural and people matters.
Photo by Kelly Golnoush Niknejad and used with permission.
Read more: How Kelly Golnoush Niknejad Tehran Institute connects Iran to the West.
In the negative attitude of the non-Irani people towards Iran, he explains:
When it comes to Iran, I always find myself going back until 1979 and describing the change that happened a long after a long time to make sense for the present time.
Sometimes it is too difficult even for Iranians to understand what is happening in Iran to be non-Irani.
This shows how important it is to breathe Iranians, putting them on a specific track of ordinary people’s lives.
arriving in the country by providing information to only authorized scholars is not a crucial or crucial point for us as journalists.
That's why even the very careful people who follow the news do not understand the basic things that are happening in Iran.
Of course if they follow the report from the Tehran Institute they will get a very different point of view.
I have ansary: I believe women will be on the forefront of any change in Iran
I have Ansary is a practitioner of the God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-God-G
Books of Allah's favor
The book explains how women have been able to build Iran's current history and continue to do so, as they continue to deal with the principles of their rights and equality in societies that have originally repressed them.
Read more: Conversation with Iranian Journalist Fighting for Women's Equality I have Ansary on Revolution Eve
Ansary said he had a positive view of Iran's tomorrow and the role of a woman in it:
and it's because I saw their return.
And this is because female activists did not get a sure answer: women were not allowed to be judges but are now serving as investigative judges.
Women were not allowed to read some fanies, but for several years they managed to run into fanies that were dominated by more men such as therapy and engineering.
I look very cautiously at the positive, but I believe women will be on the forefront of any change in Iran.
Saeed Kamali Dehghan: They see Iran as a black and white image but Iran is not.
It's like a rainfall.
With more than 800 articles related to Iran, Saeed Kamali Dehghan is The Guardian's first volunteer author to write about Iran and one of the few Iranians employed by a major English-language news company.
Photo used with permission by Saeed Kamali Dehghan.
Many of his reports are related to human rights violations in Iran, but as he said in a telephone interview, the biggest problem with the Western media is that they see Iran as a black and white image but Iran is not.
Iran is like a rainfall, colorful
Read more: Saeed Kamali Dehghan writing for Iran in The Guardian
In the difficulty of writing a country he is emotional opposed to, Saeed explains that:
As an Iranian I have my feelings about the country, but when I write about it I try to sit down a bit to remove preferences.
But I am allowed to express my thoughts while writing the opposite story and I have been doing something like that.
I wrote about why Canada misunderstood Iran and this led the then foreign minister to accuse me on Twitter of being exploited by Iranian authorities.
I have been attacked by some people who have accused me of being served by Iranians and others have accused me of serving the UK.
I believe this is a sign that I do my job properly.
Omid Memarian: Translating your anger into something constructive and not personal is an art
Omid Memarian, an Iranian journalist based in New York.
Omid Memarian is a well-known former journalist in Iran and now works in the United States and has been writing about Iran for users in both English and Jamaican.
Our interview sought to know the difference in writing stories about Iran to different languages and his experience as an Iranian local and foreign journalist.
Read more: Iranian journalist Omid Memarian
Memarian describes his writing and reporting experience in Iranian community as follows:
While and still there are people in Iran who believe in empowering social communities, political parties and press freedom, the Islamic government can change quickly from within.
On the other hand, there are other forces fighting to prove that it is impossible and one way is to make the environment so dangerous that no one will dare to remain doing what he is doing.
When I insisted on continuing to do what I was doing, writing encouraged me about the things I thought I was arrested and sent to prison.
Hooman Majd: Iran has no unique difference: the unique here is that most people don't know much about Iran.
We are now on the rise of US foreign policy.
A few weeks ahead of the Obama administration, the United States is likely to abandon its long-term deal with its long-time enemy, Iran's Islamic glory.
In the Donald Trump's presidential twins that show will be the most brutal and brutal one, I think it's time to sit down with journalists and educators Hooman Majd.
His books, articles and publications describe the Iranian tragedy which has been widely seen in mainstream US media during the Bush period, when the Iranian government brutality became the main symbol of the early 2000s in foreign policy and the media's view of Iran.
Hooman Majd has been known as the voice of Iran for the West.
Image of Majd by Ken Browar, used with permission.
Read more: Conversation with Hooman Majd, a bridge between Iranian and US media.
As an Iranian misconduct has brought a lesson since his book in 2008 that aims to protest the Iranian society's misconduct for US readers:
Ahmadinejad was the first to be open to the media, which was the first source of negative news.
But Iranians of American descent and Iranians of European descent have written a lot about their culture in recent times, and there is also a lot of journey between Iran and the United States and Iranians of American descent and Iranians of American descent.
Now they understand a bit well and there are a lot of books.
Iran is not a unique pioneer: but the only thing is that most people don't know much about Iran.
Protesters in Rio de Janeiro: Education is our weapon
On May 15, thousands of Brazilians took to the streets in all 26 states protesting against the Bolsonaro government cut funds that will affect hundreds of schools and universities.
In late April, the Brazilian government announced a 30-per cent cut of what is said to be the budget for water, electricity, general operation and research.
While it translates to the total government budget for higher education, it can reach up to three or five percent.
However, the government has sought scholarship for the approximately 3,500 university students who were sponsored by the government.
From Paulista Street in São Paulo, a center of demonstrations to indigenous farms in Alto Rio Negro, near the Colombian border, people went out to defend public education.
In Viçosa, Minas Gerais, a group of about 5,000 people marched with flooding and heavy rains.
A photo showing a large crowd of protesters in the Paulista Street of São Paulo protesting the income of funds for education and scientific research. #15M #TodosPela elimu #Tsunamida elimu #NaRuaPela elimu #MarchaPela Ciência pic.twitter.com/BmHEYBuF9F
https://globalvoices.org/wp- content/uploads/2019/05/WhatsApp- Video-2019-05-15-at-21.00.30.mp4
Brazil has 69 public universities and a large number of government universities and both provide free Ph.D. and Ph.D. free of charge with some social services such as legal consultative offices and hospitals.
Earlier, the income was done at three universities but baadayr was conducted at all other universities.
Bolsonaro's Minister of Education Abraham Weintraub said that it is not income but abuse.
Weintraub explained that there are revenue because public universities are part of the destruction.
When asked by journalists he explained examples of the destructionWhen he mentioned the presence of massive social gatherings in the school as well as the presence of a celebration of blind people.
Weintraub was appointed minister in early April after a temporary resident was removed because of his involvement in some of the conflicts.
The new minister has always been commenting on right-wing policies such as drug recognition in Brazil as a communist strategy, and he wants to abolish the U-Marx culture.
Some university heads have said the bills could prevent them from opening their doors early in the 2019 second term.
The prosecutor's office has sent a report to the attorney-general complaining that it is a violation of the Brazilian constitution.
Rio de Janeiro looks WORY!
Hundreds and thousands hold Avenida Presidente Vargas at night.When you enter against the income of the education and science budget.#15M #TodosPela education #Tsunamida education #NaRuaPela education pic.twitter.com/8MIn91crKX
Researchers from the University of Minas Gerais (UFMG) who are researching WhatsApp groups in Brazil have discovered a lot of conversations through the app after the announcement of a budget cut.
The research has created an application that will follow widely WhatsApp groups and be widely used by a news agency in Brazil.
The leading researcher Fabrcio Benevuto said on May 8 his Facebook page :
[Photo included] colourless images/publishments/incidents carried out due to headlines and topics.
There are pictures of people lying at the ceremony (which are not even.wish) and a number of jokes of protesters who say it takes 12 years to graduate because they go with drugs all the time.
This is clearly a target.
The same form of electoral campaign.
Who loves this fake news industry?
An article on the website Ciência na Rua ( street science in Portuguese) claims that public universities produce 95 percent of scientific research in Brazil.
A research carried out by Clarivate Analytics in the US in 2018 shows that out of 20 universities producing best research, 15 are part of the government's network.
On the day of the protest, Minister Weintraub was called to explain the budget cuts in the House of Representatives.
Bolsonaro is an enemy of education
Education is a act of love and courage #TsunamiDaEducacao pic.twitter.com/sEEOb5wDxz
Bolsonaro was later in the state of Texas in the United States where he met former US President George W. Bush.
When asked about the protest, the President said:
It's normal [as protests have happened], now, most of the people are a headless camp.
If you ask the answer 7 times, 8 times, they don't know.
If you know to ask them about the structure of the water they won't know, they don't know anything.
They are foolish and profitable ignorants and have been exploited by a few humble people leading several public universities in Brazil.
Ugandan journalist Gertrude Uwitware Tumusiime has described the tragedy as a female journalist in Uganda.
Screenshot from The Other side: Gertrude Uwitware We shared on YouTube.
In Uganda, women journalists who use digital devices to report, comment and access information are subjected to attacks and harassment because they investigate and publish critical political content.
Online speech has become a new tactic of censorship.
Women's journalists are carrying full charge of online gender-driven harassment as well as threats related to political coverage.
The ongoing threats have left female journalists withdraw from public debate and left the journalism more dominated by men.
Read more: It's expensive to have a different opinion: Uganda's social media trend
Joy Doreen Biira, journalist.
Photo by Muslims via Wikimedia Commons CC BY 3.0.
In November 2016, Ugandan journalist Joy Doreen Biira, who was working on Kenya Television Network (KTN) in Kenya, returned home for a traditional celebration.
While Biira was with them, Ugandan security forces clashed with the Rwenzururu kingdom's guards in the Rwenzori region in western Uganda, and their palace was burnt.
The shooting battle caused the death of 62 people, including 16 police.
Biira wrote his feelings about the attack by posting a comment on Facebook on November 27:
It's very sad what I've seen today with my own eyes part of the kingdom's message where I'm, the Rwenzururu Kingdom, defending it with fire.
I felt like I was watching heritage collapsed in front of my eyes.
On the same day, Biira was arrested and accused of sharing complex photos of the horrific clashes between the security forces and the king's guards of Rwenzururu to a multi-part WhatsApp group, according to Committee to Protect Journalists (CPIJ).
He also posted a Instagram video of the king's message in the fire and posted his story on Facebook, CPJ's report said.
Ugandan security officials were accused of forcing Ms. Biira to cancel publications on social media and her digital devices, according to a Freedom House 2018 report.
Biira was charged with supporting terrorism for taking a video of a military attack on the kingdom which is a death sentence under the anti-terrorism law if found guilty.
However, a day later, he was released on bail.
The Biira case sparked a lot of criticism on social media with the hashtags #FreeJoyDoreen and #JournalismIsNotaCrime.
The netizen accused Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni of silencing journalists:
#FreeJoyDoreen President @KagutaMuseveni should stop silencing journalists.
It is a violation of human rights in our country.
The Biira Deputy, Nicholas Opiyo, tweeted the official charges he was facing:
A copy of Joyanay's pledge for terrorist aid (shame!)
#journalism is not a crime @KT NKenya @KT NKenya #FreeJoyDoreen
Opiyo told Global Voices that the Biira case was dismissed and closed in March 2017 after the government conducted an investigation and lack of evidence to prosecute him.
Along with other cases like this, one burns a burden on himself but he feels harassment, injustice, and pain, said Opiyo, who is also the executive director of Chapter Four Uganda, a human rights organization.
Opiyo added that staying in jail for days and tolerating the pain of imprisonment is a feeling that never disappointed.
Online targeting attacks
It is rare for female cybercrime journalists to get justice, and it is often difficult to ensure that their complaints are seriously taken and processed.
In April 2017, Gertrude Tumusiime Uwitware, a TV broadcaster for NTV Uganda, defended Stella Nyanzi, an academic activist who criticized the Museveni administration for not fulfilling the campaign promises of distributing slums for poor girls.
The leaders urged Uwitware to delete its tweets and Facebook posts that support Nyanzi.
He was threatened on Facebook and kidnapped by unknown people for about 8 hours, according to a 2017 Uganda Human Rights Report.
Her kidnappers were allegedly questioned about her relationship with Nyanzi, hit her badly and even grabbed her hair.
Read more: Is female laughing a dirty word?
Women activist Stella Nyanzi continues to fight in court
Uwitware was later found at a police station in Kampala.
However, the government has not provided any information so far about the investigation of his kidnapping.
Political journalists especially those who broadcast opposition politics are often witnessing more threats than those who broadcast other issues.
But women journalists are in the worst situation because the government believes they are weak and more easily threatened, according to Mukose Arnold Anthony, Secretary for Media Security and Human Rights at the Uganda Journalists Association (UJA), who spoke to Global Voices via WhatsApp on April 3.
When it comes to online sexual harassment, female journalists who are afraid of being a minority tell their public that they end up using one word, Anthony said.
Women journalists will experience more psychological consequences, privacy violations, identity damages, restrictions, and abuse of property due to their work, according to a UNESCO study on freedom of expression in Africa published in 2018.
And, according to a 2018 Human Rights Network survey for Ugandan Journalists, 12% of female journalists have suffered abuse and abuse, including death threats and arrest.
Three rounds of female journalists have suffered injustice in the hands of government officials such as police, district chiefs and other security officials.
Attack and harassment
Ugandan journalist Bahati Remmy has been subjected to violence while working as a female journalist.
Photo via Bahati Remmy's Paydesk account, used with permission.
Bahati Remmy, a Ugandan female journalist who is currently working in the US, told Global Voices that she stopped working for journalism in Uganda because she felt disappointed after a horrific incident when she was broadcasting election reports in Uganda in 2016.
Ugandan police arrested Remmy while making a live broadcast on private-owned NBS to announce the house arrest of opposition leader Dr. Kizza Besigye in Kasangati.
Remmy told Global Voices:
The police raised an alarm as they prevented journalists from reporting on Besigye.
The police grabbed my tears in their car, pulled my clothes out of the bag and left me laughing in front of the camera, according to Remmy.
He was also traced and harassed by a police officer on Facebook because the Ugandan government thought he had collaborated with Besigye to take the country's image.
He told Global Voices that a text message from anonymous was left behind the door threatening to disappear if he refused to provide the secret of how Besigye is going to leave his home.
After Remmy's arrest case, the Uganda Journalists' Human Rights Network organized a referendum to assess the situation on the matter.
They asked: The Ugandan police claimed that NBS's Bahati Remmy violated the legal order and also prevented the police from doing their job to arrest him.
Do you agree with this?
Magambo Emmanuel wrote:
It's a weak reason and a lie because there's a video clip showing how Luati was arrested.
Police should stop reporting their problems to journalists.
Davide Lubuurwa wrote:
Anybody who tries to inform the people about the state of the country must be arrested.
Uganda is facing a serious problem recently.
What is disturbing is that anyone who tries to say something that does not support the current regime is treated as a rebel so it is a warning for the Ugandan people to run away.
Many female journalists in Uganda have abandoned journalism especially those who criticize the government for fear of being attacked and harassed by the government.
Journalists have explained that governments and security agencies call editors and urged them not to publish information that gives the government a negative look.
These attacks are not in particular by women who make it difficult to understand the reality of the problem.
Remmy dragged the Ugandan government to the Uganda Human Rights Commission, but so far, none has learned about his case.
The Commission lacks the necessary freedom to make decisions for those filing complaints against the government.
Seven members, including his chairman, are elected by the president, with the permission of Parliament.
They are preferred, Remmy said, adding: They have submissions, and most of the cases they want to hear are submitted by the government.
Many of the threats that women online journalists face are closely related to abuses against them offline.
Remmy believes that justice, status and dignity of female journalists should be always taken into account because attacks on women are suppressing the media as a whole.
When Uganda is preparing for the 2021 presidential and parliamentary elections, attacks and harassment of women and journalists should be stopped because it affects access to information, freedom of expression and democratic rights of Ugandans.
Journalist freedom remains a child being ignored in the country's system, Remmy told Global Voices.
This post is part of a series titled identity Question: a platform to regulate online threats against freedom of expression in Africa, these publications question hate statements that are identified or choose based on language or geographical backgrounds, bad news and harassment (especially against female activists and journalists) online in seven African countries: Algeria, Cameroon, Ethiopia, Nigeria, Sudan, Tunisia and Uganda.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation of the International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
The rocks of trees hanging on a 15th century wall on Kilwa Island, Tanzania.
In 1981, the island was declared a UNESCO World Heritage Site.
Photo by David Stanley, January 1, 2017, CC BY 2.0.
Editor's instructions: This personal post was written following a Twitter campaign organized by Global Voices Sub-Saharan Africa in collaboration with Rising Voices when every week, a different language activist shared his opinions about the interference of digital rights with African languages as part of the project, Anonymous strike: A threat to repression of online freedom of expression in Africa.
According to the United Nations Organization for Education, Science and Culture (UNESCO), the diversity of languages and cultures is strategically important for people around the world in the effort to strengthen social unity and unity.
This diversity in languages and cultures pressured UNESCO's global conference to announce International Mother Language Day (IMLD) in November 1999, a day commemorated on February 21 each year.
To strengthen the IMLD, the United Nations (UN) announced the International Year of Indigenous Languages (IYIL 2019), in consideration of the dangers of the global landslide of indigenous languages.
Today, there are more than 7,100 languages spoken worldwide, with 28 percent spoken only in Africa.
Despite this, English is leading online in the region.
Twenty years ago, 80 percent of online content was based on English.
Currently, however, English content is said to have decreased by 51 to 55 percent.
The short answer, therefore, is: does the decline mean that people are now more interested in their indigenous languages than English, given that only less than 15 percent of the world's population speaks English as their first language?
Kiswahili: Agriculture?
Swahili is recognized as one of the official languages of the African Union (AU), as well as English, Portuguese, French, Spanish and Arabic.
Swahili is also the common language of the East African Community (EAC).
Rwanda, an EAC member state, through its lower parliament, passed the proposal to make Swahili the official language in 2017 with both Rwandese, French and English.
Despite being used for government purposes, Swahili will be included in the country's education sector.
In Uganda, in September 2019, the government approved the establishment of a Swahili National Council.
Section 6 (2) of the Uganda Constitution also stipulates that Swahili will be the second official language in Uganda and used in the circumstances where Parliament can.
In 2018, South Africa, a country with 11 official languages, introduced Swahili as a volunteer lesson in its field, starting in 2020.
In 2019, the South African Development Community (SADC) approved Swahili as the fourth official language of the community.
A fine Swahili image Online
Photo by Rachel strohm, September 20, 2019, (CC BY-ND 2.0)
Despite being the most spoken African language, with about 150 million people especially in East Africa, the main milk region, in southern Somalia, and other parts of South Africa, Swahili online appearances are fine.
John Walubengo, a lecturer at the Multimedia University of Kenya, summarizes in his post at Nation, Kenya's daily magazine, that the lack of language and culture online creates a community with a small world view.
Walubengo explains that many indigenous cultures end up completing their identity with English-language practices.
This sad fact however can only change if local communities struggle to preserve their identity both online and offline, he says.
However, it's not all to deny us.
There are several organizations dedicated to developing and promoting Swahili online.
The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers
(IC CNN), an international organization with a lot of stakeholders regulating the Network Names System (DNS), IP addresses (IP) and free system symbols, created International Regional Names (IDNs), which allows people to use regional names in indigenous languages and indigenous texts. In fact, they are created using hashtags from different texts, such as Arabic, Chinese, or Cyrillic.
These characteristics are then singed by Unicode degrees and used as permitted by IDN regions, a set of degrees specified by the Internet Profitals Board (IAB), and its small-scale groups; the Internet Engineering Labor Commission (IETF) and the Internet Research Commission (IRTF).
The Universal Acceptance Steering Group (UASG)
UASG is a community of industry leaders, led by IC CNN, which organizes an online community for the next one billion followers.
This is being achieved through a process known as the UA, which ensures that programmes and networks handle all TLDs and emails respectively in a consistent manner as well as those in non-Latin text and which are more than three halves.
UA serves netizens around the world in their indigenous languages and in the names of regions that recognize their culture.
So, to expand the multi-lingual network.
IC CNN Wiki
The non-profit organization providing a community-driven wiki page on IC CNN and Internet Governance, has long collaborated with organizations, educational institutions and individuals in Kenya and Tanzania.
This has enabled East Africans to build, translate and add weekly resources to their vision, language and perspective.
This Swahili project that I as a writer have been able to officially engage in has blocked the scale of information related to the web administration by encouraging the content of IC CNN Wiki to promote participation in targeted communities.
Localization Lab
Localization Lab, is an international community with volunteer participants who advocate for the interpretation and compliance of guidelines for use and digital security equipment such as TOR, Signal, Ooni, Psiphon.
These technologies promote safety, privacy, and security by ensuring that indigenous-language activists are safe to access information online.
Localization Lab has translated more than 60 devices into 180 different languages around the world,
Remove Community Network (KCN)
KCN is the first community to test TVWS wave technology, a non-connected technology that uses unused radio waves within 470 to 790 MHz metres to solve the challenges of rural internet connectivity in Tanzania.
KCN teaches villagers to create and host original useful content and context.
Crisis Jabhera, the founder of KCN and assistant lecturer at the University of Yanga, Tanzania, told Global Voices via Skype, that he believes original content encourages more people outside the internet to get online because they can understand their original information [] compared to the current situation when most content is in English.
Billions of followers online
The world is expected to connect the next billion netizens and 17 million are estimated to be connected online using languages as their digital identity.
Therefore, the absence of original content may have a significant impact on digital inclusion.
Obviously, it affects digital rights, access to the internet, the right to access information online, and the right to use their language to create, share, and share information and knowledge online.
It is also important to set up strategies that will continue to develop ICT programmes and services, as well as the use of indigenous languages, to ensure digital integration for all.
This move, with special efforts such as the introduction of learning and learning tools, and programmes for reading and writing ICT in rural areas, can trigger a digital revolution, thus promoting digital rights for netizens and stopping the digital division gap.
Finally, this process will accelerate the protection, respect and promotion of all African languages and minor languages online as achieved in the African Declaration on Internet Rights and Freedom principles.
The logic ID project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation run by the International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA)
TEDGlobal Internet room.
Creative Commons Photo by Flickr user Erik (HASH) Hersman, June 3, 2007.
(CC BY 2.0)
Global Voices, through its Sub-Saharan Africa authors in collaboration with Rising Voices, will run a Twitter campaign as part of a project known as, identifying: a platform to regulate online threats to freedom of expression in Africa, from April 20 to May 22, 2020.
Read more: CrisisID': A new digital rights project in Africa
As a continuation of Journalism Going to Freedom: Digital Politics and Rights in Africa, this five-week social media campaign will involve a discussion organized by @GVSSAfrica involving five African-language activists, who will promote the language balance and digital rights.
The project is funded by the African Digital Rights Foundation run by International ICT Policy Cooperation for East and South Africa (CIPESA).
Global Voices is one of the beneficiaries.
The activists will tweet in African languages such as Barbaric, Igbo, Hoekhoe, Nigerian, Kiswahili, Arabic, as well as French and English.
They will also be able to share their experiences and personal understanding from a linguistic perspective about the challenges threatening digital rights.
The conversation will question how the threat of indifference online affects African-language online content; the implementation of misinformation in African-language languages in different online languages and what companies or social organisations do about it; the impact of the lack of cheap internet in areas with larger African-language speakers; the importance and challenges of the right to access information in African-language digital languages.
They will also highlight organizational policies, as well as the ongoing challenges that could affect citizens’ ability to express themselves freely in their language.
Conversation with the interviews on Twitter
This Twitter discussion will be submitted by Denver Toroxa Breda (Khoekhoe/N Western/English) from South Africa, Adéṣínà Ghani Ayẹni (Earuba/English) from Nigeria, Kpénahi Traoré (Bambara/French) from Burkina Faso, Roseblossom Ozurumba (Igbo/English) from Nigeria and Bonface Witaba (Swahili/English) from Kenya.
Some of the participants participated in the online campaign @DigiAfricanLang to mark the International Year of Indigenous Languages 2019.
April 20-24: Denver Toroxa Breda (@ToroxaD)
Denver Toroxa Breda.
Photo used with permission.
Breda, a Korean speaker, who has a poetry culture or activist, is a writer fighting for the adoption of the Korean and Arabic languages, the first two languages in South Africa.
Khoekhoe is spoken in Namibia, read in schools, but in South Africa where it is the epicenter, only 2,000 people speak, not the official language, not in school.
Chinese has only one village speaker, not the official language, and schools, and is a language at risk of disappearance.
Kpénahi Traoré.
Photo used with permission.
April 27, May 1: Kpénahi Traoré (@kpenahiss)
Kpénahi Traoré was born in Côte d'Ivoire but was born in Burkina Faso.
He is the editor-in-chief of RFI Mandenkan, a BBC newsroom at Radio France Internationale (RFI).
It has been a good experience for Traoré to work in Kibambra.
Before that, he thought it would be impossible to do journalism in Kibambra.
Kisamogo was the mother language of Traoré, although he had the language called Kidioula in Côte d'Ivoire and Burkina Faso.
Those who call it Kibambara, Ugandans call it Kimalinke, others call it Kimandingo.
May 5-8: Blossom Ozurumba (@blossomozurumba)
Blossom Ozurumba.
Photo used with permission.
Ozurumba is also known as Asampete, a name that can be translated from Igbo means that is good.
Ozurumba enjoys the language and culture of the Igbos and has volunteered to ensure that some people learn to speak, write and read somewhat.
Ozurumba is the founder of a good Wikimedia user group and has often started a conversation about Wikimedia Foundation without pressure.
She lives in Abuja, Nigeria, and loves the calm and the feeling of the graduation of the city.
May 11-15: Mr Yoòbá (@yobamoodua)
Adéṣina Ayéni.
Photo used with permission
Adéṣínà Ayẹni, also known as Ọmọ Yoòbá, is a journalist and cultural editor who uses his journalism work to promote the preservation, and distribution of the Arab culture online and offline.
As a voice artist, he has produced many Arabic broadcasts of Nigerian radio and TVC campaigns.
He is the founder of the Yobamoodua Heritage, a platform dedicated to spreading the Arab language and culture.
Ọmọ Yoòbá is also the language manager of Global Voices Yorùbá.
He is a Arabic language teacher at tribalingua.com where he teaches students from far from the world.
He has also worked with Localization Lab, an international community of volunteer translators and netizens, computer software creators, and computers who work together to translate and integrate digital security devices and countries to avoid blocking or interruption.
Mr. Yoòbá has written a book titled: The Year of the Year, a collection of paintings titled anatomy and the structure of the human and plant body that performs a surprising role in every part of the body.
He is a researcher at Firebird Foundation for Anthropological Research.
May 18-22: Bonface Witaba (@bswitaba)
Bonface Witaba.
Photo used with permission.
A writer, natural content creator and activist, student, researcher, and consultant on web governance and policy issues.
He is the founder of IC CNN Wiki Swahili, a website dedicated to promoting, translating, translating, articles and 10,000 web governance programmes to the Swahili language for 150 million Swahili speakers by 2020.
Witaba also runs a youth project aimed at building the capabilities of students, scholars, and individuals in the private sector and; in the government, through professional courses on online governance.
Protesters demanding the removal of former president Robert Mugabe (who is now a martyr) from office on November 18, 2017.
Photo by Flickr user Zimbabwean-eyes (Free use).
Earlier in the morning of November 15, 2017, Zimbabweans woke up with the news that the former widow, the late Robert Mugabe, had been expelled from office during the coup, and was detained in his home, the House, and his family.
Major General Sibusiso Moyo, who is currently the Minister of Foreign Affairs, announced on national television that the president was safe under state security and that the situation was at another level.
Shortly after the General Moyo's announcement, Zimbabweans went viral on social media especially WhatsApp, Twitter and Facebook to get updates on the situation.
For the first time, the new popularity of social media to facilitate access to information and promote protests raised roots among Zimbabweans, as protesters took to the streets and helped call for Mugabe's removal.
The new government, led by Emmerson Dambudzo Mnangagwa, reiterated the power of social media.
As the former minister of state security, Mnangagwa also recognized the importance and place of misinformation in Zimbabwe's political spheres.
In March 2018, in recognition of his political power and to ensure victory in the presidential and parliamentary elections the following year, Mnangagwa ordered the youth union of the ruling ZANU PF (Zimbabwe National Union-Patriotic Front) to get involved on social networks and harass and attack opponents.
In Zimbabwe after Mugabe, his plan has ended a crisis of fraud and fake information, leaving Zimbabweans with a few reliable sources of information and knowledge about the transitional and anti-government protests.
While the new government claimed to condemn fake news for information circulating on social media that they viewed as a threat to the current administration, it also made the public mislead about how it did the anti-government protests.
The petition on online freedom of expression
Zimbabwe has witnessed a significant increase in Internet use on mobile phones and social media in the past few years.
The spread of the internet increased by 41.1 percent, from 11 percent of the population to 52.1 percent between 2010 and 2018, while the spread of mobile phones increased by 43.8 percent from 58.8 percent to 102.7 percent in the same period.
This means half of the population is now connected to the internet, compared to only 11 percent in 2010.
Nevertheless, misinformation and false information have also been disturbing for several reasons: high media division, government proposals to regulate social media, poor formals of communication and poor education among Internet users.
During the January 2019 anti-government protests, when government security forces arrested and attacked hundreds of protesters, the news of the repression was contrary to the government's claims that it was false or denied its presence.
The government blocked access to the internet in order to interfere with the flow of information and therefore raised a lot of controversy.
Government leaders and their supporters also used misinformation about the protests and raised doubts about any fake information by rubbering the name of fake news.
In Zimbabwe, citizens usually consider any information submitted by government ministers as correct.
For instance, the Deputy Minister of Information Energy Mutodi came to convince people that everything was right and that the videos and photos of the soldiers on the streets were made by a few thieves.
Mutodi continued to mislead the nation when he claimed on the national television that there was no Internet censorship but Internet solidarity.
In another suspected misinformation supported by the government, millions of people were blocked on social media during the January protest.
Others recovered the virtual Private Network (VPN) to keep reporting, but information was circulated that the recovering could lead to their arrest, raising fear and anxiety.
In March 2019, when Human Rights Watch (HRW) tweeted a report condemning the brutal use of the government to control the January 2019 protests, government supporters used Twitter to disclose and attack HRW.
One user tweeted that the organization was spreading lies publicly and called it a prominent colonialism that was given to pressure innocent countries to the cyber interests of the United States.
Another reiterated the government's allegations and alleged that the violence was the result of the thieves who were trying to [sic] insult the president.
And misunderstandings about government policies and other events of public interest have continued to escalate after the January protests.
Recently, members of the ruling ZANU PF took to Twitter to mislead the public about the disappearance of Dr. Peter Magombey, the vice president of the ZHDA.
He was kidnapped on September 14, 2019, following the announcement of a strike in the health sector.
The ZANU PF Secretary for Youth Affairs described Magombey as a humble and oppressive person.
The account ZANU PF Patriots said the reports of his kidnapping were false.
Others spread false allegations that doctors killed many patients following the strike, including more than 500 people in one hospital.
The story of Zimbabwe
Media censorship in Zimbabwe is a milestone in the 20th century's colonial policies, which were blamed for violent expression in front of political authorities.
The Rhodesian government led by Ian Smith focused on propaganda and censorship as its best weapon, not only to shut down the government's legitimacy but also to spread misinformation about the war.
The colonial government passed a large number of laws to repress or oppose Smith's discriminatory policies and violently implemented these laws to target rescue leaders.
censorship of the media was a normal situation before independence in 1980, and this was a model for the government in terms of communication policies and censorship of the media in the years that followed.
As prominent South African journalist and journalist Heidi Holland wrote in his book, Dinner with Mugabe: The Untold Story of a Freedom Fighter who Became a Tyrant:
Many people in the ZANU PF activism have lived in the brutality of their daily lives so much that it seems to be normal.
The Civil War, or the Second Western War, has never ended in Zimbabwe.
Today, Mnangagwa continues this legacy, repressing the voices of critics through poor online information techniques and cyberbullying.
This post is part of a series of publications investigating digital rights violations through tactics such as internet shutdowns and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Protesters participating in June 2018 Women's March in Kampala, Uganda.
Photo by Katumba Badru, used with permission.
In Uganda, the Internet has become a threat of confrontation as the government is trying to silence the growing voices of opposition online.
For many years, Ugandan authorities have used different tactics to suppress the opposition and bring the ruling National Resistance Movement and President Yoweri Museveni back to power.
This includes blocking media sites, blocking SMSs and blocking social media platforms.
As the 2021 Uganda General Election approaches, government officials are expected to develop similar tactics.
Prison during 2016 elections
During the 2016 general elections, Ugandan leaders were forced to double block all social media platforms.
The first arrest took place on February 18, 2016, during the eve of the presidential election, affecting social media platforms and mobile money delivery services.
The ban lasted for a total of four days.
On May 11, 2016, social media platforms, including Facebook, WhatsApp and Twitter, and mobile money services were again shut down.
The one-day jail was held a day before President Museveni was announced for his fifth term as president.
Museveni has been in power since 1986.
The protest against his leadership continues: According to a referendum released in April 2019, the majority of Ugandans are opposed to the 2017 decision to remove the 75-year term limit, which would allow the 74-year-old president to contest again in the 2021 elections.
During all the 2016 lockdown incidents, the Ugandan government described the cause as national security to control the Internet.
The censorship was ordered by the Ugandan security agencies and the Uganda Communications Commission (UCC), which controls the sectors of communication, online publication, broadcasting (every radio and television), film industry, post services, email distribution and flights.
On February 18, 2016, MTN Uganda, a telecommunications service provider, tweeted confirming that the UCC, had ordered MTN to block all social media services and telecommunications services due to public security threats.
The order also affected other telecommunications companies such as Airtel, Smile, Vodafone, and Africel.
On the same day, President Museveni told journalists that he ordered social media shutdowns: A security measure must be taken to prevent more people from entering the tables, for a short period because some people are using these methods to say lies, he said.
On March 17, in an official statement during the ruling of the Supreme Court where President Museveni’s victory was denied, UCC executive director Godfrey Mutabazi explained that he received an order from the Inspector General of Police, Kale Kayihura, to block social media sites and mobile money delivery services for security reasons.
The jail interfered with the rights and daily lives of Ugandans who use the internet and social media platforms to get information, express their opinions and do their daily business.
weeks before the 2016 elections, Ugandans volunteered to publish and discuss the elections using the hashtags #UgandaDecides and # UGDebate16.
The level of Ugandan online participation was inspired by the first presidential debate ever broadcast on television, the first in January and the second, a week later.
Despite social media shutdowns, many Ugandans continued to share information about the elections using a personal web address known as a VPN.
On the election day, citizens were able to participate in what they were doing about the delay in remote polling equipment, election fraud, and the timely impact of social media fraud.
Human rights activists say that strategic lockdown during elections decreases the speed of communication, while access to information and public opinion is critical.
Internet shutdowns prevent people from talking about affected issues, such as health, interference, and exchange of political opinions, Moses Owiny, the chief official of the Center for Multilateral Affairs, an independent policy analysis platform operating in Uganda and Tanzania, told Global Voices in an interview.
According to Owiny, the jail is meant to curb political opposition on the basis of government fears that citizen opinions can inspire the public, a claim he believes has no real basis but a prediction.
Uganda's history of closing online platforms and websites
On April 14, 2011, the UCC ordered Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to suspend access to Facebook and Twitter for 24 hours to curb connectivity and exchange of information.
The order was issued during a small walk to work protest led by the opposition following the rise in fuel and food prices.
The telecommunications authority said that security forces requested a block of social media to prevent violence.
In 2011, the elections were met by SMSs with words including Egypt, bullet and people power.
In the direction of the 2006 general elections, the UCC ordered Internet service providers (ISPs) to block access to the Radio Katwe website by publishing fake and fake news against the ruling National Resistance Movement and its presidential candidate, according to the 2015 Collaboration Policy on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Ugandan authorities blocked access to the radio station's broadcasts and the Daily Monitor's website by publishing independent election results.
The platforms were quickly rebuilt but only after the Electoral Commission announced the official results.
2021 elections: those tactics?
President Museveni in May 2013.
He has been in power since 1986.
Photo: Foreign and Commonwealth Office on Flickr [CC BY 2.0]. Since 2016, the government has continued to arrest opposition politicians and journalists.
Robert Kyagulanyi, popularly known as Bobi Wine, an opposition singer and leader of the People's Power, who is also a member of parliament, has already announced his intention to contest for the presidency.
Bobi Wine is currently facing criminal charges for insulting the president and if found guilty, he is not allowed to prosecute.
According to Human Rights Watch, in 2018 the regime targeted six opposition MPs including Bobi Wine and Francis Zaake, before the August 15 by-elections in Arua (northern Uganda).
The police and the army arrested the group and 28 others on August 13, 2018, and charged them with sedition.
They were later released on bail.
On the same day, police also arrested two journalists, Herber Zziwa and Ronald Muwanga, who were reporting on the election and the violence associated with the election, including the brutal shooting of Bobi Wine driver by the army.
Read more: #FreeBobiWine: Protests mount over torture and arrest of a young political force in Uganda
As the 2021 elections approach, the Ugandan government is more likely to continue to repress the opposition, including shutdowns on social media.
Indeed, since the 2016 elections, there have been no changes in the legal framework that allows the government to restrict the right to freedom of expression and access to online information.
According to the 2016 State of Internet Freedom in Africa report, the 2013 Communications Act gives the UCC more power and works under Section 5 which allows telecommunications regulators to monitor, select, license, manage, and regulate telecommunications services and provide standards, surveillance, and implementation of data-related surveillance.
In a government request, the UCC used this section to order Internet Service Providers (ISPs) to block access to social media and mobile money during the 2016 elections.
The government continues to use these laws to regulate public debate and force political opponents, especially during elections.
Owiny argues that the government has the ability to shut down the net whenever it appears there is the same importance: when the security of the government and its citizens interferes, and when the security of the government is threatened, the security of the government and its suppliers will be given priority.
Non-governmental organizations and human rights advocates have been preparing in Uganda for the 2016 closure.
Several organizations wrote a joint letter to the African Community and regional organisations calling for condemnation of the Ugandan government's decision to block internet access during the 2016 elections.
The Unwanted Witness Uganda brought the Ugandan government, as well as the Internet Service Providers (ISPs) and Communications Regulator (UCC), to court, in a case filed in September 2016.
The organization noted that the government-planned internet blocking violated Ugandans' right to freedom of expression as defined in Section 29 (1) of the 1995 Constitution.
However, the judge ruled that the prosecutor failed to prove any violations caused by the closure, Unwanted Witness told Global Voices.
Making online shutdowns especially during the upcoming elections will require more protection.
Owiny suggested the need for digital rights activists to intensify negotiations between the government and the private sector to present the negative effects of closure because the private sector is worried by the government.
Uganda was one of the first countries in Africa to pass the Access to Information Act (ATIA), in 2005.
The law promises to provide efficiency, ease, transparency and accountability that will allow the public to easily access and participate in decisions that affect them as citizens.
Will the government fulfill its responsibility to promote the right to access to information?
And! does he fulfill his promises?
This post is part of a series of publications investigating digital rights violations through tactics such as internet shutdowns and misinformation during important political events in seven African countries: Algeria, Ethiopia, Mozambique, Nigeria, Tunisia, Uganda, and Zimbabwe.
The project is funded by the Africa Digital Rights Fund of The Collaboration on International ICT Policy for East and Southern Africa (CIPESA).
Students from DCMA School performing a multi-customs exercise at the Old Customs Building, Kongwe City, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
Thousands of visitors travel to Kongwe City, Zanzibar, an old city known for its greatest history, watching a sound of music broadcast from DCMA, a music school that aims to promote and promote popular pop music on the island and other parts of the Indian Sea.
Since 2002, the school has been spreading and cultivating the unique Zanzibar culture that combines Arab, Indian and African cultures through music.
17 years since the establishment of the school, it is now clearly facing the financial crisis threatening its closure.
Nearly 70 percent of 80 percent of students in the school are unable to pay fees, which amount to US$13 per month, according to the official public DCMA report.
Although the school has been receiving aid from international donors and friendly organisations, it is currently facing a huge request to close its chairs and leave the historic building in Zanzibar, known as the Old Customs House.
Without quick funding to enable her operations continue, DCMA students and teachers are concerned that the voices sending them out of the roofs of the building and making the islands entertaining art may stop.
The school is not only teaching and promoting traditional culture and heritage through music, but also born by a large group of young musicians looking for alternative ways to live their lives through art.
A DCMA student learnt to play an indigenous taarab music instrument.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
We've started coping with the financial situation, says Alessia Lombardo, the Managing Director of DCMA, in the official DCMA video.
From now to the next six months, we are not sure that we can pay the salaries for teachers and other staff members.
Currently, 19 elite teachers and a few other workers have not been paid their salaries for more than six months because the school has been struggling to get aid from friends while trying to create a sustainable system of income for the school’s management.
Although the islands are well-known for attracting many tourists for having big hotels and hotels, many residents are saddened by high unemployment although data released by the World Bank indicate that poverty is slightly reduced on the island.
For more than 17 years, DCMA has worked hard to promote and protect Zanzibar's vast heritage through music.
Whether it was the birth place of a taarab music village by prominent singers Siti Binti Saad and Fatuma Binti Baraka, or Ms.
Kidude, Zanzibar is the home of a music park that emerged through cultural mixture and collaboration between the Pwani Swahili over the past hundreds of years.
Today, students can learn traditional music such as taarab, goma and kidumbak, as well as other tools such as goma, sheria and oud, as guards and traders of culture and traditions.
Neema Surri, a violin player at DCMA, has been learning how to play the instrument since he was 9 years old.
I know a lot of young people who want to learn music but can't pay a small fee on the case of poverty and unemployment, Surri said in a DCMA video.
DCMA students exercise at Old Customs House, their school, Mkongwe City, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
After completing DCMA workshops, Astashahada and Stashahada courses, many DCMA students may work on international platforms as prestigious band and independent artists.
Z Zanzibar Amina Omar Juma, a former DCMA student and a current DCMA teacher, recently returned from a visit to South Africa along with her award-winning band Siti and her band, known for linking roots for mixing traditional Arabic voices with modern Arabic voices.
Also, in collaboration with fellow fans, who are also former DCMA students, he released his first hit, Fusing the Roots, in 2018, continuing to perform on Voice of wisdom, the largest music festival in East Africa, the same year.
Here you can listen to the band's song I understand and her video, showing the effect of Zanzibar to tell the story of a woman facing domestic violence and the dream of a music life, such as the story of Omar Juma's personal life:
Read more: Women in East Africa in the Music field singing Against Men’s censorship
History of cultural interaction and collaboration
More than 15,000 visitors have gone through the school building to enjoy commercial shows, workshops and classrooms as well as meetings with DCMA musicians who share the future of Zanzibar's culture and heritage, according to DCMA.
With signs of India, Arabic and African history, the school is pleased to be the result of a multi-national culture, with a culture linked to the Indian Sea and the Gulf.
The Sultan of Omani, a prominent king between the 17th and 19th centuries, moved his rule from Muscat to Zanzibar in 1840.
From Kongwe City, the leaders of Omani carried out maritime, including caraphua, gold, clothes, depending on the travels carried out by ships between the Indian Sea border to Oman and East Africa.
Zanzibar's youth are aware of the importance of understanding their history to realize if their future and music they create today express the aspirations of building a bridge between the old and the modern.
Recently DCMA students and their teachers started TaraJazz, a combination of indigenous Arabs and a modern place.
His musician, Felician Mussa, 20, has been learning to play a music instrument called violin for three and a half years; TaraJazz is one of the most sought band on the island, here by photographer Aline Co source:
The Swahili line tells a story of cultural mixture and DCMA is developing this culture through musical collaboration.
Every year, the school organizes the so-called Swahili Encounters, a [Swahili Summit] that brings together renowned musicians from Africa, the Middle East, Europe and North America and DCMA students to create real music in a week.
At the end of the meeting, the new teams of joined artists are required to perform on the Voice of wisdom, and often these teams live with extensive friendship beyond the borders of languages and cultures, proofing that music is a language of the world.
DCMA organizes a business event every week to show the talent of its students and friends visiting the musicians, Mkongwe City, Zanzibar, 2019.
Photo courtesy of DCMA.
The DCMA School recognizes that music creates and unites people regardless of their cultures and also employs talented youths living in a society with poor economies and a lack of employment opportunities.
With the over 1,800 DCMA students, the school is the only music home they know, where they can learn and grow up as talented musicians and artists.
One tourist from Uhisipania, who recently visited DCMA school, wrote on TripAdvisor: personally, meeting the musicians was my best time on the island.
While Zanzibar's tourism sector is growing rapidly, the DCMA School believes that music has an important role in celebrating, preserving and promoting Swahili culture, their heritage and their history.
Zanzibar is more than a park and its luxury hotels are a place filled with brilliant talents that rise in the great history of gatherings and historical connections.
Editor Addition: The author of this post volunteered at DCMA school.
Sierra Leone: Healthcare providers are preparing to enter Ebola patients’ treatment area.
Flickr image by EC/ECHO/Cyprien Fabre, August 2, 2014.
(CC BY-NC-ND 2.0)
Earlier on August 12, the World Health Organization (WHO) released a positive report on the progress in the medical process of several Ebola treatments in the Democratic Republic of Congo (Republic of Congo).
WHO noted that the Ebola vaccines showed positive consequences that will bring life to Ebola patients, and further stated that two out of the four vaccines showed high Ebola treatment capacity.
Who is involved in Ebola?
Honourable Professor Jean-Jacques Muyembe-Tamfum, Director-General of the Institute National de Recherche Biomédical (INRB) DR of Congo, spent a large portion of his life in search of an Ebola virus.
While the international media is reporting at large extent on how the Ebola outbreak is leading to the highest deaths in Congo, the news about the activist is being widely by these media outlets.
Muyembe-Tamfum explained : that we will not say that the Ebola disease (EVD) is unacceptable.
According to Muyembe-Tamfum's punishment work, scientists tested four Ebola drugs: ZMapp, remdesivir, mAb114 and REGN-EB3.
Reactions to a medical test conducted at 499 participants in the study indicated that patients treated RegN-EB3 or mAb114 had a high risk of recovery compared to those treated with two other medicines.
This study was conducted under the supervision of the Institute National de Recherche Biomédical (INRB), the Ministry of Health of Congo and three other health-related organizations: the International Association of Health Affairs (ALIMA), the International Medical Corps (IMC) and Médecins Sans Frontières (MSF).
Congolese responsible for Ebola
Muyembe-Tamfum has been conducting Ebola-related research since the first Ebola-related report in Congo in 1976 when he was the first researcher to travel to the area where Ebola was first.I spent four decades of my life searching for an Ebola-related treatment.So this is a success in my life- Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, the Chief Director of the Institute National de Recherche Biomedical of the Democratic Republic of Congo and his colleagues discovered a new Ebola-related treatment in just three hours.I spent four decades of my life searching for an Ebola-related treatment.
Dr Jean-Jacques Muyembe, the Director-General of the Institute National de Recherche Biomedical of the Democratic Republic of Congo and his colleagues have discovered a new epidemic that can treat the signs of the disease in just three hours.
A professor of biology at the University of Tiba of Kinshasa - the Democratic Republic of Congo, has spent almost 40 years searching for a medical treatment for the disease.
In 1995, he worked with WHO for the implementation of a project he worked with WHO in implementing diagnosis after the first Ebola cases were in Kikwit, the Democratic Republic of Congo.
Professor Muyembe-Tamfum (country) speaking during a public education exercise in Beni, North Kivu, the Democratic Republic of Congo, in early September 2018.
Photo courtesy of MONUSCO/Aqueel Khan (CC BY-SA 2.0)
Following this investigation, the Ebola victims are now hoping for immediate treatment and being hospitalized for more treatment they would have been alive.
With 90 percent of the patients going to be transferred to health centers and receiving treatment and returning at the oldest level, they must trust in this medicine and build trust for their communities and the general public.
Jean-Jacque Muyembe-Tamfum
The causes of the Ebola pandemic are overwhelming
The first Ebola cases were in 1976 near the Ebola River in the Democratic Republic of Congo.
According to the Center for Prevention and Prevention of diseases (CDC), since then, the Ebola virus has been spreading from the natural source (not known so far) and leaving people in Africa to suffer from the disease.
The Ebola outbreak since 1976.
Map from the Anti-Determination Center of Magojwal
Between 2014 and 2016 more than 28,600 people were to have been infected with Ebola in West Africa.
According to a 2015 WHO report:
In 2014 Senegal had one Ebola outbreak and no deaths were.
WHO declared Nigeria's Ebola spread action as part of a major task in dealing with the rapidly spreading dangerous disease.
In January 2015, Mali 8 Ebola cases and 6 deaths.
However, the situation was worse between March and June 2016 in three countries: in Sierra Leone: more than 14,000 Ebola cases and 4,000 deaths; Liberia: about 10,000 Ebola cases and 3,000 deaths. gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu gu
General explanation of Ebola International
The devastating Ebola outbreak in African countries raised alarm and fear in 2015 when two Ebola patientsly died in the United States, one in Spain and one in Germany.
GabyFleur Böl, a researcher at the Berlin Disaster assessment Institute, Germany, other reports of Ebola patients in Spain, Germany, the UK, Italy and Switzerland.
At the time, the Ebola outbreak was considered a death sentence for lack of adequate treatment.
As Sayel predicted, the high rate of Ebola-related deaths and/or/a> sometimes media misinformation about Ebola contributed to worrying around the world.
Such reports were also captured by a 2017 study in which Hal Roberts, Brittany Seymour, Sands Alden Fish II, Emily Robinson and Ethan Zuckerman analyzed more than 109,000 posts published in mainstream media and blogs in the US between July and November 2014, focusing on analysis based on information about the Ebola pandemic.
They discovered three major events about the Ebola pandemic in mainstream media and blogs in the US that took place on July 27, September 28, and October 15 in 2014:
On July 27, it was first that doctors from the U.S. working in Liberia were infected with Ebola.
On September 30, the media broadly about Thomas Duncan’s Ebola outbreak in Texas and for the first time in the United States.
On October 12, reports of an Ebola patient who is a healthcare provider spread widely in the United States.
After October 12, more cases of Ebola were on a series of occasions, leading to a day-to-day abuse.
It is possible that the US media has a lot about the Ebola outbreak because of the incidents of the Ebola outbreak in the country.
Also, due to the ease of spreading information on social media, the Ebola outbreak has been widely discussed in European and US media.
However, what is expected is to see if information about an Ebola medicine discovered by Africans from the Democratic Republic of Congo that treat the African disease will be shared in the media as it was in 2017.
Erick Kabendera training journalists in 2012, Dare s Salaam.
Photo by Pernille Baerendtsen, used with permission
On July 29, 6 armed forces forcefully arrested Erick Kabendera in his home in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania and detained him.
Police say Kabendera has violated a suicide order for investigation of his citizenship as a Tanzanian.
Over the past week, police burnt a flag house twice, confusing his passport, other personal documents and interrogating his family.
As of August 5, authorities are changing arguments, Kabandera is charged with financial misconduct, avoid paying a tax of $75,000, as well as engaging in a criminal network, according to the charges filed by CPJ.
Police say Kabendera has committed these crimes for four years since 2015.
For the charges Kabendera faces, he can be sentenced to up to 15 years in prison and has no guarantee.
Magufuli of Tanzania
They first dismissed a journalist, when they saw the noise, many claimed he was not a Tanzanian, he has no doubts, now he is charged with cybercrime and refusing to pay taxes.
With Erick Kabendera, his mistake is to be a journalist.
Press freedom has been significantly reduced during Tanzania's Magufuli period by CPJ.
Representative of the Institute to Protect Journalists (CPJ) in Sub-Saharan Africa, Muthoka Mumo says:
It seems that over the past week authorities have been looking for evidence of the reasons for his arrest, the independent journalist and critic.
First they claimed that Erick Kabendera’s citizenship was not good, today they have added another completely different charge, which makes us wonder why they intended to hold him.
As a journalist, Kabendera has been criticizing President John Magufuli's administration and has often dominated press freedom.
He has in local and international media such as The Guardian, African arguments and The East African about Tanzania's politics and how it moves the people.
JJebra Kambole, who is Kabendera's lawyer, says, the lawyers also accused Kabendera of insulting the government through an article published in The Economist, titled John Magufuli's repression of press freedom in Tanzania. However, the charges were later removed.
Update: Journalist Erick Kabendera charged with insulting the government for an article published in The Economist, in which John Magufuli denies Tanzanian press freedom explanation from Zebra Kambole says that Mr Kabendera has been granted guarantee.
Citizenship as a tool of silence
This is not the first time the government has asked about nationality, the flag family says.
In 2013 the government also filed similar charges but the case was later cancelled, according to The Citizen.
Kabendera then noticed that authorities wanted to use the issue of his citizenship as a way of silencing him.
Last year, The Citizen also a series of cases that the government used to question justice as a tool to silence criticism in Tanzania.
Aidan Eyakuze, the executive director of Twaweza, a civil society, who cited citizen voices, said the authorities have confused his passport and travel restrictions as his citizenship investigation is ongoing.
Two weeks before the incident, could they report the results of a survey called Says the truth to the authorities?
Public opinion on Tanzanian politics
The Commission of Science and Technology (Costech) claimed the study was unacceptable and threatened to take legal action but the case was later cancelled, according to the same article in The Citizen.
In recent years Tanzania has introduced numerous amendments to laws that target bloggers and media, civil society, art and cultural organizations and as well as teachers and researchers the measure taken by analysts who criticize the government as an attempt to regulate information heard from Tanzania and curb freedom of expression and political rights.
Read more: Will Tanzanian Bloggers agree to pay or pay the Blog Tax'?
#Free ErickKabendera
Hundreds of journalists, human rights activists, motivated leaders have been filled with social media calling for Kabendera's release:
AFEX Africa calls the charges a public intention of violence
It's nine days now and Tanzanian police continue to arrest investigated journalist Erick Kabendera @AFEXafrica saying there is need for an end to this public violence.
https://t.co/7UFZkzYzwV @MRA_Nigeria @FXISouthAfrica @gmpressunion #Free ErickKabendera #NoImpunity
AFEX (@AFEXafrica) August 6, 2019
Kabendera, who has often learnt and encouraged young journalists, has forced his former student to tweet:
I met Erick Kabendera only once in my life, and for less than 80 minutes.
He graduated as a student invited to come to teach us (the School of Journalism and Public Communication- @UniofDar).
But despite being with us for a short time, I learned a lot from him.
He really inspired.
#100K4 Erick
Another netizen thinks Kabendera's arrest and accusation is a warning point for other citizens:
RIP Flag NOW A Tanzanian or NOW A Journalist NOW A Tanzanian Resident Erick.
If the right I do not love it today and I do not love it, tomorrow I may not do it for you too.
nobody is safe for injustice when you rule
I and we are Ivan Golunov.
flag drawn by Meduza, used with permission
: This Russian-language explanation means the level of humiliation that is exactly enough is probably the best way is to present how the number of Russians who have been intercepted and arrested by renowned investigative journalist Ivan Golunov is growing.
He was arrested on June 6 in Moscow for alleged interference in drug trafficking.
Golunov was arrested and refused to meet a lawyer which is contrary to the Russian law.
His lawyer confirmed he had severe pain in prison.
After being taken to the hospital he was allowed and placed with special animals on June 8.
The Russian soldiers originally displayed photos of suspected drug laboratory stolen at the golunov grave but later removed them.
Also pro-Kremlin news outlet in Russia today confirmed that the photographs were not taken on the golunov walls.
The charges filed by Golunov could lead to 10 to 20 years in prison.
36-year-old Golunov works in Meduza, one of the few independent networks that uses the rest of the Russian language.
Meduza was registered in neighbouring Latvia, but has a few offices and journalists in Russia.
Golunov has led the publication of an investigation into several corruption incidents involving high-ranking leaders.
Since Golunov's arrest, Meduza has been publishing Golunov's posts under a Creative Commons license and has encouraged media and individuals to republish them, which has been strongly supported by Global Voices.
Among the important stories he published was about Deputy Mayor Pyotr Biryukov who passed projects for his family and how the project made the moscow the most budgeted city.
The story he was handling before he was arrested was about the completion of the Moscow funeral service.
Golunov's arrest has sparked a rhetoric of solidarity that was rare among journalists, activists and lawyers and even popular singers and celebrities outside Mscow and Saint Petersburg.
On June 10, three major newspapers agreed to publish versions supporting Golunov on front pages.
Newspapers were sold and recorded.
In unusual circumstances, pro-Kremlin and Channel One, which has many viewers, are calling for fair investigation.
June 12 will be Russia's day, where public march and demonstrations allowed by local governments will take place.
Under Russian law, public protests require permission.
Supporters of Golunov have announced that they will have their own march without their official permission.
Kremlin observers say the Russian government is looking forward to removing charges against the journalist before June 20.
The day President Vladimir Putin, whose degrees have risen to history in the country, will be speaking live in public speeches every year when he receives questions from citizens through phones and social networks.
Kenyan writer Binyavanga Wainaina at the Brooklyn Book Festival, 2009.
The 48-year-old Wanina died on Tuesday, May 22 in Nairobi, Kenya.
Photo by Nightscream, CC 3.0 by Wikimedia Commons.
It's just 24 hours since Binyavanga has a Kenyan writer disappeared in this world, but its presence and impact is continuing to disappear worldwide.
In fact, an openly homosexual journalist criticized the gatherings and challenged the government's response to revolutionary journalism that would open the door to thousands of journalists who want to change in writing and explaining how Africa is.
48-year-old LGBTQ journalist, teacher and activist Binyavanga Wainaina passed away on Tuesday, May 22, in Nairobi, Kenya, after a short pregnancy.
Today I wondered: what will your life mean when they leave?
Binyavanga’s death has made me think of the past five or so many years and how he was for us as a young man with enthusiasm and hunger for various changes on our continent and for us as well.
Fungai Machirori (@fungaijustbeing) May 22, 2019
For a few minutes, his friends, supporters and supporters Inananina went viral on social media exchanging memories and thanks and discussing his many very interesting posts
Wainaina is well known for her interesting posts, How to write about Africa, published in the 2006 newspaper.
He is also known for his book in memory of his life in 2012, One day I'll write about this piece, and a post by Mama, I'm a Basha, published in Chimurenga, as well as Africa is a Country published in 2014.
The post was surprising on Twitter because people tried to show the truth and newspapers called Naina one of the 100 prominent influencers in the world
In a post on how to describe Africa, the Nainaina called on the western media and the help of all factory in Nairobi that they are pursuing irresponsible discrimination on the African continent with great sarcasm and irony.
How don't you try to put a beautiful picture of an African on a bookboard or inside it except that an African has won the Nobel Prize.
A kind of AK-47, good mouths, open mates: using this.
If you have to include Africans, make sure you get them from Masai or Zulu or Dogon clothes.
His hand was a bit brutal Kisu, writes Nigerian journalist Nwachukwu Egbunike.
A highly censored article or book, non-governmental organisations and aid workers have had a significant impact on awareness about Africa and the impact is still surrounding, shocking and disappointing.
On its results, author Pernille Bærendtsen writes:
For me, the post has followed me since I was presented in 2008 by my Kenyan friend.
Indeed I am one of Binyavanga's loved ones: a well-being worker employed in Tanzania by a Danish NGO wrote about the results of the post.
That was when manufacturing development and aid increased its efficiency in order to get urgent changes for the ongoing cost.
I had a lot of reasons to feel shameful, but I also had time to plan for a change.
Binyavanga later described in the magazine Bidoun how this article has only happened to life and two consequences: by exposing and describing the dangers of liwan writers, NGOs workers, musicians, guardians, traveling students and journalists who are reading these instructions for how or even how not to write about Africa, begin to apply for his approval.
Wainaina was the son of a white father's son and a Ugandan mother, who continued to question the fraud described about Africa in particular through the 2012 memorial magazine One Day I'll write about where I'll be here.
With good information, he attracted readers from his childhood in the 1970s in Kenya and as a student in South Africa where he spent years in exile.
The criticism turned the book real and true, but later Wainaina admitted that he had forgotten the important aspect of his life's love.
Mama, I am a gay, the Nainaina was the first high-ranking dancer to be openly speaking on social media, and promoting critical opinions from the community.
It seems to be a disappeared face in the memory of his life.
Wainaina saw the assertion that she was gay because her mother was about to die.
His post came briefly as a campaign against a massive anti-homosexuality rally and anti-homosexuality law was launched in Uganda and later in Tanzania where homosexuality is a crime.
Read more: Tanzania's stance on homosexuality boosts political agenda
However, unlike other journalists in exile, Wainaina returned home as Nanjala Nyabola describes the BBC on Twitter, saying that was important:
For those of us who grew up and well-known Kenyan journalists who live in exile, who were imprisoned, poor or misrepresented, he returned home and that was very important.
He was an understood person but for this he deserves to always be thankful.
We should say our thoughts
While Binyavanga was actually loved by various international groups, at home he criticized and faced the insecurity on the foundations.
Binyavanga demanded freedom of speech and expression.
Courageously in a community that is being empowered by LGBTQ she insisted on overturning that principle
In response to the noise and other reactions, the same year Wanina wrote We should say our thoughts, on Yuotube with a message with the following six sections carrying his thoughts on freedom of thought.
I want to live a life of freedom of thought, he explained in the first part.
I ask this generation of young parents to have young people who see Africans writing their own stories that is a very important political act everybody should have.
I wish to see a continent where all kinds of people's thoughts are not needed until allowed.
I am an African of all Africans, I want to see this continent changing.
The Nainaina repeatedly expressed her enthusiasm for worship through her writing, education and leadership.
In 2002, after winning the best Caine Prize for her home discovering post, did she use the money to collaborate with Kani?
A newspaper aimed at developing new voices and ideas emerging across the continent.
Why?
It continued for a while publishing and having a network linking journalists from Lagos to Nairobi, Mogadishu to Accra.
Read more: We are working to prevent explosions': The word spoken in East Africa
While reacting irresponsibly to Kenyan social contracts he became publicly homosexual and later revealed that he has a HIV on Twitter AIDS Day in 2016 often brought pain, confrontation and it often came with backlash, struggle and pain.
Wainaina was a barbaric man who fought with violence and often fought for being a celebrity homosexual appeared to be his complex role in society as a man of the people.
He had fans but was criticized by prominent journalist Shailja Patel, who accused the Naina of hating homosexuals.
Twitter user NéoMusangi explains the inadequate behavior of the Nigerians in a tweet:
I don't have enough power but I pray for Binya as my loving friend in the outside and in my advocacy.
I am sad that he tortured others.
I am sad that he failed as a human.
He would hate us to clean him.
Journalist Bwesigye Mwsigire, director of Uganda's Writivism Festival, also described this confusion on Facebook:
His lifestyle was a problem.
Good and leave the mistakes.
People we hold because of their work and ideas are people.
He is human.
Are we ready to love them in their complexity?
Currently, a lot has been said about him.
There is no need to repeat what was said.
People are reminding her pain.
This removes the pain the person hears for his death.
There are only one female victims.
He is a creator for now.
Let's celebrate his life.
Traditional talent
Kenyan activist Boniface Mwangi tweets after he posted a message to hide the Names on Facebook; hatred and homosexual reactions followed his message.
Wainaina was a talented person who should be remembered:
I posted a brief message on Facebook about Binyavanga's death, #RIPBinyavanga had a very bad and shameful comment I have never read.
Even the thieves who approach us to tax and kill people do not see such much hatred.
In fact, Binya had an intellectual and intellectual talent and would continue to be read and remembered.
Ugandan woman rights advocate and journalist Rosebell Kagumire highlighted what she learnt from the indigenous courage to speak publicly:
Don't allow fear.
Don't stop yourself.
I don't know what to be said.
Register.
Listen to your truth and to your heart.
Where you breathe your last breath there will be millions of meaningful words you gave to Binyavanga
Through his life and letters, he gave himself and countless others the permission to imagine life as it could be otherwise, and his sudden passing inspired poetic musings:
One day I'll write about your loving hair
One day I'll write about your jokes
One day I'll write about your dissatisfaction
One day I'll write about your thinking
One day I'll write about your rejection
Today I write thanks
Kenya Yvonne Adhiambo Owuor, a journalist and journalist for Dust, and truly a friend of Nina, concludes with a final prayer:
Who told you to leave?
From your body at night without leaving a new account?
So it's gone, the eyes are burning, he said, You're just 3 seconds to fix your conversations there.
Who told you to leave?
From your body without leaving a new account?
Who can go with fear and disappear with an attempted letter?
Now he is one of the most prominent people, you can join Binya with a great memory of his work.
The front page of the newspaper de Angola about Telstar's victory.
by Dércio Tsandzana, April 19, 2019 and with permission
Angolan President João Lourenço on April 18 followed a government bail for a mobile operator in the country, saying that the winner of the bail Telstar did not meet the necessary requirements for the service.
The President's decision may show division in the Angolan government.
Telstar was founded in January 2018 with the first 200,000 capital (about $600), with major stakeholders Manuel João Carneiro (90 per cent) and trader António Cardoso Mateus (10 per cent), according to the Portuguese Observador.
According to Angolan networks, Manuel João Carneiro's victory was given by the late president Eduardo dos Santos.
The Observador newspaper that 27 companies participated in the petition process was opened by the Ministry of Communications and Information Technology under José Carvalho da Rocha.
According to the Angolan newspaper on April 25, João Lourenço signed procedures that introduced a new law for opening a funeral invitation.
After the results of the first petition were made public, many Angolans questioned the integrity of the process.
Others went far saying that the winner Telstar never had a website.
This was said by Skit Van Darken, editor and editor on Facebook:
Telstar Telecommunications, Ltd, was established on January 26, 2018, with the first 200,000 citizens from the Diário da República, whose accounts are the general Manuel João Carneiro (90 per cent) and António Cardoso Mateus (10 per cent).
The main participant is connected to Mundo Startel, a dedicated company, registered by INACOM, a licensed telecommunications regulator although published.
A company that doesn't even have a website!
INSECUTIONS WITH THE GOVERNMENT WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH WITH
THIS IS AIBU
Currently, Jo Aquim Lunda, a journalist and regular social media broadcaster, regretted the President's actions and even thought that the responsible minister escaped the risk of being expelled with a failure:
The license for the fourth telecommunications operator in Angola was translated by the President of the Republic, João Lourenço.
There were many reservations and a lot of points to clarify around the issue.
One doesn't get a job in a company that was founded in 2018 by the first 200,000 capital, awarded a farm prize.
I am sure that the days of the Minister of Communications and Information Technology are counted.
After the failure of angosat 1, now and this we are witnessing today, I am worried if it will do anything.
Enjoy the game in silence!!
The president's decision came after the same minister who led the 2017 satellite project Angosat 1, is in trouble again.
Adriano Sapiñala, the deputy of the main opposition party he sees the problem showing conflicts in the government:
JLo [João Lourenço] should organize his team well because yesterday a freelance minister was saying that the time of the complaint is over and so Telstar would continue the next step because he was a winner of the joke and today JLo is coming up and removing the joke!
Communications are not good?
Now maybe the minister leaves the stand of (resignation) or JLo should remove him because if he has caught a burial it is because his process was not good and so that it doesn't affect anyone right people must be accountable!!
Blanka Great speaks at the January 2019 protest.
Photo by márk Tremmel, CC BY-NC-SA 2.5.
This story was written by Tamás B. Kovács and translated by Anita Khowves for the non-commercial Hungary Journal, Atlanatszo.
This edited post is available here as part of his collaboration with Global Voices.
The media supporting the Hungarian government has started a new attack on Blanka Great, a high school student who spoke badly against the government in several protests since the end of 2018.
grand tolerates numerous criticisms against him and has also been sexually harassed and one news source has called him Kahaba.
He has already filed a trial of harassment and victory against the three pro-government agencies, Lokàl, Ripost and Origo, who claimed he was going to school.
However, after Nady won the trial against Origo, the source attacked her again by publishing her school report.
Nady told Atlanatszo that he was thinking of prosecuting Origo again because of their recent stories.
Blanka Great has become popular in Hungary in the last cold seasons after delivering a speech at anti-government protests, where she criticized popular politicians, using violent languages.
His intense speech was shared by social media users through a video of his speech.
Two months after his video attracted attention on social media, pro-government agencies and scholars like Zsolt Bayer started a series of attacks against him.
The media said he was missing most of his studies and had also missed most of his studies.
They also called him a talentless person who wants to become popular by Kahaba.
His lawyer made a copy of his results in court and revealed that he was not going through his studies as well as those copies were given to Origo's lawyers.
The news outlet decided to publish a report from the Great's results report saying he was approaching a history course a month ago and is also in another academic certificate as well.
When #FreeHungary jokes about the young girl of protester Blanka Great, she has sued them for insulting and winning.
They have been asked to apologize and correct their information but they have refused and continued to insult him.
TV2 sparked all the time on the news to blame the results, citing the copies brought to court but did not say how the verdict was https://t.co/MyllWb2Jwh
Joost (@almodozo) April 5, 2019
I and my Vice Chancellor are thinking of prosecuting a news source that published a copy of my school results, grand told Atlanatszo in an interview.
He said Origo had no right to publish his results.
He and his lawyers think Origo had no right even to see his results when they presented him to court.
And their recent allegations are also not true, Nady said.
I don't forget my lesson of history, unlike what they said.
I have a good result my points are more than 2 (marking with grade C).
What they say is false.
I would wonder if it was true because in my family there was a history teacher among my grandparents, he ended saying.
I think all these clashes against me are strange but I don't see it anymore.
It shows how somehow I am threatening some of the highest officials of the Fidesz ruling party.
The fact is that Zsolt Bayer himself attacked me by pro-government media to spread false information against me, confirming that, he added.
Blanka grand high school student: Fidesz gives a scandal, writer, bad and tragic.
This evil gang of criminals, this minority government, are seizing their pockets for their livelihoods while you are praying for poverty.
He said the truth.
This is Hungary.
censorship and false information are the only weapons of the pro-Hungary government.
Some opposition authorities have responded for blaming the media.
According to the latest data collected by Atlanatszo, main propaganda sources failed in many cases, and they were ordered by the court to update the report 109 times in 2018.
They can't put their thoughts on our heads so they shoot us #SOSNicaragua That's how one protester reads during a protest for political prisoners in Managua.
August, 2018.
Photo: Jorge Mejía Peralta (CC BY 2.0)
Since the massive protests against President Daniel Ortega erupted in Nicaragua in April 2018, the government has banned protests, arrested thousands without charges and jointly blocked main sources and alternative news outlets.
The attempts to make a conversation are overwhelmed, now Nicaragua's determination remains a difficult question.
The protests started against a change in the policy of social security funds in which it would raise income taxes while reducing the interests of farmers.
Initially the process was carried out and authorities opened the door to a nationwide protest demanding the resignation of President Daniel Ortega, his wife and Vice President Rosario Murillo.
The death toll from the protests is divided and unclear since last year as restrictions on access to information and memory have increased.
In December 2018, the government blocked some NGOs that were closely monitoring police violence and human rights violations at the Center for Human Rights in Nicaragua (Cenidh) and the Institute for Democratic Development (Ipad).
Also in December, two groups of the American Commission of Human Rights (IACHR) the Special Monitoring Programme of Nicaragua (MESENI) and the Free Law Students Group were evacuated from the country, leaving Nicaragua without an independent human rights agency and launching a new measure of violence, according to Women’s Rights and Education activist María Teresa Blandón.
Read more: We are victims we are helping the victims': Conscientious Human Rights violations in Nicaragua
The lowest number of injuries, identified by the government in August 2018 has grown to 197.
However, the Human Rights Watch has confirmed 322 deaths until September 18 2018, many of whom were being shot in the head, neck and back.
Blogger Ana Siú recently wrote on Medium about her experience in the April 2018 protest:
I saw my college friend being attacked by a gang on Instagram Business.
I heard him screaming and struggling to avoid being tortured [] Finally, the man who attacked him on a motorcycle left him but took his phone.
He did not know he was still a businessman.
Then she said, Let's go!
We have to take these calls back.
The event continued for 20 minutes.
He also announced the May 30 protest, a historic protest called on the day Nicaragua celebrates Mother's Day where 15 people were killed.
That day we changed our views on the protest.
Some of us at those protests saw how they were killing young people.
It is the first time police attacked such massive protests with bullets.
I have never been close to such a death.
While the students joined themselves in universities in the capital Managua, camp workers blocked the roads in the camp areas.
In June the protesters in Masaya declared the eastern city an independent power from the dictatorship.
The government attacked protesters who created self-defense barriers and responded to police attacks.
The protesters became more involved in violence and clashes and by August 2018 there were 22 deaths of police officers, according to government figures.
In mid-2018, the police launched an Operción limpeza (Operation of cleaning) to destroy the barracks and prosecute suspects involved in it.
Reports say security forces did so in collaboration with militant groups.
Many students, leaders of the farmers movement, justice fighters and journalists were threatened in the campaign and many of them were charged.
And some health workers who were injured during the protests were shocked by what they did.
The Nicaragua Association of Doctors has said that at least 240 doctors were discharged from public hospitals as a means to stop them.
Read more: Protesters in Nicaragua and journalists face violent attacks on the streets and networks.
In September the protests became illegal anymore, and any activity in the streets now requires a special permission from the authorities, which are often denied.
On February 27, 2019, a dialogue table was opened between the government and the opposition party, Alianza Cívica por la justicia y la Democrasia (Coalition for Justice and Democracy for Citizens), followed by the release of hundreds of people from prison.
In comparison to the previous conversation, the meeting did not include the leaders of the farmers and students movement, because some of them are in prison, and others are in exile.
Not just a new president
As the country's crisis comes into a second year now, the suspects and concerns of tomorrow in Nicaragua are headed by the hashtag #SOSNicaragua, which is released daily with allegations, photos of victims and screenshots on imprisoned students and their families.
Read more: Nicaraguan Foreign Activists carry twice a burden
A Nicaragua news source, Niú interviewed the protesters who led the February protests in neighboring parts of Costa Rica and described the difficulty of living in exile.
Alejandro Donaire, a student who said he fled the country after taking part in a peaceful protest, told Niú how difficult it was to feel to be part of a community and a normal life, after spent a long time living hiding, running and protesting.
Madelaine Caracas, a spokesman for a student group known as Students Coalition for Democracy, also shared Niu's desire to see a change in Nicaragua that will be more than Ortega leaving:
[We want] to remove dictatorship, sexual oppression, personality and other weaknesses that have contributed to the country's political culture.
We are more hopeful that Ortega will leave this year and that I will return to Nicaragua this year.
And I am sure because Ortega is not heard in the international and economic space as well as because all those who took part in the April protests are fully prepared for the moment.
This last round of negotiations between the Government and the opposition ended on April 3, with an agreement on two of the four topics discussed.
First, the government has promised that it will release all political prisoners and second, it will respect civilian freedom.
There was no agreement on justice for victims of electoral violence or terrorism for the 2021 elections.
The opposition group Citizen Coalition said that the government has failed to comply with the agreement.
Police are to have continued to disrupt peaceful protests.
As in April 6, only 50 of the 600 political prisoners were released, and detained in their homes.
Later on April 17, following a new threat of sanctions by the US, more than 600 prisoners were released and sent to house arrest, but according to the Civil Coalition, only 18 members of the group were on the list of political prisoners hoping to be released.
In the minds of people like activist and researcher Felix Madariaga, the new tomorrow leader of Nicaragua is in jail today.
Meanwhile, opposition groups have called for protests to commemorate the events of April 2018.
With an announcement from the authorities and a request for permission against the protests, there is also expected repression from the police.